my dudes what's up welcome to episode 8
of the DT podcast here we are my good
friend trihex how you doing buddy I'm
doing good bro wait since when did you
use the term my dudes that's a that's
patent by giant waffle bro ha dude I was
using my dude so long ago I'm pretty
sure I was using it before him that was
a that's an old destiny meme I think it
got picked up by some people I don't
remember if I was using it before giant
waffle not actually does anyone actually
know it might have been a kind of like
you know how calculus was invented by
two different people at the same time
and you may it might have been one of
those things where we both discovered it
at the same time or maybe he was using a
first I'm not sure but I'm pretty sure I
use it first your destiny you're smart
you got the big brain just go ahead and
patent the phrase my dude and then have
waffle and company pay you a royalty
easy money you can drop her sub going
anymore just make it make it funds
itself practically didn't trick2g try to
go this route with like patenting the
sub games [ __ ] do you remember this
drama a long time ago wait wait wait why
massive [ __ ] oh wait that's actually a
thing
yeah trick 2 GM had like sub games or
whatever and he tried to like patent
this a long time ago and it was
massively [ __ ] unpopular do you know
okay so we're trying to patent the
notion of like having subscriber only
games something like that yeah I'm like
League of Legends yeah oh man this
reminds me of a probably the most
controversial patent I can think of here
I say controversial but like similar and
in vain is a when Amazon patented the
one-click by one click purchase right
you've heard about that I really try to
but yeah yeah I believe they tried to
but it was like you can't really patent
I figured how this so have that worked
out though actually
unfortunately it's already there's like
a long long time ago but minor tangent
there but yeah
predatory patenting that's definitely a
topic we should cover at some point cuz
damn is that got out of control now as
well that's been a problem for like over
20 years now really oh yeah speaking of
Amazon my mattress gets here today I've
been sleeping on the floor for two weeks
which is okay with me but other people
seem to have a huge problem with us I'm
really excited for this mattress to get
here to shut everybody the [ __ ] up oh my
god
really really all right well but did you
order a new one or do I know you
recently move so like did you like did
you do the whole thing we put all of
your [ __ ] like an 18-wheeler and then
I'll have the 18-wheeler meet you at
your house like two weeks later I guess
so basically what I do is I the way that
I function when I need to clean a room I
take a big trash bag and I've haven't
used it in a month I just throw it the
[ __ ] away so when I came down to moving
I have my two computers my keyboard
basically my whole streaming setup
mm-hmm
my laptop and my clothes and that's all
I moved with and everything else I was
like [ __ ] it so I need to get I need to
get stuff but that's okay I got a I got
a bed coming I got a dresser coming I
think that's all I need to be a human
right I think those things yeah yeah you
know what there's two things there I
want to say about that one is I have
never been to Ikea I want to go one day
and I hear that if I ever do go I'm just
gonna end up wanting to from all my
current furniture now and just like
upgrade to the IKEA lifestyle but also
to bring up a really good point I'm
really into function when it comes to
the layout of a particular room and I I
really really really I'm a fan of the I
watch the documentary once about this
the the heat spots in your home like if
you have a good apartment and you figure
out you know where our human body's
occupying space most frequently you get
we're all the body heat would be a cave
the heat spots and if you have a good
particular room or space that has like
it's cold like you're you're rarely in
there it's just accumulating junk it's
not facilitating any kind of function
then then your arrangement there is is
bad and you need to like change it so I
always like to look at that like okay
what what area of my house why I barely
go in and why is that such and I try to
like examine like well maybe it's
because I don't this arrangement here is
not really good or whatever it may be so
I always try to like improve everything
in the HEPA Guard sure yeah try to hear
people talk about like the most
important things you can get her like a
good chair and a good bed because this
is where you spend like 90% your time oh
I like to break it down as a you know
because there are people right there are
there are there are there are a keyboard
and mice Skepta stright and I'm like do
you should if you if you're a PC /
like if you use your PC even like
near-daily like your keyboard your mouse
or your input devices the dollar per
hour of useless you're gonna get out of
a good desk a good computer chair a good
keyboard the good Mouse with a way far I
am always like calm amount I do if you
get a little little shitty ass $10 new a
keyboard you're gonna hurt you dude
you're missing out man you missing out
dude
yeah I agree so today we have what do we
have today
oh I've got a smorgasbord of topics
nothing too exciting but we're starting
off with a good boy our good man the one
and only our Kelly who I only know
through Dave Chappelle's kids
I don't know impression of him so you
don't know much about mr. Robert Kelly
um I've heard things but again only
through only through the boondocks and
through Dave Chappelle skits I don't I'm
not intimately familiar with him so why
don't you enlighten us I've heard things
okay
so Robert Kelly is a really really
popular R&B singer had had his dominance
got my [ __ ] right there
I had his dominance in the 90s most
people would probably say his most
iconic song is the I believe I could fly
tethered to the Space Jam soundtrack
mm-hmm
1996 yeah so you know our killer can
sling he's done a lot of uh he said a
lot of songs on you know sex and you
know I don't see nothing wrong a little
bit of bump and grind age ain't nothing
but a number I believe I can fly the
world's greatest yeah you know he's
pretty you know he's he's synonymous
with like that that like that barbershop
slow jam arm be that people are kind of
nostalgic for us and since the thinking
since the early 90s onward yeah um and
now that we had a from that age ain't
nothing but a number we can segue into
the next part of the conversation about
him yeah so why is our Kelly in the news
well there was a there was a six-part or
as a five-part a five-part documentary
series called surviving our Kelly it
debuted on lifetime television
January third I want to say and in this
documentary you have one of the one of
the dominant are Kelly accusers coming
forward and saying that okay I'm tired
of it you know me two movements going on
right now
I'm tired of Kelly existing in some kind
of like tentpole limelight of nostalgia
whether it be on Spotify or whatever
because all the songs bump and jam but
meanwhile he's he's a sexual predator in
her words he is a he's a sexual mental
and physical abuse er and it's been
going on for a long time now and someone
needs to call him out and so one of one
of the one of the victims slash accusers
here is want to come forward and be like
yeah I'm tired of the [ __ ] let me
expose Robert Kelly and the ratings for
were through the roof and now we're
having a conversation if you go on go on
Twitter it's everywhere right now about
is is Robert Kelly's time up well more
than a conversation actually I think was
it Georgia or Tennessee is now like
doing criminal investigations yeah yeah
that's correct actually oh yeah we have
that going on but before that I wanted
to go back a little bit here because the
reference data you know about the the
Dave Chappelle thing say there was a
Dave Chappelle skit about Robert Kelly
supposedly peeing on girls women and you
know whatever teenagers adult women
whoever it may be and what I do have for
you here is that in 2002 Robert Kelly
was was charged with 21 counts of child
pornography by it went on for a few
years I don't know if the same case or
not here but in 2008 the case was
dismissed because there was a conclusive
evidence but the particularly the to the
2002 case of the 21 charges of child
porn the the defense on Kelly's
attorneys in was that the that his like
his likeliness may have been
computer-generated which is what led to
the Bishop Ellis kid saying that that
piss no they cute the accusation here
that he was peeing on children that piss
was digital you know though it was added
in so that's what that whole thing comes
from right there
yeah and then the did you ever watch The
Boondocks get on that
I don't recall I have watched boondock
season one through three but I don't
recall exactly what happens in that
particular episode can you refresh me on
it did you really write familiar with it
oh it was just kind of um [ __ ] I should
read the clip ready to go but it was
like a similar kind of joke we're like
if he's not there with like two
witnesses plus like his grandma - idea
or some [ __ ] like it doesn't count or
some [ __ ] it's been a long time since I
saw yeah yeah
there's a whole episode called like the
trial of our killer it's just kind of a
pretty funny ever since yeah so there
was that and then finally here uh or I
say fine so just be a bit more in
between you but want to give like the
really noteworthy stuff um in 2017 he's
also accused of having a sexual should
with a team um this happened a couple of
times here but uh particularly there was
a this one went pretty high-profile 2017
but there's been there's been numerous
accusations of Kelly being with
teenagers throughout the last 20 years
or so
uh-huh so nothing surprising there
another and before I get to the what's
what what's been going on in particular
if you guys are familiar with the R&B
singer from the 90s Alea she uh where
she was featured on the cover of aging
nothing but a number kind of a cool
trivia thing here but you can see are
Kelly in the background of of the of the
the the the the CD single cover so we
need to sitting there like you know
chillin look in the bay the Glee
predatory but you know let's uh bring
that guy up this is the this is the
woman that he supposedly oh I'm sorry
Leah Leah I'm sorry I forgive me I
apologize there Abaco worker um I have a
coworker at my old old job and I had
like Anna Leia
I had an alia Atalaya I kid you not I
had all those like I had a Christie a
kir Stan Christina I had like all the
like the girl names I use my spaghetti a
little bit there so I apologize for
mispronouncing it wait is this the right
can you see what I'm looking at is this
the right thing yeah yeah yeah you found
it yeah there it is Tammy yeah up here
that's our Kelly in the background there
a little bit of trivia for you there but
uh so he married this girl when she was
14 and he was 27 whoa I didn't know that
really yep they had the Accu the
allegation is that they had like an
undercover marriage I think or they got
they got like a secret wedding or
whatever they had to get an old and then
later on this she tried to get it
expunged she was 15 but lied about her
age well supposedly I think it was art
Kelly's manager at the time that came
out and said that um he had gotten her
fake ID credentials or whatever in order
to in order for the ceremony to go
through but yeah it was like she was
like 14 or 15 and he was 27 I think but
uh yeah holy [ __ ] dude okay well well I
guess knowing I'm glad I brought that
random trivia up now because now that we
know that well now we can get into the
UH we can get into what what's what's
being accused here what's the
accusations in this surviving r.kelly
documentary right well first thing first
again we have we have a we have a victim
here we have an accuser who's saying
that yeah that she was sexually mentally
and physically abused
um she wanted to come forward with it
she needed but she needed high-profile
people who would who would
unapologetically know about these things
so that so that her accusations would
have more credit right and it's a
particularly important your denote that
uh quite a few high-profile people chose
to not participate in the series um she
reached out to jay-z Dave Chappelle and
[ __ ] him forgetting the other two here I
had to I had written down two and I
freaking lost track about it at some
point here you tell me that John Legend
was the one one of the few that actually
came forward and confirmed or
corroborated stuff right correct yeah
John Legend was one of the lizzy one of
the very few who came forward and and
collaborated and elaborate on on that on
things on questionable things about our
Kelly's behavior sadly though I I
haven't yet watched the series in
question I want to so I really can't go
any much further on on what the series
does but here are the general
accusations that were presented there is
that particularly in 2017 Kelly's been
keeping
in a so-called sex cult at one of his
estates in North Atlanta right so I
first of all it's gonna be like a
general accusation of um you know okay
yeah Kelly's Kelly did some questionable
things in the past and we've got to
prove that forward no very as far as
very recently Kelly has had multiple
women
at his estate and the accusation has
been that they have been they have been
kept there against their will
his publicist has defended him multiple
times over the last three years minimum
saying that the women are of age of
their own mind of their own will and
they choose to remain here and there's
no abuse happening so there is women
there are women you know there is some
kind of like harem going on at as a
state here but yeah but uh he's saying
that yeah they're here of their own will
and it's cool but to continue her her
her accusation here said that uh the
women are forced to call Kelly and refer
to him as daddy and they require his
permission to bathe eat use the restroom
and move between rooms so yeah there's
there's some power play going on here
right now so yeah we got a UH you listen
to the subject matter and the songs he
may not it may not be too far-fetched
say that yeah do you got you got a you
got a sex cult going on right here boys
yeah I mean it uh as long as it's all
consensual it doesn't sound like it
maybe I don't know yeah as I mentioned
earlier all of the I think it was that
recent documentary that you mentioned
surviving our Kelly that actually
instigated investigations in Georgia now
I think
yeah Criminal Investigations in Georgia
yeah I'm not sure what exactly the
criminal [ __ ] should look the Sam has
opened an investigation allegations made
against a singer in surviving our Kelly
we're told the probe was launched over
the past few days is a direct result of
what surviving our Kelly depicted and
yeah apparently investigators are
reaching out to people from the TV show
to figure out what the [ __ ] is going on
so yeah sure now interesting so so
there's that there's also though this
this fan based reaction right now we
have a classic case here
can one truly separate the art from the
artist because you have some hardcore
r.kelly fans who are I guess I don't
want I don't want to say what they what
they're being accused by about the
opposition here but their their sex cult
apologist and they're saying that you
know how can one who produce us such
great music be what you see is a great
person so you having people who are
advocating for having our Kelly's music
taken off of like Spotify iTunes etc you
have people who are on the other extreme
who are like you know burning their
albums and trashing them because they're
in Gaza now they listen to the the
context of these sexual songs and it's
like you know it was is this video it's
just um this is in in context of the
crazy sex cult he was running for a long
period of time and or you know being on
kids or whatever you want to whatever
acts nation you wanna throw out there
that may have been possible now so I
don't know this is a obviously I'm like
ill but um have you ever been a
situation where you have a underground
sex cone
oh sorry what no I don't know like have
you know uh have you ever been a
situation where like you had an artist
um for me what comes to mind here
particularly is like it's like louis c.k
you've ever had like a situation where
like you're a fan of someone of their of
their work their output but then them
the person become questionable later on
and does that make you like less or
appreciate that where can you separate
the art from the artist on your in
particular in that's to me
i want to say that i have i want to say
that i have an above average ability to
do it i don't know why i think i'm just
really good at compartmentalizing that
kind of stuff i guess like the bet the
best example that I would give well I
say above average assuming that it's a
good thing to do so some people think
that you should yeah I know that I would
I would agree that I think it's a good
thing to be able to do that yeah so I
guess like my um I guess like my
personal examples are um you know like
all the new grounds animators and
everything did you ever follow this
stuff like egoraptor and stuff yeah like
oh five is when this was like a yeah
because YouTube it came out at that
point yeah I love all of those videos
and I love that art style or like the
things that like are you familiar like
psychic pebbles he did like hellbenders
some [ __ ] like all of this stuff online
is really cool and really funny and I
really enjoy watching it and all of
those guys came out of the woodwork to
like relentlessly [ __ ] on me during the
jontron thing like every animator that
I'd ever liked the new grounds came out
of the woodwork the [ __ ] on me had
Twitter but I still like yeah but I
started like all of this stuff and I'm
not gonna sit here and say that just cuz
I hate them I hate their art or even if
they personally hate me I hate their
Artur at every sound I think I'm decent
at like separating it out kind of my
personal view of it and I understand
that there are other contrary views that
you can do oh man we're not allowed to
get triggered by chat when we do this
right destiny was hyper wrong when he
got in an argument with psychic pebbles
yikes I'm not gonna get triggered but
you know I remember when all of that
happened yeah I'm still like really cool
there's stuff I figured that um oh I'm
sorry yeah I remember saying on the way
that I view it is like if you attach
like a celebrity's persona to their art
and then you decide not to consume art
because of things they've done however
wrong were discussing that maybe it
seems like you're just cutting yourself
off from enjoying pieces of art like
you're basically saying like here's a
wide variety of art some of this I could
enjoy but I I can't because of the
person attached to it and I would want
to lose out on enjoying stuff like that
ya know I hear you on that
I actually feel I feel like yeah it's
it's good thing to be able to separate
the two because in time like you know
the art can be interpreted in a
different lens as we have more
relativism and if you're too caught up
in your emotions and your feelings then
yeah you're not gonna be able to just
gonna exclude yourself from culture in
the first place I guess that being that
can hold you back a lot here I mean we
go back here to the whole idea of the
the founding fathers and you know there
are people who were like dismissing the
entire set um I mean it's a really hot
topic right now but uh dismissing the
founding fathers you know particularly
because of the the utilization of slaves
and like contextually it was not as
taboo back then so it's a little bit
look at a different lens but that's
that's more about I guess more
relativism than actually uh art from the
artist yeah back to well as I get to
hear about louis c.k louis c.k was my
favorite or is my favorite comedian stan
comedian or to be fair though I haven't
consumed a lot of state up in the last
like five years really it's more like
you know the pre
half of the 2010s I was really on like a
stand-up gig where I would like try to
watch like old Jerry Seinfeld and old
Richard Pryor Eddie Murphy etc and no
big big fan I thought his stuff was like
really I'm not even a parent and I
related to his parent gigs phenomenally
I'm like wow this is really great you
know having only had like retail
experience I had enough PTSD from retail
to be able to consume his uh his tropes
here with the with Parenthood and they
know the whole thing happens I'm just
like that's unfortunate but I'm not
gonna lie he's still funny but that
doesn't undermine like the insta mic my
criticisms of his his his non apology or
what he did the whole the masturbation
would call your fat gate or whatever
whatever was called sauna what everyone
call him
yeah yeah so yeah separate yeah it's
like definitely I think a better didn't
have in the long run yeah and then
especially public figures kind of like
the the flip side argument is that if
there's some activity that you deem to
be immoral by consuming their content or
purchasing content from them especially
we're promoting it whether that's
playing music around friends or like we
do talking about it publicly people
would argue that you're promoting you
know something that you personally are
against and that would make you
hypocritical or that would be any moral
thing in and of itself but yeah and
that's the part where gets a little bit
tricky here cuz um you know if I played
r.kelly
on my stream today your people gonna
tell me that I'm endorsing the I don't
know I know that's like the whole thing
they're like you know I'm saying that I
shouldn't separate off from the artist
here but I admit I I'm not sure if I
would want to I'm a little bit scared
hesitant to actually play our killing on
stream today if I if I if I wanted to
you know cuz it's a gun I'm thinking
like the the lowest common denominator
of like oh so you're you're you're okay
with the sex cult happening and all be
in women being abused and [ __ ] like that
give a stance on the on the Michael
Jackson stuff who that's oh that's a
loaded one right there I am NOT a fan of
how it like okay so he passed in 2009
right I'm not a fan of how but the
coverage was it made me look a lunatic
but uh I don't think I know enough about
that about the Michael Jackson they
really say conclusively right I mean
ultimately wasn't wasn't his a free but
if I'm wrong here
wasn't his penis like tested for DNA or
some [ __ ] like that and it was it
came back as negative like there was no
evidence of any kind of penile
penetration to kids or something like
that
[ __ ] I don't know I never honest to god
most of what I know about Michael
Jackson comes from Chris Rock's kids so
even sure what the flick is real yeah
I'm not okay I said there was there was
a here's black in his wagon
I can say all right I think in 93 or 94
there was there was a press conference
where Jackson admitted was like you know
synthetically high-pitched voice that um
yeah I I've had my penis tested he his
quotes here I had my penis tested and
and I came back negative I hadn't done I
didn't do anything I've been completely
cooperative with the police so I'm clean
now
the accusation there is I know did he
did he did he [ __ ] kids and the answer
supposedly is no now did he sleep with
kids were there kids in his bedroom
were there kids and has never ranch all
day long and spending and having
sleepovers and whatnot yes and that's
where it's like okay well there's things
going on here but ultimately it's you
know it's like with Michael Jackson I
mean you know Papa Joe you know be him
as a kid he was Robins childhood he's
definitely got like a very particular
psyche that leads to pretty stuff about
bringing yeah yeah yeah there this is
not the regular person whatsoever here
so his extraordinary events will lead to
some extraordinary
I know mental behavior isms I guess so
Megan it's only what I know that I
wasn't prepared for this topic offhand
here so I'm sure okay what do you think
what do you think's gonna come out of
the our Kelly stuff do you think that
would actually see him like locked up or
I think he's guilty though is that is it
fair to speculate here at this point
yeah did you watch the documentary
surviving about Kelly Stouffer no I
didn't I didn't watch it yet sadly I uh
I I found about like the day before
yesterday but this was a thing so I
didn't get a chance to yet but I do want
to watch it though so--but maybe I'll be
able do a follow-up next week on that
but uh so far it wouldn't surprise me
the the the Lea Lea Lea I just confused
my cell phone with how to process our
name but forgive me here uh the whole
herb
Merida Robert Kelly already gives me a
lot of a lot of negative vibes there so
yeah you think hmm
yeah so I it wouldn't surprise me I mean
you do these these artists go through a
massive ego boost and they feel like
they're like you know vincible
invincible untouchable I mean it seems
like a lot of them largely are I mean I
don't even blame them for for thinking
that it seems you know I mean we look at
all the MOOC we look at all the things
that go along with the me to movement
people who go unchallenged for four
decades on in whether it be a Roger
Ailes or high Weinstein almost about my
high homicide line almost every
Weinstein yeah Harvey Weinstein uh yeah
you know you've got a bunch of pieces of
[ __ ]
getting away with their their power
complex for a long-ass time and even now
that the the fact that only um sorry
John Legend
it came forward here the up like you
know Jay Z and Dave Chappelle don't want
to get into it cuz it's a giant muddy
[ __ ] mess my PR standpoint I mean
even if it's the right thing to do so um
yeah dude it's crazy I I would love to
know more about the context of those who
defined the comment I I can't wait to
watch myself personally but yeah I am
definitely um it wouldn't surprise me at
all dude the power struggles are
actually insane so people go
unchallenged for long period of time
there's even by the way it I'm sorry I
forgot one more small fact here there
was a teen in 2016 who notably defended
Kelly saying that uh
I am happy here and I just couldn't tell
it was it was a quote in and one of
these like one of these The New Yorker
articles and I was like is she saying it
because she wants to is she seen it
because like there's like so many things
now right like maybe I might be the one
girl that that robert kelly wants to
give a genuine good experience to that
we has like we know one one oh yeah yeah
hold on why be so to be careful here
Emily the term Stockholm Syndrome no
film you okay so it's very possible to
like abduct somebody or to put somebody
in a certain state of mind where even
though they're helped their kind of
against their will eventually they grow
to enjoy that relationship or you or
they kind of get mind-fucked into
wanting to be there this is what a lot
of people talk about in regards to like
Elizabeth Smart right or oh yeah you can
like hardcore or identify with
or captor and you know you get um yeah
basically like I could kidnap somebody
and condition them to enjoy being in my
presence so if so they don't escape on
their own so that um and this happens
unintentionally do this isn't like some
CIA level mind control techniques is
just you know something right it
happened like a side-effect a byproduct
really human psyche whatever yeah so
something to be really careful I'm and
you can find lots of different examples
of these types of internalized negative
attitudes as well I'm sure you've heard
the term like internalized misogyny mmm
or or like Uncle Tom you've heard these
terms right like yeah where you can get
people that are that have like kind of
like internalized like very very
negative views of themselves or end up
like being okay with like a certain set
of things you wouldn't expect so yeah it
definitely happens yeah yeah okay okay
um so yeah I've heard examples that
before I said know what as a name of
Stockholm Syndrome
alright I've heard that term before but
uh sorry I know in advance
oh yeah no [ __ ] we could talk about the
Drake stuff too but did you see that
video
oh yeah Drake was a he was dancing with
some under it I see underage but um like
seventeen sixteen year old girl on stage
and a very provocative manner Sakura man
I don't want to go with the [ __ ]
nuclear takes because I'm getting so
tired of doing nuclear takes but I'm now
I have mixed feelings about it so
initially when I saw it it was super
[ __ ] yikes because I was under the
impression that the girl was like 14 and
he was like 25 or some [ __ ] it was like
oh but now but people are could have
been correct him in the age I should
have looked this up and were saying it
like he was 21 and the girl is 17 and
it's like I mean like it's so pretty bad
or like [ __ ] like that's like I don't
know it's way say you say he's 21 so the
means of the footage was from years ago
oh yeah it was old as [ __ ] what can I
actually get a confirmation like me
actually
okay people think 23 okay yeah that's
probably still pretty bad I think I
don't know age of consent of candidates
is it 16 in Canada as opposed to I think
18 in the US or might be 16 in the US
but you can't make porn until you ever I
don't let's let's also go into the
context here it was 11 it was at one of
his concerts right yeah it was oh yeah
on stage he's in a completely ego
empowering environment
like yeah you I want you like you know
the girl is leading a girl like most I
need to grow before you calm on stage
for some kind of oh no no be careful be
careful yeah yeah so the problem was it
like the problem was that or I'm just
you know the promise that initially he
didn't know the age of the girl but
after he found out he still went like
pretty hard end which was kind of the
cringy part cuz he found out the age and
then he backed off and he's like oh I
don't wanna get in trouble and was like
okay okay but then afterwards he found
out and they're like he gave her like a
kiss on the cheek and he kissed on the
other cheek and then he kissed her
forehead and then like a kiss on her
lips even like it was like uh yeah yeah
but um yeah I don't know um but that's
not like a huge thing although there's
been a lot of rumors about Drake
grooming kind of like underage girls
like talking with him since they were 15
apparently he's like he said he started
[ __ ] a girl like the second she
turned 18 it was [ __ ] I wish I could
remember the names on this but like yeah
there's like a lot of stuff that floats
around I guess I'm related to
oh the stranger thanks girl yeah related
to Drake but oh yeah the stories the
girl that that is a that that's another
one people were a little bit weird out
buying but mm-hmm
there's there's like no conclusive
evidence though so yeah and it's so hard
a lot of it is like they didn't scream
like oh you know like I texting all the
time because he's like a big brother and
we talk about boys and you know and that
could be innocent but it could also not
be you know it's hard to say like yeah
where's the line right that's like the
biggest thing yeah or like talking about
boys could be like you know like hey
like you know keep yourself safe blah
blah blah or k be like yeah so would you
guys do last night yeah you know like it
could go like either way so it's it's
really hard to say you know yeah yeah
but I guess it's like important to
remember that like she's really young
that's that's the whole thing right like
there's a bit of a doubt yeah he's being
a good guy and helping you know looking
out for her but then it's like the you
have to remember that I think at the
time she was 14 when this happened this
is like last year right it was at 27
talk about the stranger thanks girl yeah
I'm you know Lee was like yeah when it
when this leaked a year ago yeah yeah so
hmm I don't know this was a topic there
isn't it though I'm like a you know what
what are the boundaries are when is it
like creepy versus weird versus like you
know etc the the scales of the
the scales of whatever it's like not a
not awkward or not not like questionable
to have like regular conversations about
yeah when you're thirty probably with
fifteen year olds generally probably not
a good idea at least of your celebrity
the next day seminary I survived Drake
yeah speaking of yeah creepy
uncomfortable things that are pretty bad
for your career which Terms of Service
our favorite conversation topic that
somehow always gets but no the other
thing
every other podcast we're back at it
again
so manga got banned for drinking I don't
think this is this controversial I mean
a lot of people have had this happen
right yeah so on donations or drinking
too much on stream and something they
can get you in trouble basically if you
look like you're engaging in any type of
behavior that could be self-destructive
I think twitch will pull the plug on you
pretty quickly it's kind of a thing they
do
so yeah just a little it's a little
funny to see that uh you know that they
got particularly enforced here a little
bit about what happened here in the
context so it was a it was football
Sunday if I recall correctly on Monday
Night Football
I forget which day it was actually but
either way mango is a big Philadelphia
Eagles fan and Philly had won the game
and or did when the game of the lose
game actually a member of who who won
but either way he he drank to celebrate
and or forget or ease the pain
they won okay they won right cool so so
they won he was he was lit he was livid
and I love it he was like who's lit and
he he he downed a lot of beer I don't if
he finished a six-pack row or what or it
was like a bunch of bottles and
eventually he was so he was so he was so
sauced for lack of a better term here
that he on camera he uh he falls over
knocking over the chair and kind of just
passes out for a few minutes and then
his girlfriend comes along and then
killed stream afterward buddy but he was
fine but I just passed out on stream
mm-hmm so well wait horn didn't hear it
didn't he come out and say that he
didn't actually passed out but he was
doing it for memes ooh that hell I don't
I don't know actually I think he came it
was either on Twitter something else he
claiming that he didn't actually pass
that he was doing it because he was
the problem though is that like and this
is something a lot of people don't
understand you can't mean
self-destructive things on Twitch
without it like you'll get in trouble
for it now you give out you know like if
my girlfriend's like off stream and I
walk over to her and I was like shut the
[ __ ] up and like she starts screaming
and like I come back and I don't say
anything about it and then the next day
I get Bannock about guys I was just
clapping like it was just a meme Connors
away you'll get [ __ ] for that like
twitches all even before I think yeah
even before the Community Guidelines
like twitch has done this do you
remember when trick2g caught a temp band
when he faked when he hope it was fake
swatted you remember this
did you Oh Kyle you know no I knew about
okay wait so the no no not the fake SWAT
no I'm afraid yeah trick2g got on he got
swatted and it was a yeah I was totally
fake they paid some people whatever wait
wait wait I remember okay wait I
remember someone getting fake swatted
there I got it sorry I'm so generic here
they were at a desk and then they like
turned around and like whoever it was
being swatted quote-unquote did the most
like unconvincing it was the most
amazing turnaround shock ever am i is it
celebration but I feel like I've seen
I've heard like a scripted I've got the
am I've got the video up I pulled it up
Jamie oh here it is dream this is
private property
tell Trk damn it just let her loose and
she'll just bark all over them or they
they will just [ __ ] pile up the duck
[ __ ] that they like [ __ ] it all over the
the what do you call it yes just go
stick
[Music]
it's pretty he was like smiling like as
it happened yeah yeah that reaction was
very um one thing I guess cuz twitch has
changed up quite a bit I don't know if
anybody remember this it's but a theme
challenged Alex Alex ik to a1b1 in
League of Legends
Bryce med I don't know why but uh he
faked being spotted too at the end when
he was losing which was kind of funny in
a pathetic sort of way because
apparently Alex wasn't even no no he
just faked being spotted so he wouldn't
have to bear the loss out and yeah he
didn't get in trouble for that though I
don't think so apparently um the one I
might be referencing here might be a
theme my saying is it seems incorrectly
[Music]
it's Alex eh sorry I don't know wow
great but that was a for a league of
legends game that's the one you're
familiar with or I'm trying to see now
that um let me see here they're saying
the one i'm describing might be that one
well the one that you talked where the
guy turned around i mean that was pretty
much him yeah it wasn't that one though
but it doesn't matter the point is yeah
like okay yeah so bud scripting
self-harm on twitch is a it's a giant
yeah you're you're you're kind of edging
a little too far there and you should
expect negative things happen from that
yeah I'll play a theme on real quick
it's like 20 seconds hold on go for it
what is that what what are you poking on
our door Wow
yeah like yeah that one either but a
perfect camera point to the people
walking in but like yeah the fake smoke
yeah I dude
but yeah no I yeah I got a few if you
fake self harm it's a it's mega
questionable to say the least here but
yeah regardless oh yeah mango gotta got
a seven day ban for for whatever
thinking that faking the pass out or
genuinely passing out whatever it may be
but also at the same time this week what
else we have here there was those a
bigger
there was actually a bigger story
concerning a TOS enforcement if I recall
correctly yeah one that makes me pretty
uncomfortable
so the deadmau5 guy the Australian the
the whole domestic abuse [ __ ] apparently
his initial band while not apparently
his initial ban was a temp ban so he was
unbanned he came back to twitch and then
he was remanded a I think and right kind
of makes me wonder if it's literally
like you know it was a temp in initially
blah blah blah but because it got so
much publicity we're gonna to go ahead
and turn this into a into a permit and
you know yeah I've kind of I've had a
couple talk with twitch about how
uncomfortable I am with the idea that it
kind of seems like bands sometimes go
based on what gets popular on like
livestream fails and [ __ ] but it kind of
seems like it does sometimes you know
yeah no I agree
press what was most scary here is a
initially III was I was corrected here I
thought that um he had another abuse get
reported to the local PD I get after he
got unbanned like he had like bees beat
his own no I don't think so or I hadn't
heard right I thought that initially and
I thought that
what escalated it to becoming a perma
ban at that point but to my knowledge
actually no he was unbanned after two
weeks and then for a full day or almost
a full day for almost 24 hours he was
unbanned he was streaming and there was
like a massive backlash from the trich
community in its entirety that like well
I see people get proper you know with
the with the just the the disgust of the
lack of standards right or inconsistent
standards you know you've seen people
get permabanned for far less than
domestic abuse or accuse domestic abuse
and here this guy gets a two-week not
even a permit for this kind of thing
that's crazy like if he can get away
with a two-week for doing this and what
does a what what's required for a perma
ban you know and it seems really
questionable on the ethics of the twitch
board which is trying to be you know
super duper inclusive right yeah I have
no idea I'm not sure it's all yeah yeah
it seems extra scary because it seems
like yeah there was it was going to be
only a two-week ban until the backlash
so there's like a social influenced
judgement on on the enforcement of TOS
it seems which is even scarier right so
like if there's like any scene before
you've seen you've seen before here we
have you've had like Twitter mobs go
hardcore when ultimately the wrong
direction due to inconclusive evidence
nothing that's a case here though but
like um if there was like you know I
guess social justice applications for a
particular person or thing and it's
ultimately in the wrong in in hindsight
at that we have conclusive evidence here
if twitch caves into that social
pressure without knowing all the facts
you could see would be a super error
based enforcement of tos right now and
that's quite fine it is a scary yep
definitely I agree yeah I don't think
there's anything else to say there
that's probably not a you know tle the
overwatch player you didn't get a chance
to look up too much on this who man so
again the context here i am not i don't
play overwatch and i'm not super duper
familiar with overwatch league but yeah
at first okay so there's two parts their
story right because at first we had our
first i don't is it was le quote-unquote
the first ever the first ever female to
recruited into contenders or whatever
for overwatch yeah yeah yeah yeah and
there was a lot of discussion being had
hear about all the accusations of Ellie
here we are getting a reinforcement of
the the toxic treatment that females go
through in eSports or even just in
competitive gaming in general because
you know if a guy is good at a game it's
no big deal but if it's a female good at
a game it's oh she got carried or oh
it's a you know you're getting you're
getting boosted or I don't even think
you're really a girl
you know there's immediate skepticism if
you're if you're a female and a high
ranking game of any kind of competitive
aspect right not to much as additional
harassment in flaming speak because of
you know the scapegoat of you know of
your gender being thrown out there time
time again well so there was a there was
a coefficient being has there about
about that you know and then ultimately
eventually uh Ellie who didn't who
didn't use webcam never never anything
never you know didn't use voice at first
for a very very long while quit quits
overwatch and then there was a big
discussion being had here about like
here we go again talks the treatment of
females and gaming or something
something to that note here but then
there's a plot twist right yeah pretty
much it comes out that the second one
team wasn't able to get any the
information verified from blizzard about
who it was or or I guess they get
information back from blizzard that
pretty much show that this person wasn't
who they said they were and then it
turns out that you know the claim is
although the huge claim that comes out
as a hotel just a social experiment
after I guess she got caught
yeah so who do we have here what's his
um what's his name um it's a predator I
forget against with a P um I had it here
some of the guy that the person that was
actually playing yeah
oh [ __ ] hold on was it Punisher hold on
I have to like - yeah crackles yeah some
like random top 500 ladder player
whatever run yeah correct yeah so at
what point during the social experiment
predator came on Punisher again I'm
sorry Punisher Punisher come on - uh -
le stream to be the voice of credit to
say that no Ellie's a real person I know
them or something - that - that
and and not only that but the that sorry
it's a guy wrong it's a predator
Punisher it splits Punisher right
Punisher yeah okay yeah Punisher had
multiple female accomplices be the voice
of Ellie during set streams so you had
you know females acting out as Ellie's
voice while they while playing overwatch
and then you had a Punisher coming in
reinforcing as a voice of credit here
that Ellie's legitimate and this one big
orchestrated social experiment that
seems really dumb the do because I don't
think it was a social experiment I think
they just got caught and it was just
dumb I this I don't think this whole
like lol social experiment by the way is
is the way to go on this pretty sure
they just got caught in five like
alright okay okay especially because I
tried to play it off after it was like
oh like that you could see how hard it
is you know for women to make it in
gaming like we like proved our point you
know I was like okay yeah so that so the
Ellie person I don't think was ever real
person it was um it was a friend of her
maim Aspen was the one that I think this
dream and kind of revealed everything
that yeah that then everything was like
a social experiment or that you know the
player Ellie was actually Punisher and I
don't think they know yet who like the
voice was for Ellie during anything
screams anything and yeah yep okay weld
me it's just okay so if not I agree okay
so the social experiment I guess uh
alibi was like you know whatever cuz we
got caught so the mole was the intention
here what was even the point like if it
wasn't to conduct a social experiment
why even have the what's the motive to
fake of a person into the overwatch
League um I don't know supposedly on
aspirin stream she was saying that like
the the whole point was to show how
difficult it was be a woman in gaming
that was part of like the social
experiment or some [ __ ]
but um yeah I don't know I don't know
like what the ultimate point was if the
guy just wanted a chance to play you
know in contenders League if it was just
a big me to see if they could [ __ ] with
people or well history is is is there
like any kind of money
benefit involved bike in this guy like
effectively compete twice in the league
and get double the prize money is that
what that possibility could like
Punisher and again Punishers all here
le both being at the same time that is
it was out of thing ever
yeah I don't know yours I don't know how
the whole thing works on yeah I'm not
sure slashers telling me that it was
basically just to [ __ ] with people
that's what he's saying as far as I'm
aware of I don't think Punisher ever
made any public comments whatever
responded any comments at least I'm not
too kkatalk he didn't respond to
anything but um yeah I guess maybe it
was literally just to [ __ ] with people
Sasha always says that uh it also says
there is an actual le whose friends
slash girlfriends with Punisher and was
helping him through the whole thing but
yeah I don't know oh I'm sorry
slasher says he has the exclusive wait
am I allowed to say your name on this
maybe I shouldn't have said his name
sorry but yeah apparently but maybe he's
gonna probably something ivory but
apparently he said Punishers literally
was just doing it to [ __ ] with people so
gotcha gotcha
I got another person here actually
saying that um he wasn't picked up by
contenders because he wasn't good enough
as a guy but under the premise of being
a girl it was a little more lucrative to
be picked up at that point so but I
don't know bets conclusive or not though
but that's a interesting if that
actually was the case but yeah social
experiment lol so yeah just a little bit
frustrating this whole thing go down
here that if that's actually true I
should wait until he releases ship if
that's actually true that he got
rejected from joining but then under
playing the same play style or whatever
under a woman's name was accepted that's
actually kind of interesting if that's
true right that could kind of show some
yeah those stuff yeah cuz we yeah every
every lead once more you want more
diversity you want more girls than or
any like you I'm thinking back here
right um mmm don't want to I don't want
to bring up Starcraft 2 lore into this
year but um scarlet right um wasn't
scarlet like what things that Scarl go
through in her climb to a competitive uh
talk to your Starcraft what about wait
what seems preserve a question about
scarlet like just you know in general
though like the the appeal of having um
I see I see appeal but like okay I kind
of get here right now that yeah any any
League would want would want females
because like oh I think it's a little
different though when it comes to
Starcraft because like you can pick up
players and it's whatever its general
you don't view in StarCraft or at least
people wouldn't view it as like if one
player gets picked up you're costing
another player a spot or as on team
sports
that is how its viewed right no it
you're right sorry you're right I'm
making a very invalid point I apologize
you're right it's a whole different
thing obscene dynamics well I mean like
it's a valid point but but yeah I think
the dynamic is lot different because on
a team game you really do feel like
someone can be picked and then you get
not picked and it [ __ ] you because it's
not like there's another whole team you
can just jump on you know whereas in
stock up you can just pick up
individuals yeah gotcha gotcha okay yeah
some people in chat are saying the LA
account had a higher rank than Punishers
may never did recently for your
information but hmm-hmm yeah but well I
guess I can't say I mean could that have
also been like script though as well
like to like have he scripted getting
better at the game or scripting you know
I'm saying scripting sandbagging but
maybe I maybe I don't know oh using like
you're like feeding or in ting or some
[ __ ] in game that could be like a you
know how far advanced was a social
experiment conducted quote-unquote but I
mean I'm not here to like did offend
that though I don't know maybe we'll
revisit it a week and see what all comes
out about it everything yeah instead of
the hardcore speculation but yeah this
is boring did you watch the Trump
address last night
our obligatory in politics topic no no I
did I didn't watch it
I was busy streaming on four uh sorry I
didn't dance about that but I can only
imagine like I can guess what it was you
know herder fear-mongering we need the
wall we need the wall now and I don't
know did he actually declare no he
didn't do anything this [ __ ] there's not
even anything to talk about it was
basically it's more of the same we need
it we need a wall the government
shutdown it's gonna keep going until we
get the wall and protect Americans and
dumb [ __ ] I don't know yeah it's pretty
well well can we um can we can we talk
about at least the repercussions that
are coming because if I recall correctly
here now we're on day 18 of the
government shutdown
we're on fast-track for having the the
all-time record which I think was from
695 fro because it was 21 days back then
what's uh is there any complications are
gonna come here they're gonna get really
really dire if this goes on for much
longer
i I it's it's hard to say I don't know
like you said it I think was 95 we had
the
it was like a 22 or 21 day government
shutdown and then we're coming up on
that now I have heard people complain
about like so for instance like the IRS
I think if you're trying to get a refund
processed or whatever I think they're
functioning it like 15 percent of their
staff so you're not gonna get a refund
until they or it's gonna be super
delayed you know until that happens I
can think of a couple things actually so
you're right IRS is gonna get a big
delay mm-hmm there was a story there was
a story about one of the federal parks I
guess certain trees being kind of like
vandalize or not having park workers
there to clean up and [ __ ] on one of
those parks is gonna have to shut down
because they're Joshua trees or whatever
it is getting [ __ ] I've heard things
about like welfare benefits like food
stamp funding and whatnot there's a lot
of stuff that is that could potentially
get [ __ ] as well yeah there's a lot of
weird [ __ ] going on yeah yeah food
stamps particularly a snap
it runs on I think it requires like I
think 4.5 billion per month to operate
and they have like a reserve of 3 to 5
billion but they're gonna be running out
of that pretty soon if they don't get
turned back on your right the national
parks or another thing because there's
no workers being paid or employed to
like take care of who's it who's coming
in coming out those national parks so
you have a you have a out of it's all
like homeless people or what but people
are just going into parks in mass and
there is um any tiny toilets
any any trash cans or bins are all
overfilled over [ __ ] it in and it's
really really bad from what I heard you
have TSA agents because they're running
out of reduce staff capacity now I don't
know again how much of how much of them
are working all my covers are fun or
just like or what but I have heard some
people are saying that that the
airport's now you're seeing like a third
the typical TSA agents currently so if
you're traveling you time soon yeah
gonna deal with some TSA shenanigans at
this point until the til it gets kicked
back on from the government uh-huh there
is nothing here to I'm sure just you
know federal workers right now there I
make at this point now you're you're for
federal workers your first paycheck is
not gonna come this at this point
because of you've been you've been out
of work for 17 18 days now yeah so for
the like the 50% of Americans or
whatever who live paycheck to paycheck
um okay bills getting that paid your no
check bills not getting paid I'm really
that was I was way off seventy-eight
percent of full-time workers say they
live paycheck to paycheck so Yanks
that's gonna be a pretty shitty if
you're a government employee and you'd
kind of waiting to get paid and it's
just not coming yeah damn yeah yeah I
just don't know and if I recall
correctly here a Mitch McConnell could
is he's not the one who can like you
know I guess do something about it like
facilitate things rabbito side with well
the problem is that like Trump has said
that he will veto anything that doesn't
include funding for the wall that was
this is like the big problem with with I
think a lot of this is like originally I
think pence was the go-between and had
gotten deals okayed from Trump and then
gotten a deal okayed from Congress and
then went back to Trump and Trump was
like hey [ __ ] off and and actually like
stabbed like pence in the back look
really bad because the ax deals that he
was going to Congress with that he said
it'll be cool we can do this like Trump
wasn't accepting and yeah I wonder if
that's if that's like the situation I
can think of here where if I recall
correctly when that when the mister that
was getting threatened Democrats
actually caved in and and gave him well
yeah they which was astoundingly [ __ ]
stupid me I couldn't I'm actually so
upset just reading that the Democrats
are willing to meet in the middle and
even give that much and I can't believe
that Trump didn't jump on that because
the optics for that seemed so [ __ ]
good that he would he would have been
able to get two point five billion
dollars from Democrats for the [ __ ]
wall in exchange for anything like Daka
shirt or whatever like I couldn't even
[ __ ] believe that a lot of people in
try to bring up the idea that
Republicans could do it with a
supermajority but man having to like you
know steamroll your president that way
it looks so [ __ ] bad politically like
holy [ __ ] yeah yeah so that's where we
are right now with that uh he did an
address like you said boring we're on
day 18 I don't know how far it's gonna
go here but yeah dude you're gonna see
food stamps food stamp supplies on on a
run out you're gonna see you're already
seeing a lot of others get affected
right now
um I don't know we'll see how far it
goes
uh huh not to mention there's nothing
here to as far as like I mean do it
you're right it's kind of boring I don't
want to argue over the optics of like
the wall but like they're calling for
the wall when in reality most of most of
the drugs come in from the checkpoints
whether it be like failed inspections
from vehicles or trailers that are
smuggling end stuff if that's like their
dire concern is that the the the legal
drugs coming yeah I don't know if people
think that like it's like all the fast
the furious where they're literally just
like driving cars like through the
desert in order to like get them to the
United States but like a lot of these
just come in via normal shipments like
hitting on trucks and [ __ ] also a lot of
sense being delivered to be a CN air now
too
like yeah yeah the whole wall thing is
just real [ __ ] dumb I agree that we
need to do something about drugs we have
like drones that can carry like seventy
pound packages and travel like double
this be they have now in 50 years the
walls gonna be like so archaic and like
non effective on enforcing anything
whatsoever but yeah they get to it
though is that uh yeah drugs coming in
through the checkpoint ports and if
anything you'd want to see if you want
to enforce that kind of the the problems
you're having with right now whatever
you'd want to see investment on
technology that would have like I don't
know like super x-ray radiation where
you can just see the drugs through
scanning right like you want intelligent
scanning I don't think you really need a
wall if you want to I mean we don't need
a wall we need a dome right yeah yeah we
need to cover the entirety of the United
States yeah keep out all the icky people
all right just keep it all whatever yeah
yeah also think can we please kill this
analogy we're like the why free time
here this is such a childish thing
analogy like you build a wall you have a
door to keep people out of your house
don't you
so we shall wall to keep people I don't
record me yeah Trump said it last night
in his address he used that same analogy
and it's like these are dissing algis
like letting somebody into a country is
not the same as like letting someone
into your [ __ ] house like these are
very very very very very different types
of things but oh god I look it's a meme
argument that I can't even believe like
people still on ironically say it but
that's some Facebook meta [ __ ] right
they're like yeah that's this will get a
lot of votes or whatever thumbs up on my
facebook wall
yeah alright well that's all I got free
there there's a segment on CNN where a
guy like I don't know I don't know what
his dude's name was we law he lost his
[ __ ] over the whole like he like between
him it's like I'm sorry Charlie Kirk
drives me insane this guy on CNN drove
me and Charlie Kurt do you know anything
he's the guy that does a lot of the
preggers you stuff that guy is [ __ ]
insane he is so [ __ ] stupid my dream
he's like within reach for me to debate
to one day I'm gonna [ __ ] get in
front of this guy he's such a piece of
[ __ ] he's so funny he's like dude I saw
one tweet from like a mutual mutual who
like was replying to one of his tweets
and I thought okay I just I knew I know
he's like a little bit out there but I'm
like okay cool all this tweets pretty
terrible I'll engage in it or whatever
all like read until what he's saying huh
ah nice entire time lines of 24/7
propaganda for the wall why only a
memory
it's a Democrats fault before the
midterms you guys had like majority
everything like why didn't you get the
money get the wall pass then why why are
you blaming Democrats now like now that
is crazy how ineffective the Republicans
have been controlling so much of the
government what the [ __ ] where where's
our where was our health care
replacement you know they couldn't even
repeal the ACA they already members a
man daily I can't believe how
ineffective the Republicans have been in
Congress it's actually amazing to me
it's unbelievable
holy [ __ ] who would a new health care so
complicated yeah I can't even believe
the famous quote but yeah these just
another like Koch brothers bought chill
pack I I actually want the gag we're
going to whose Twitter tamo it's so bad
dude yeah but anyways that's like
another whatever time we're covering
yeah you do a whole episode on Turning
Point and a whole preggers you [ __ ] but
the the next we've brought this should
have been like the second or third topic
this is a pretty well maybe or maybe not
there's not maybe there's not touch to
say you read about the blizzard employee
that leaves during the due to racial
abuse yeah yeah
was named here his name is Jules right
but yeah we have a guy here who had a
pretty viral tweet here 2k retweets or
like our 4k likes real reason why I left
Blizzard Entertainment racial abuse and
discrimination so we have that here yet
another person saying that the that the
environment at Blizzard now is toxic and
not good another another big PR disaster
for Blizzard me yeah although on this
one reading this guy's story initially I
kind of like glanced through this like
I'd heard about this while ago I was
like oh yeah I guess the you know
company doing some [ __ ] up [ __ ] or
whatever and that sucks but looking into
this article this dude was super [ __ ]
mentally disturbed holy [ __ ] like he's
like ends the article or it ends to a
longer with like a suicide attempt it's
like it's very clear in reading this
that the person it's like a whole host
of kind of like mental issues you know
like this guy who's talking about like
Poppins Annie's daily to deal with like
panic attacks and [ __ ] the whole story
reads people by the way at peak three
different medications for anxiety and
show you like the story reads like it's
like the perfect like in cell fodder
where you know the guys like I'm being
bullied because they're saying that I'm
being a misogynistic just for being
Hispanic blah blah blah so like it fits
that narrative really well like I'll
look women are ruining the workplace by
you know faking the you know saying that
men are hating women just because of
their race and they're the real races
like I don't know did like reading that
whole thing was like super yikes
territory there was like so much
unnecessary information included in it
and just so many questionable decisions
like yikes yeah III feel really bad for
what happened but it's really hard for
me because if even just the way that he
presented it to take him at his word
because it's clear even reading his
version that he was like insanely
mentally disturbed like holy [ __ ] yeah
honestly okay so just a context we all
are here like okay so he had a he did a
tweet longer attached to that tweet that
went viral and let me just get what's
the character count here this thing is
so long it's so much blow to even digest
like what's what's like it vital to know
versus what's what's miscellaneous here
five thousand characters miss paceman
and it's like you have to go if they're
kind of likes lodged through like a lot
of a lot of stories here and there to
get to the and try to take the meat of
like ultimately here that uh yeah he was
he was cheated out of a few
opportunities that blizzard and then he
had a pietà supervisor that kind of like
[ __ ] the move again all his words here
who [ __ ] him over and claimed that he
not only was he not the reason that the
particular thing he was working on the
project of getting more attendees to
attend uh eSports events for Blizzard
but that he was also the he was the
Toxic one who didn't contribute anything
to the work environment so yeah a
typical case here is a typical but I
mean typical of my experience typical
case of corporate opportunistic
backstabbing where oh yeah you did they
looks good take all credit for it then
[ __ ] you over and and push you somewhere
else aside and that it was already again
you say before having stressful stresses
and anxiety attacks and then it
escalated to where he had to go for um
he had to get a what's it called
workplace leave um workman's comp or
medicated leave I think it's called a in
our corporate environment of the casino
held at FMLA family medical family our
medical leave of absence what we called
it yeah they leave of absence yeah
that's what it's we call it the thing
here I mean when he came back he got uh
you know the thing you wait for and and
I think in a typical corporate
environment you wait for the your
year-in-review right where they review
your metrics and what you've contributed
and whether or not you I guess either
get a raise or move departments or
whatever it may be and if from what it
seems like here he didn't get his 2016
review which would happen you know at
the end of 2016
slash early 2017 he didn't get his 2016
review until August 2017 at which point
again his boss kind of like slam them
down by saying that yeah I'm only gonna
focus on your negatives here of when you
left and abandon your team and let them
down rather than all the [ __ ] you should
have did this is all trivial obviously
cuz it yeah I because I get cuz I gets
to a very Looney point with the whole
the attempted suicide and and the the
medicines he was taking all the time and
some other crazy [ __ ] but yeah the the
the corporate environment being really
toxic at Blizzard doesn't surprise me it
can we come you thought of that for a
second actually yeah everyone to cuz
ever since this whole thing right ever
since
Activision merged or was acquired or
however I forget would order who did
what here but whatever Activision and
Blizzard merged and they promised that
things wouldn't change that this
wouldn't change the Blizzard culture I
called out numb on you I'm a little
familiar
Activision here I called out a million I
guess you call it now what ten years ago
almost ten years ago ten years ago that
yeah dude this is like it's gonna change
me like as long as you got Bobby Kotick
within shouting distance of anyone over
a blizzard it's gonna be revenue dry
first and [ __ ] the culture you guys got
a lucrative uh you guys have a lucrative
culture here at Blizzard where you guys
like you know are very active and
talking with your communities and having
them you know advocate for whatever
platforms you want to move onto next
well cool well I want to I want to milk
those people cuz they're they're
gullible wallets walking around here
let's [ __ ] go and so it's it's just
sad to see that um how many things how
far the mighty have come here this is a
just even before the whole Diablo a
mobile thing a mobile immortal whatever
it's all do you think what do you think
like what other bad impacts do you think
activation has had on the acquisition of
blizzard it's really hard I feel like
it's really hard to say how much you can
blame on the acquisition versus just
Blizzard itself like if you're going to
like the recent like I want to say the
failing of Blizzard games because that's
kind of extreme but like there's a lot
of people disappointed in why now you
know Starcraft 2 kind of fettered out
obviously heroes of the storm is getting
rolled into so massive games and should
so let me see here so you first thing
you have is um okay so by be codec while
he was like when it became the thing at
uh he single-handedly almost killed an
entire genre get definitely real quick
here at Activision when he was there
you saw Guitar Hero melt to such an
extreme that instrument peripheral based
rhythm games died a horrible [ __ ]
death like to the point even were like
rock band 3 and 4
despite them being like critically
acclaimed still couldn't sell because of
the saturation was so extreme from
Guitar Hero they're an admissions time
don't you think that's kind of like
standard though
like there was a popular game and it got
released and people [ __ ] love the [ __ ]
out of for years and then it kind of
came at one as a fad like hmm I guess
maybe but like I maybe I'm since it
because I worked at Gamestop at the time
so I worked the game stuff for those
four years and anecdote so I apologize
here but I saw like dude there was there
was so much man we sat on so much
inventory for Guitar Hero guitar hero
banne hero Guitar Hero Rock the 80s it
was just like every three months was
another thing they're just throwing out
there dude it's never it never [ __ ]
ended to me at least but yeah maybe I
can't have to like look into a bigger
like meta discussion to be had about
like the typical the tendencies of like
product cycles but I felt particularly
with Guitar Hero got milk to [ __ ]
oblivion I remember the reception with
our hero 1 & 2 being pretty great and
then bye and then three was like okay
and then from there just kept going and
going and going and going and it's like
I'm not sure if rhythm games are able to
be afforded that that yearly sequel
cycle that things like Call of Duty and
[ __ ] comes out like every [ __ ] year
right and it still seems to do it's
pretty pretty volatile though I would
say right I guess I don't know
that's a love/hate thing though for me I
would say I don't know cuz like right I
remember okay cuz I remember at a point
in 2009 where like were getting three
maps for one DLC for 15 bucks was
controversial I was like wow you're
getting you only get three Maps or 15
[ __ ] dollars I'm on warfare - holy
[ __ ] codec slowed down now people bought
it up then you did just the scheme's get
further and further and further and now
here we are now we're blackops for had
no I had no single-player campaign and
that was okay
I would keep seeing more and more and
now the that's pretty insane to me that
that game came out with no campaign
heard because they charge full price for
a multiplayer game that's pretty crazy
to me yeah and then and then but then
like the new thing though the newest
scheme was the UH so there was praise
because black ops for had no
microtransactions upon its initial
release and then the written word
reviews come out okay yeah it has no
single player campaign but it's let's be
really wrong playing it for the online
multiplayer so so we'll let that slide
but hey they they'll interact no
microtransactions and they
soon as metacritic is done and all the
written word is out from all the
publications about the praising of that
one month later we're trying to turn on
all the [ __ ] dude and it's like it looks
like a freakin a free mobile game of
model of shill and garbage everywhere in
your $60 MSRP call duty game and plan
and this is everywhere dude so they know
what they were doing man I did that
dirty dirty man they dissipate for the
written word to come out then these will
put it right back to where they want for
all their bread and butter for the
revenue generators so yeah the despotic
orcs there's a slimy weasel lizard
something I know an insert metaphor of
choice here so knowing that he's
anywhere within shouting distance a
blizzard who has like a very lucrative
culture to be to be corrupted and to be
abused doesn't surprise me
now as for what what things concern me
about Blizzard well I feel like Blizzard
right there they have they have been
very prolific on releasing a game
quote-unquote when it's ready when it's
perfectly like when a blizzard boosts a
game whether it be a sequel or whatever
it's a it's an epic event and I feel
like the the idea of the yearly
expansions I remembered I was a common
complaint here I could be wrong about
this here but the the common complaint
from the Wow crowd was that there just
wasn't a lot to do and then to kind of
like and that bosom was kind of like
scraping the ground to figure out more
things to throw at the next expansion
every year and I've been just more than
that though I think it's confidence that
would be more qualified to have like I
don't know asmin gold on or someone else
yeah really big in the well but the
points I've heard here at the Iowa it's
not been the same player players plays
have been dropping for a long time now
and there's been I mean just a solid at
this point now honestly I saw a decade
of complaining about like how the game
is not what it used to be so you have
that you have what's the other thing
here - is it fair for me - can I can I
can I complain on overwatch - because
like I might have an overwatch player
but whatever I the whole like the whole
like tracer is is is homosexual and
that's like super progressive that to me
was just like a I mean am i all I am
definitely more for gay representation
or even just representation in general
and media think it's a great thing but
that to me seemed like a sue
for a PR move right there I don't I so I
understand the argument for this
especially now with a soldier 76 thing
as well that they seem like PR arguments
one thing that I had to be really
careful of here though and that I would
urge the same thing is I think that when
we think of things as PR not only like I
think it can reveal some underlying
biases that we have so for instance if
we are watching a video or something and
it's revealed that like a past person
had like a girlfriend or something then
you know we kind of think like okay yeah
whatever who cares but if we find out
that the character was gay all of a
sudden because it doesn't fit like our
expectations of what we'd expect
somebody to be well now it has to be a
PR move and I try to be really careful
that because if you apply that same
thinking in real life it fails hardcore
right so like people will see somebody
like Trace here or soldier 76 and we
hear all these arguments that sound good
like I'm like okay well like if a
character is gonna be gay like you need
a good story reason for it to be gay
like why would you just have this
character being gay for no reason like
are you trying to score points at her
and it's like okay but you know in real
life people aren't usually gay for a
reason like people just are you know
it's like if it comes out as part of a
person's backstory that somebody happens
to be gay or trans or whatever other
[ __ ] [ __ ] you know that that's like it
I think it I think our default reaction
because it's not the norm is to think
that like oh well like what the [ __ ] is
the reason for this but I I think that
that kind of reveals like an underlying
part of our thought process that maybe
should be change where it's like oh well
actually wait hold on I guess this
person could just be gay I just assume
everybody is straight and if you know if
they're not that like is a little
jarring to me you know okay and then for
overwatch I'm a Laker none of it is like
so III take issue with being a pic
compared to the Dumbledore stuff and
some people discriminate on this but
like the Dumbo blue stuff bothered me
because the story and everything to
Harry Potter is very important and I
thought that the story implications for
him being a lover to Grindelwald or
whatever I thought that was something
that I would have liked to seen
elaborated on a little bit in the
stories and people will claim because
there's one sentence about them
traveling together that it actually was
kind of hinted at but like I feel like
that would have been somewhat relevant
but the first for overwatch lore I mean
like the game is already like a
multiplayer game with no single player
and like revealing little tidbits of
lore through comics is like whatever
whether they're gay or trans or
I don't know that if it matters as much
as that's revealed through the lorina
hmm all right I guess I just can't like
um maybe I just I felt maybe because I
felt something more for um was it Ellie
in Last of Us right um
yeah like maybe I maybe I was comparing
one meeting to the other and I'm like
yeah I wish this was like I wish maybe
because I'm passionate about
representation I wish it was like taking
a little bit more seriously or Knight's
not slightly done it's like some like
random backstory
maybe my critique would be in that more
so it's I feel like laughs yeah really
and again I understand like I understand
that thing but again like and it sounds
really weird I guess like maybe the way
that I would maybe the way that I would
try to phrase this to make it more
personal it's like you find out that
some guy has a backstory or how would
you feel I guess if somebody had a
backstory and they're like in a quick
thing there's like a picture of him
hanging out with his best friend and his
best friend was black and everybody is
like writing out like I don't understand
why you would give him a black best
friend like I mean like he's white it
makes more sensitive you friends with a
white person like it just seems kind of
weird that like it seems like you're
coming brownie points today like he
would have like a best fellow's black
and like I imagine like the responsive
like okay well hold on like who the [ __ ]
cares if he had a black dress for like
why does it matter that much and I think
that like as somebody that might be gay
I think the feeling would be similar
it's like okay well we just found out
that a person happen to be gay like why
is it a big deal why does this need
further justification why do you have to
write this in as a big thing like why
couldn't that just be the way the
character is you know you know fair
point you're right I what you bring them
here is actually very correct III can't
I can't comment on that one any further
uh-huh you're right my disgust about
division goes very very deep yeah a lot
of blizzard people probably feel the
same a blizzard as well you know yeah
I'm just thinking maybe like just some
you're right I can I can envision here
to some dudes out in the marketing in
the marketing department being like yeah
we need you know we can get you nowhere
more wallets are they'll beat you the
lbgtq at so let's go ahead and give them
give them something here and then they
they give that assignment to the
write-in department and then at that
point when they're when there's no risk
involved to having an openly gay
characters when they move forward with
it sure um I think the thing that makes
it difficult is people feel like the
reason why people feel like it's being
done for brownie points is probably
because when every character comes out
because of the way society works we just
assumed
every single character is like
heteronormative straight like binary or
whatever like there's just that
assumptions being made so when a comic
or Laura's released we it feels like
we're retconning like wait a sec if so
do 76 can't be gay because you always
assumed it was straight but it's like
you never really had a reason to assume
that that's just like why you know
you're just like oh it must be because
he is because you never think anything
different you know yeah so yeah maybe I
should also uh I skim the comic Bob some
I'm not savvy and over walks so I can't
I can't comment any further on on if I
thought it was well done I here was well
done though the comic itself retraced
yeah sure and then also to be fair it
could be a PR move as well like it they
could have been like oh we want to
increase it a little bit you know much
like I'm sure there was a lot of thought
that went into like doing like a that's
two big conglomerates coming together
dude I that's why I find it so hard to I
mean give me my anti corporation just
really showing Harlan that one's just
like okay dude sure although and again
but to be fair though just because
something's a PR move doesn't
necessarily make it bad as well right
like there are a lot of PR moves where
people are like hey are like in Chipotle
that when you go to Chipotle they always
have it listed like this these are like
our whatever asaurus like in ethically
good ways or whatever or like Starbucks
does it like oh you know we only do
whatever coffee you know free bean
coffee or whatever the [ __ ] it's called
you know and those are PR moves as well
but they could arguably be good things
you know well on that note can you tell
me um cuz all right so here's thing up
I'm completely not to know about cuz
again I don't know overwatch that well
well what's this whole thing about 76
this character who's now does that
happened this week right there's a guy
it was a comic released and I think like
in the comic and like one frame there's
like a picture frame of him talking
about like an old boyfriend or something
and I think that was so now who's he who
who who 76 it's like a like a cowboy
with the pistol or whatever like what a
soldier 76 is a soldier guy I mean he's
just he's one of the characters he
playing overwatch is like he's like the
most like straight straight I was gonna
say straight shooter
ironic he plays like a like a normal FPS
like he's got like a rifle that shoots a
lot and like is all like let's you home
and and shoot up people and I think it
there was like a healing thing and
whatever Blake yeah he's just like one
of the characters not watching a play
yeah he's a straight shooter huh I guess
not
all right well yeah yeah he's uh this
guy is a back to the person or the
jewels yeah he's a little bit um yeah
definitely need some some therapy has a
lot of a lot of things going on here so
I'm some statice that it was amplified
further by what is what's undoubted me a
very really a questionable environment
to work in say the least
oh maybe yeah it's just hard to tease
out because like he said it all is like
like a like a harassment thing or like
whatever a race a racist thing because
apparently that woman was going out on
him being Mexican which which may be
true right I don't know it's how to say
[ __ ] reading a story look so bad but
like yeah there's kind of echoes a lot
of what I've said about like dick the
game industry like working for a game
developer and Generals are really
Breughel dudes are like some of the most
brutal [ __ ] software to have jobs or
industry jobs you can get like there's a
[ __ ] ton of crunch time the pay is not
as competitive as other types of
software engineering jobs and like yeah
these jobs are very [ __ ] high-stress
crazy [ __ ] jobs and if you're not
like a certain type of person I'm gonna
like super built for that kind of thing
I could see you getting overwhelmed very
[ __ ] easily any of you are these
people you don't still get overwhelmed
yeah yeah that's the one thing I
actually bought that's up here that's
the one thing I do want to say is a
seems more common than I would like it
to be and that's the that's the crunch
culture man like he's talking about here
how he regularly did was this here 60 to
80 hour work weeks sometimes over a
hundred hours and under certain
conditions and I heard I've heard
similar things about a lot of places
dude EA had the similar thing going on
for I forgot what game was it Mass
Effect 3
I forget which game under EA's division
had like the the big lawsuit for crunch
later maybe was maybe was Infinity Ward
under Activision for modern warfare 3 I
forget which one was honestly but one of
those two had had a big lawsuit over
over crunch culture and then most
recently here we've had a we've had
Rockstar undertake to for Red Dead
Redemption to have crunch culture and
then I guess what you want to call
effort shaming cuz like if you um if you
find that the workload is too
irresponsible or too unhealthy or
whatever whenever you take on a rockstar
game
they if you difference by the way if you
eat jet from the production of any game
under rock star before the end of that
of when they want you there you get your
name move from the credits my baby they
try to claim you into a distinct don't
don't leave like this is part of you to
which seems uh
yikes a little bit questionable there I
would say uh huh I haven't heard that
you get dumped from the credits that's
pretty insane someone I try to saying
that the the visual effects industry in
films has an insane current called
crunch culture as well I imagine like
any of those like the intersection
between doing something in tech versus
something that's like art is is always
probably going to be ultra [ __ ]
brutal in terms of like competition and
workload and whatnot I've heard similar
things about like studio musicians you
know like the people that play jingles
and [ __ ] for commercials are like the
most talented [ __ ] musicians in the
world that like these are people were
like you walk in for certain gigs you
give them like a sheet of music and like
they will [ __ ] sight read or played
on anything instantly in a variety of
[ __ ] styles in a variety of ways
across a variety of instruments
perfectly the first [ __ ] time I'm
afraid like these are like the most
talented people in the world and that
their pay is not what you would
necessarily expect for somebody that has
like that level of talent and [ __ ] and
yeah and I imagine that all of that is
probably true for for any like
entertainment plus you know skilled
industry hmm can you elaborate I gave me
here so you're saying the people who do
jingles for commercials for just
basically like session or session or
studio musicians like the people that
would be hired to do like like to do
like film scores or that would play like
anything for like commercials or
advertisements or whatever or yeah that
like basically you would go to studio be
like hey like I need this piece of music
played or whatever and you'd grab some
of these guys and these people are
insanely [ __ ] talented so they're
super so they get like yeah you have to
be yeah of course yeah cuz the more you
can do the more applications you can fit
yeah I'm okay mm-hm that is true I've
heard about that you know it's funny
though I've also heard so it's a kind of
little minor tangent here but while they
are super versatile I've also heard that
these uh because what's come to mind for
me now are these the trailer voice
people the epic movie voice there's like
I hear it's actually a huge monopoly and
that they also like they alternatively
make a killing doing that I don't know
it's not really relevant right now isn't
there like one guy who does a lot of
that like the guy he replaced three
nerds like three guys it's like three
guys and the most popular one is like an
older gentleman like in his uh in his
60s and he's so good at what he does
that he mandates that everyone's like
Hill Hill Paulo up was like 60 different
gigs and just knock them all out in one
session at a recording studio in LA
mm-hmm there's a there's a there was a
YouTube video about him I forgot what's
his name is though but like that guy
makes like millions a year from what I
hear mic cuz uses that good and you can
really tell to because it's the kind of
thing where you can't um like you hear
him do a voice and then you hear anyone
else in there and they're no when your
epic is that the top guy does it right
now I should apparently I'm talking
about died Oh a couple years ago well
right mom
so but yeah actually irrelevant to the
point you were getting I hear though
about the about the crunch culture yeah
yeah so um yeah it looks a little out
here though I hope things work out
better do we have any official response
from Blizzard yet because this cuz the
tweet and question here happened two
days ago um he came out this um around
midnight on January 7th so it's been you
know a day and a half as has Blizzard
acknowledged anything here do we know I
don't think so I feel like I would have
heard of was good it actually responded
to this yeah so I don't think they won't
yeah probably what do they gain my
evening by even giving it more publicity
right so just should run the drug
probably so well okay so we cover it all
covered all that was a pretty
action-packed news week I would say yeah
kind of really I feel like it's a little
lighter on the yeah yeah maybe people
we're getting better at the pacing of it
because we were though there's like less
down time and more uh more or more
chunky meat yeah
reddit questions yeah yes do some reddit
questions me poke on in here and see uh
that's California time man have you um
do you go out a lot
do you have like people that you hang
out with or anything in real life or do
you normally stay on all the time yeah I
got
friends um well that wasn't like a
personal attack I wasn't like going in
her way you [ __ ] neat piece of [ __ ]
you ever get out of the [ __ ] house
you virgin [ __ ] dude let me just clarify
that so I have friends do I go outside
regularly okay I want to say I I do go
outside regularly I do because I go I go
to the gym and I workout three times a
week but here's the thing right so I I
shaved um you know I have a dad some
facial hair I had a beard I did a clean
shave after I've growing a beard for
like a full year like last November
mm-hmm and I have a little snow but I'd
like a two-tone face like I I i was pale
and wear my fishing here would normally
grow for like half a year straight and I
thought okay yeah not big deal it's
gonna it's gonna it's gonna you know
even out in tones I was I go outside
right it didn't actually it's still it's
still noticeably paler then then my
other my regular non non hair face skin
complexion so my conclusion here is that
I don't go outside often enough
apparently to have a balanced uh facial
skin tone so apparently I don't go
outside though I do have friends so okay
cool one of the things I was worried
about for coming to California was at UM
in Nebraska obviously I never [ __ ]
went out because I don't have any
[ __ ] friends or anybody in like
Nebraska that does anything that I do
I've got a lake I'll was like my one
real-life friend and we would go out to
eat like once a year but other than that
I didn't really have anything to do so
cuz but now that I'm in California I've
been going out like every single [ __ ]
night I'm one of the things I was
worried about yeah was it like I don't
know if it'll cut into my stream [ __ ] I
started getting to socials oh look at
you making friends is pretty good well
then again though you know what it is -
they like you're out if you're out
Nebraska it's like you know where the
overlaps with the UM with like the
twitch culture yeah that's what I mean
there's like no one there that I know at
all whereas here there's like yeah a ton
of [ __ ] people everywhere here yeah
you know what's up I'm sorry guys I
wanna go into like a minor change about
that cuz like I came across a massive
realization just even like two months
ago on my stream I was talking about how
I think that nature I'm introverted
because I've never been one to want to
go to like a typical like I'm gonna call
it Normie bar but
go to like a typical normal Norma bar
where it's like people drink and [ __ ]
and it's like to me like a bar or a
nightclub seemed they they exhaust me I
feel like I have to put on a show or put
on like some kind of facade to like
engage with everyone there because I
don't know what the [ __ ] talk about cuz
I'm not really a big drinker and I'm not
really a big nightclub bar person thing
whatever and I didn't understand sigh
[ __ ] it was like it was draining my
social battery went up I'm into
situations particularly before I was a
streamer and I was um I was like a
regular like waiter and I'd go out my
waiter friends because they were like
you know I mean you never go out you
[ __ ] [ __ ] come out with us bro and
then I would go out with them and they'd
want to get me like shit-faced and then
I'm like like clearly past buzz I'm like
partially drunk and just not having not
really enjoying it
well anyways though I um it came to my
realization though that I would tell
them how I hated those normal outings
but I really enjoyed the the twitch
parties
whenever I've go the PAX West or pax
prime or twitchcon I go to those parties
I go to the discord party where I'm
around other streamers there's a lot of
like Mutual's and I and we all have
obvious / overarching things we could
talk about do it's phenomenal like I'm
like I want to drink I'm having a great
time and it was so it's so obvious to me
but I didn't realize it so told me you
know how you feel when you're at a
discord party or at which party or or
you know any kind of streamer gathering
that's how all the regular people feel
when they go to a regular bar nightclub
and I was like oh I didn't until until
like this year I'm an idiot
so I kept looking at it yeah I don't
think I could do like the drinking every
night thing even well I guess my cat
well I don't know what the point of ring
is if you don't get like real drunk I
guess people like being bust or whatever
is that I yeah makes them feel good
I'm not a mother I drink I just is to
get [ __ ] up I don't know I've never
understood the point of just being
buzzed here it doesn't seem like
enjoyable to me so [ __ ] it but I don't
think I could do that every table V
ously every single night like drinking I
guess is fun like occasionally but
generally just like hanging out and
chatting with people are getting food or
doing something a lot of people I'm
around like I can't it's like the whole
idea of I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm home
alone I have no friends I'm gonna order
a pizza for myself and then and then
chug like a six-pack of beer like to me
that that seems really weird
like I can't imagine drinking alone
seems really weird to me yeah if you're
not like an alcoholic I don't know why
you would yeah but that's just me out uh
yeah yeah so uh I don't know you can ask
I hear what's more depressing ordering a
pizza for yourself or like alone or or
drinking by yourself which ones which
ones worse or are they both like the
same thing well wait no wait hold on I'm
sorry I would spurn with ordering a
pizza by yourself wait what oh this is
like it was comic strip post here like
okay it says ship post under the idea
that a pizza is a social food like it's
not something to be convinced of for
your guy shows up at your house and you
get like one small pizza like a two
liter spread you're like thanks - yeah
yeah okay so that's the ship post was
not not a serious thing like I mean I'm
the mad if it like if okay
hypothetically here if I was going to
like binge out and I don't know like
watch like Lord of the Rings one through
three like hell yeah daughter a pizza
order a pizza and [ __ ] kill the whole
thing over an eight hour sitting like
give a [ __ ] so I don't I don't leave you
on that one there's just kind of it was
the funny little little [ __ ] post okay
it is a little thing I didn't chad jack
i triggered when i Bryce said that cuz I
was like a little social experiment on
them see if they would a little social
experiment okay okay I'm gonna remember
that one yeah it's my terminology right
there so but okay yeah so uh yeah you've
been so you've been going out in LA and
then you've been having a great time
that correct hell yeah [ __ ] yeah yeah
that's awesome man yeah you know it was
funny though they said um I can think of
a similar comparison with uh when I was
a right so whenever you were a manager
at your restaurant and I was a waiter at
my restaurant uh-huh what happened in
the work environment was so stressful
that I felt like I needed a strong like
after party relieve activity to like
come down from how [ __ ] [ __ ] tilts it
I would get off of work because I'd be
it'd be so frustrating every single
night but you know tunco I'd have like
you know to walk outs over some [ __ ]
or I'd have like a you know just
mentally draining dude having a walk out
happen because I could thing beyond your
control because the food was taking too
long or the food was burnt or like the
the
cook of the reorder was still [ __ ] up
or whatever maybe and um yeah oftentimes
I would want to like uh I don't know
just like looking go out or do something
I want like I was - I'd have to calm
down so I feel like um if you get like
really stressed or something like that
off of streaming like yeah yeah going
out would be a great outlet to
compensate for that I'm sure now that
you have that problem Lawson yeah no I
enjoy what you're talking about though
is um am I missing phone calls what
you're talking about though is
definitely real I noticed that that when
I was doing traditional work you
absolutely needed like I don't know if
you would call them sanctuaries or safe
places or whatever but like if you had
multiple structural foundational
problems in your life you were [ __ ] so
like an example this would be like at
the workplace like you had to be cool
with your employees unless one customers
start giving you [ __ ] you have to have
like that little island to retreat to
where you can like talk [ __ ] like it's
like if you get a customer that's an
[ __ ] it's cool as long as you like
other employees that you know you can
kind of like [ __ ] around with about it
like Jesus Christ guys horrible but like
I noticed like Oh Knights were you were
having problems with like employees and
customers these are like the worst
[ __ ] times of your life because the
whole time there is like hell or if
you've got like a good relationship or
if you've got something fun to do at
home like as long as you have like these
little areas to retreat to for me at
least that like helped a lot you know
like even if I have a [ __ ] day at work
at least I can do something after that's
fun or relaxing or something to like
unwind or get away from it but when
multiple like institutions and your life
start failing
holy [ __ ] like that can pile up and like
[ __ ] with you so [ __ ] quickly you
know what you're breaking up but
actually a really good point here
because while I was a waiter for the
most time at Chili's there was a brief
six-month period in like 2008 where I
worked at a fancy restaurant um I I had
heard through in front of a friend I was
a terrible idea to bat but if I if I got
out of the [ __ ] hole that his casual
dining and went into higher higher price
dining that things would get better that
things are like way better if you can
get into him he's like lucrative serving
jobs at a high-end restaurant but I
would enjoy it more actually no it was
super [ __ ] terrible I hated it I felt
like I was I wasn't until babysitter
dude like the the clientele there was
maybe as a particular restaurant but the
clientele there was met
pampered every little thing I mean like
most the most senile you know you know
the episode of Spongebob where the the
guy wants a krabby patty but he wants it
like hook it over medium let it swim
medium axle-grease rotate it sideways
and don't forget the pickles well yeah
that this is the one where like Sponge
Bob goes out to check the sandwich or
whatever right yeah yeah I do it was
like it was that every [ __ ] table
that these guys wanted like oh what a
surf-and-turf I want it a medium-rare
butterfly twice it's like all this [ __ ]
they're like I I don't want to get into
like the retail [ __ ] too much I don't
remember ever told you about this there
I had so many customers like this this
isn't like a [ __ ] diner they were the
ticket prices like 10 to 20 dollars an
item only because it was a casino wasn't
that expensive but not like high dining
[ __ ] I remember we had this one lady
that would come in and she would order a
steak Philly and she would specifically
say I want six onions six green peppers
and six red peppers on the sandwich and
her excuse was she wanted she wanted the
flavor but she didn't want the actual
peppers and when she got her meal at the
counter she would always get it to go
she would take it out on the counter she
take the box out of the bag she'd open
the box she'd get a napkin she would
start picking out the peppers one at a
time and if there was one too many or
one too few she wouldn't have sent it
back and asked for a Rico yep so like we
would send these tickets back to the
kitchen and like I and I totally
empathize with the cooks here they would
look they would like look at the servers
with such a look of disgust because on
the ticket you would have to write six
green peppers six red peppers six onions
only and and like if it was a new cook
that you'd like look like the [ __ ] what
are you [ __ ] asking for like holy
[ __ ] yeah Wow okay I'm sorry you're
right I don't have to have it whatever
good another retail round you yeah maybe
like cousin I tell now I can think of a
story I could tell to about this [ __ ]
but I digress
the point is um actually [ __ ] what was
the point actually oh I didn't have I
have your sanctuary the environment you
brought here about like at my regular
Chili's waiting job I had the other eye
the other ways I could talk to you about
you know the [ __ ] at Table six or
whatever but like at the other
restaurant I was at the famous
restaurant I had no outlet it was just I
had to like internalize all
the suffering of like all these like
adult men with the employee [ __ ] or what
do you mean
yeah the employees like it wasn't I was
young this guy there and I felt I felt
like I was in a super foreign
environment because everyone there was
like like [ __ ] 45 and being a waiter
I was the youngest waiter by a wide
margin I thought I couldn't relate I I
was scared to reveal my disgust for the
average clientele attitude of like the
super entitlement like to the up strong
I understand if you want your order
specific way but it was like to the
absurd do the absurdness every [ __ ]
time dude it was uh it was it was
draining man it was like the worst
customer every day oh [ __ ]
it's excellent one guy customer could
like ruin a whole [ __ ] day - well the
thing - is it was kind of like a slow
dining so there wasn't like a it wasn't
you know quick turn and burns no they
come in there they're out in 35 minutes
worst case know these typically every
customer was like you know hour hour and
a half sometimes these people will just
order like you know and then they're
getting buzzed - like they would order a
whole bottle wine and kill it right
they're like the party in question so
yeah every table is a slow burn so yeah
they're obnoxious for a extended period
of time
and I had no outlet for it so that kind
of sucked see it wasn't only my thing
yeah but I also stood green with you on
the sanctuary concept though yeah
similar in Game Stop - I mean I won't
well let y'all know here that if you're
obnoxious and you're in Game Stop and
you're being annoying this [ __ ] the
minute you walk out we're talking about
you definitely because it's our only
coping mechanism to deal with deals
primarily true the unfortunate thing
though is that the people that are
obnoxious don't usually realize it so
this will fall on deaf ears you know
you're not wrong there man look so okay
yeah you wanna hit up reddit questions
that were we already doing that I don't
know how we get to this topic actually
you were telling me about a you asked me
if I had any friends and I was like yeah
I got friends [ __ ] oh yeah okay yeah
I got you cuz I thought you were a loser
okay no yeah I'll hit up the most
uploaded one I do feel like sometimes
this feels like a news podcast you guys
just summarized a bunch of recent events
give a quick uneducated take why do you
guys do this when you make pockets white
interesting such unique this is kind of
something that we've talked about in the
past is that we don't have like a main
hook or draw for the podcast yet and it
seems like pretty general I
this is definitely a thing I don't know
I guess I'm just not sure like what our
specific like hooking should be yeah
yeah definitely a food we're still young
in the game right now I am I do hear you
though that uh we we kind of just scuff
over some like news related things but I
think also kind of our draw right now is
the fact that you have like you know you
have to to professional streamers me and
destiny here like giving our POV so you
got kind of like a twitch savvy
perspective on topics that we find
particularly interesting yeah although I
think the problem is that like that like
that leaves us pretty qualified to talk
about like streaming related [ __ ] but
then outside of that we don't really
offer much that's kind of like unique or
yeah valuable insofar as a lot of news
goes which is kind of true except for
like I guess if I talk about politics or
if you get it's like animation related
stuff we can go like a lot deeper there
but there are probably other people that
do that as well at some point I'll
probably spend I need to spend a couple
of days I've moved time enough time but
you know we'll probably talk about this
in detail like figuring out like some
kind of niche that we can carve out a
lot more specific that would give you a
reason to advertise this to somebody
outside of just like people that are
fans of us directly I think yeah yeah so
yeah you know I I agree with that this
one's kind of been asked before here but
we can maybe maybe think it's worthwhile
do you feel that in that a potential
competitor to twitch could overtake
twitch in such case would you consider
transitioning your streams over that
site um this song has been talked to
death before but like yeah I mean like
the problem is that um the problem is it
like it just hasn't been done I mean if
it if there was a competitor that came
up and got really [ __ ] huge I mean
like I think a lot of people consider
switching but YouTube hasn't seem like
they made the effort to do it there's
like would it being become Microsoft's
new streaming platform I don't know what
it's [ __ ] cold mixer yeah mixer and
then Facebook is doing it I mean like
hitbox whatever like it just seems like
yeah I don't know no one's like been
able to step up and actually compete
with twitch in terms of user base and
until you actually get like a bunch of
users on your site nobody wants to
switch because you're like killing your
[ __ ] career yeah pretty much that a
little bit more context about that as
well here is a
well one my also counter here is that X
places lack culture you don't really
have culture until you have a user base
and you know you're not gonna have the
equivalent of Kappa whatever it may be
on those ends or you're gonna simulate
twitch culture in an external
environment which didn't seem really
off-putting synthetic and weird mm-hmm
but there's also you know you've seen
people try to just throw money at the
problem and this is a reason why all
this would be easy to topple twitch
anytime soon not that I'm advocating for
a lack of competition I do want to see
twitch fix a lot of things and then
competition will really get them under
their ass really well so that more
competition does arise here but if you
recall when YouTube gaming first debuted
and it was a 2015-2016 they threw again
word of mouth here they threw a lot of
money at some big streamers for
lucrative two year lock-in exclusive
content streaming contracts and said
people decline those things I'm talking
like seven digit numbers to like multi
multi way utilities yeah oh and your
pricing I never heard about this now
I've known that some other sites are
doing seven-figure citation then let me
let me let me date back in the BET gap
he'll we'll come back to that one cuz uh
the problem is I want to throw out names
so I'm excited makes it spicy battle on
throw out names yeah multi-million
dollar contracts for a two-year
exclusive agreement and from what I
heard all the more denied though because
it's like yeah I'm like it I might get a
fat payday now but you know I'm gonna be
questionably irrelevant because I'm
gonna be just cannibalizing my own my
own growth essentially by having loyalty
to this one platform that's unproven
currently mmm-hmm so do you think this
is something we didn't talk about as a
topic but this is a pretty big thing did
you ever see the livestream fail leaks
those models one of the mods quit there
and there was like a huge leaking of
like a ton of live stream fail logs oh
[ __ ]
I'm like am I just needed you chat you
can click this now
now when you say mods mods for laughing
fails is reddit or you mean mods at
twitch mods for like scream fails read
it okay that subreddit had mod leaks
yeah and yeah there's a lot of a lot of
stuff in here
oh let's go to our car anything anything
I'm not worthy
um yeah I mean they said the subreddit
drama post kind of um you know goes
through a lot of stuff but apparently
yeah people trying to docs like ice
Poseidon mods and [ __ ] I don't know
actually if I should show this I haven't
like vetted these does he have any
doctors actually show nerd ever but um
yeah there's apparently these people
like really [ __ ] hated ice Poseidon
like holy [ __ ] like they like damn
people that post like on the ice I know
subreddit like without even going to
likes me fail and [ __ ] like yeah the the
whole thing like the part that I was
reading like hardcore oh I'm sorry
here is something that actually here's
something that that I saw [ __ ] I can't
believe I forgot this apparently the guy
that runs neat clips is a moderator for
livestream fails and that guy will use
people that that post on that post clips
on that side and then post on Reddit to
track people's IPs and [ __ ] that website
should be permanently banned from reddit
100% I hope that goes to the admins that
site should be banned from reddit
absolutely wait that whoa hold on wait
wait hold on wait nevermind someone said
that that was filled with false yeah
sorry
he responded saying it was when can
somebody link to his response do you
know how people were getting IP
addresses of people that were posting on
this on this thing because like what
would you want the IP to like you you
want the IP address of the of the clip
posters so you can stop the clip posters
like what's the update um I don't know I
just I don't know to get information
about people who what not but mmm
it's one of the first responses in the
thread one particular DME piece it has
come to services that one of the lead
motorist is some point of access to
back-end enabling him to gain IP Bo uh
what you did in chair to person Emma
wait hold on [ __ ] yeah dachshund for the
most part okay okay good old-fashioned
dog wait so wait so so the logs didn't
question here from Raptor to Jesus I'm
gonna have web man grab their IP from
their uploads and then he post a bunch
of names amanda ah he's posting like
locations and [ __ ] and then he says why
do people even bother [ __ ] with me
how was this guy who's that ever
confirmed how this guy was like able to
do this [ __ ] or oh wait hold on for me
read this guy's response I didn't say
this guy's response on the thread one
second you good guy dev replied earlier
and I threat about this one all right hi
everyone thanks for minister my
attention that's a serious issue I would
never give out IP address to anyone and
in a minute anonymity is an important
pillar of NEET clip which I want to
guarantee for my users in order to
protect them usually should not be
afraid of streamers corporations are
groups such as a subreddit furthermore
giving out IP address will be direct
violation to GDP are it's close to no-go
I'm not sure who the web man is that
he's referring to but it's not me maybe
there's more context and other messages
but I can assume or I can assure that
I've never gave out anyone's IP m never
will oh wait so they could still be
getting it from somebody that works
there just not like the actual owner or
whatever mmm but yeah there was like um
yeah there's like a ton of [ __ ] that
they go that were the main parts of
these logs that I was interested in was
they were linked to me what they were
talking about you should about banning
my posting because they were really mad
at my I got outvoted that was what I was
like mainly interested in but I haven't
had a chance to I haven't had a chance
to go through all of the things yet
which is why I hadn't posted as a main
topic but it seemed like there was a lot
of pretty sweat City [ __ ] in here with
people trying to Doc's people and
whatnot
apparently all I got the main gist I got
for this was that these guys were really
[ __ ] hate ice Poseidon in his
community but yeah now why would that be
is there anything besides the obvious
face surface level like CX cringe
behavior that you see at times from the
extremes of that Batman
bass or something else I don't know
about apparently there is a lot of like
for gating and [ __ ] that was going on a
lot of the gating which is
understandable because ice president
kennedy posted it read it so much like I
could definitely see why why people were
widely separated mods were so irritated
at Isis [ __ ] because they do breguet the
[ __ ] out of a lot of [ __ ] it happened
before he got um before he got banned
from there as well so hmm
okay um well I found I skimmed through
all that all the questions here I found
like well I was actually out we ended up
covering in anyway in the topics here
but I did find one I thought was a
interesting if you want to gonna give us
a crack for the final one here yeah go
for it so do you guys envision playing
video games forever
for me it's kind of funny to think about
our generation as the first ones with
senior citizens and nursing homes still
playing games so do you see yourself
playing video games forever
um that's a really [ __ ] hard question
to answer
yeah I am I look at it I'm like well I
feel like well the one thing we can
guarantee right is that video games and
being I guess a gamer will be further
further a normalised over time to where
it won't seem like an extreme here
because I think of it if you swapped the
activity outright you said you see
yourself watching movies forever you see
yourself reading books forever and do
you see yourself playing video games
video games are essentially just you
know the the I guess in some some cases
here like the the superior entertainment
medium because it's interactive
unlike static entertainment I got
superior not the right word here but I
guess different whatever right um but I
see that getting further and further
normalized to where probably by the time
that we are all this won't even be a
question that will be asked because
it'll be so standard I would say well
like the thing the reason why I don't
know and I'm hesitant on it cuz like
your interests change over time and it's
really hard to say like how things will
play out in the future so like like I
can think of a million different
examples of this here's like that yeah
fine
[ __ ] co2 these examples but like the
clothes the easiest one that I can think
of I don't know if you've had this
experience I don't know if ever brought
up this problem to you do you ever did
you ever worry so like when you grow up
when you're like 17 18 you're like like
all you can think about is like [ __ ]
like people make fun of older guys being
into younger girls and I'm in high
school like high school girls are so
[ __ ] hot I can't ever imagine not
feeling this way but then when you get
how old are you again we're close to an
age right yeah I'm 29
yeah but then when you hit like a
certain age I don't know when it happens
but like um like I know that like I'm
like 28 29 I'm 30 now if I go into a
restaurant and I like even [ __ ] see
let alone here high school girls talking
I want to [ __ ] kill myself
immediately and it's like that idea that
my taste could change so much like so
dramatically is like really hard for me
to even imagine and I'm sure it's true
and like a million other things as well
like friends I wish I could use politics
because a lot of kids only politics but
I guess I was always into politics going
out but like I'm sure there's like
similar things where like you're growing
up and you think like oh like I'm always
gonna love this thing or I'm always
gonna be super into this but then I
don't know at some point you just kind
of get older and it's just not the same
when you look back you're like yeah I
only know if I feel the same way so
maybe it's possible that like when
you're like 45 or 50 maybe video games
just aren't that appealing anymore I
don't know it's hard to say you know
yeah
man you threw out a really good example
I would love to actually uh elaborate on
there the whole high school thing oh
yeah go for it yeah well um because I I
went through like a personal thing yeah
you know I thought you know whatever
high school girls were hot whenever I
was in high school sure but you know but
also at the same time though I was you
know I had that had that virginity going
on for a long period of time way longer
than I ever care to admit
and so I had rampant and security with
that so I was under the the premised
that you know things would get better my
insecurity about about that particular
thing would go away if I had a
girlfriend I was literally the bad
feeling no girlfriend for such a long
period of time that I let the I let the
bias of like the comfort oh I'm no
longer alone I don't have like an
obvious source of insecurity at this
point because I have I am now finally in
with ship you know and it just assassin
being in one and being taken will
automatically make me a happier better
person so I was under that undead facade
for a long period of time wait like four
years until finally
I got into the workforce and I had to be
around all these like not just the most
bad way but just like crazy moody people
a lot of them women that would be fair
and I was like no I understand now I
know some some of these girls I hear are
[ __ ] crazy and I think I'm actually
happy or single because I don't want the
deal to me if imagine have a deal of
like these the crazy co-workers but in a
relationship any given time so I'd
rather wait for like you know the
personality is compatible with my sanity
more so than just like get get taken and
be in a relationship for a period of
time so that for me did change to I had
a drastic change and um and my
perception of what I found attractive
actually between high school going into
like between like ages like 16 to 22
that's a big gap at six years right but
like between those ages might what I
found attractive changed holy [ __ ] big
time what from Mike being but like
almost a purely physical appearance
thing to that to then me slowly through
work workplace experiences switching
over to finding personality much more
appealing than I mean personnel in life
and stages like wait what's this you
work a job you make like [ __ ] 70 K
year that's how does a [ __ ] like I
really like that I appreciate that
stability like that is like yeah you
also nothing back to me I was happy to
because of it because I'm if I was if I
was like you know they ship in high
school and it probably wouldn't have
worked out statistically speaking here
and then you know it would been like a
lot of time and baggage doesn't and
ultimately a failed thing and then you
have some people who were kind of stuck
off the whole like the sting of a failed
relationship and then they have to like
some of them don't understand to the not
let that stigma hold into the next
person their next partner and they may
be like super may have like you know
volcano hotspots of triggering because
of like whatever the previous partner
did which wanted me that's their the
fault of the current partner uh-huh
alright sounds Pacific here but that's a
good thing I've seen toxic relationships
with my co-workers so often that I saw
what to avoid and what did not do
concerning that but yeah the point still
stands to but you're saying here about
the tastes do change over time and
bringing it back to gaming I just don't
I don't know I I think I I enjoy I enjoy
it too much I couldn't see myself ever
really like stopping playing gaming
yeah I agree that's how I feel right now
for sure so I don't know that they're
like too many games I look forward to
them such a there's a Nintendo fanboy I
just can't ever see myself saying you
know okay well i'm i don't know i don't
care by playing the next mario or the
next Elda or the next Smash Brothers I'm
really hard it's also really hard to
tell like how much games have gotten
better or worse versus how much your
tastes have changed as well too because
like for instance like I would have a
really hard time like there are some
things that I okay here there's some
things that I was on and some things
that I wasn't on so I played like Final
Fantasy 7 I should growing up and I
that's like my favorite game of all time
but I didn't play Chrono Trigger at all
growing up and I've heard a lot of
people say that's like one of the best
games ever made like up there like it's
always listed up there with like Final
Fantasy 7 Chrono Trigger like these
games are always listed together I tried
to play counter and I [ __ ] hated it
it was so [ __ ] bad do you have you
played Chrono Trigger are you Chrono
Trigger boy no no no I haven't I haven't
actually played it so my it's on my big
queue though I've heard great things
about it yeah I tried playing it like a
year ago and I just totally not even
close I I will I will go with you okay
so here's my alright so I had heard
through notes let's let's go back here
to the year 2003 um I had her through
mini back when gaming magazines were
regularly like the the war on the street
you know the internet was still young in
the game so that the printed work was
still very effective for majority of my
gaming news and I had seen for the
umpteenth time people dick riding
Fantasy 7 as the the be-all end-all you
got to play it and all right cool well I
heard this game is really [ __ ] lit I
happen to come across a copy of it for
pretty cheap ass at a thrift shop and so
I put it in and maybe because it's my
first like JRPG and I wasn't prepared
for for what it was but for me it's kind
of like a boring slog through the first
disc and I ultimately
pieced out on it now I do thing which am
I talking right again I missed the I'm
sorry uh fancy 700k ok gotcha gotcha and
how long ago was this this was 2003 so I
was like ok the context here though is I
was 13 14 years old at that time so I
think I was I was a lot more impatient I
wanted i blatantly enjoyed platformers I
enjoyed sonic Mario a [ __ ] ton so I
wasn't really ready for um you know a
story heavy turn-based RPG chair or
whatever so I think that if I do I do
want to revisit it again cuz I
ultimately didn't like it I quit excite
bored of it or whatever or the story to
engage me enough yet to give a [ __ ]
about it um cuz everyone was like so
happy about how great it was yeah I mean
I think it might be it might be possible
that something like I replay Final
Fantasy 7 and I love the [ __ ] out of it
a few years ago but I don't know if
somebody could play it today that's
never played it and like it like
everything is just so right that's the
thing yeah cuz I'm like yeah these
graphics like you know all the graphs
are so great I'm like well no they're
not I'm sure they were in 97 but like
man this is like this it it's a tough
swallow now that to appreciate what I'm
looking at this point
uh-huh so yeah I've been I've been
debating revisiting ff7 to understand
better like one how good the game is or
how what the acclaim is all about and
then to like have ya have my tastes
really changed a ton in the last 15
years yeah it's so hard to tell because
it cuz of how it new and changed like
everything is now like you have your
taste change because of the culture have
they changed because you've gotten older
yeah it's so [ __ ] difficult to tell
yeah dude I mean I'll give you a better
example here right let's look at God of
War 2018 for uh for ps4 [ __ ] into the
game or a dad of war well even a garlis
of what your opinion of it is like can
you imagine like a father with a young
son who plays that game compared to like
a non-parent playing that game that's
like man the dad the parent playing that
game is like so far their own [ __ ]
feels by the end of like the first like
five hours of the game they're already
like oh my god I love it I relate to all
this [ __ ] because [ __ ] a tray is my
son and I love them oh yeah no that's
actually 100% true when I watch movies
now I empathize a lot more with father
figures looking at children or whatever
it's something that yeah strikes it
strikes accorded me a lot more than it
did before I had a [ __ ] kid so yeah
that's probably true as well yeah yeah I
think even goes further into a lot of a
lot of our favorite um our favorite
shows and mediums like you you look back
on as an adult and you're like holy [ __ ]
so I'm thinking back here now like I can
I'm sorry I thought one more game play
oh oh I got a real good one when you're
done that might trigger the [ __ ] out of
you
good okay all right well um what comes
to mind for me would be like aside from
the obvious being like spongebob but uh
Rocko's Modern Life the if you recall
that cartoon on Nickelodeon
as a kid I found the slapstick funny as
an adult I see that the freaking like
the work environment of everything there
are so many masturbation jokes in the
background it's crazy through the
freaking the the Jacko meter the the
there's like every every single thing
has like an innuendo that's like super
super duper like masturbation related
and I'm like how the [ __ ] did they get
away up at 96 that's crazy
so this is my Randall you see the post
on reddit where the guy is carving
something and like the show Arthur and
it's a vagina and makes not get past the
censors or whatever know what no you got
you got a pic or is that we wouldn't
show me talk about it was that no that
wasn't it but um [ __ ] I don't I'm glad I
don't have this on my screen because I
just googled that [ __ ] I'm not gonna go
to [ __ ] find it it's all good
oh so I was gonna say something like a
pointy of growing up is a taste and
anime Wow
growing up I would have never ever liked
something like [ __ ] steins gate it
would be the most boring [ __ ] thing
in the world to me I couldn't even
imagine liking something but now also
being a little more more grown up I
don't know how the [ __ ] I ever liked
showing an anime like things like
rurouni kenshin or Dragon Ball Z
anything that has a tournament arc
yuu-yuu hakusho like Stelios I can't
even imagine at this stage in my life
it's just stuff that is like wholly
uninteresting to me
then I like I have a really hard time
like trying to get into anything so
that's like an interest anywhere I never
could have imagined my building so much
yeah so you know what you know time I
that I had a similar 180 I do
I used to [ __ ] consume shoujo trash
all [ __ ] day dude every every like
generic manga romance novel with like a
chi day in and day out like you know
will the protagonist and the main girl
ever get together it's just don't like
flirting and like never [ __ ] you know
random random tit grab here random ponzu
shot there and just going on and on and
on again like I'm picking up each you
don't you take over here I'm sorry so
fast I'm thinking of Ichigo
hundred-percent particularly here and
like I used to like you know um when I
was a teenager sexually frustrated
teenager I was like yeah man this is
what love is like man I [ __ ] is he
gonna get her am I gonna get her I see
myself through the protagonist here I
live for this [ __ ] I'm addicted and it's
like now
it's an adult Mike whatever dude just
get laid already like [ __ ] move on my
god I'm much I'm so past that facade now
and I move on to the next thing at this
point so okay sorry I'm revealing you
know my power level now so I don't know
else could say about it
gosh though okay
wait that's it I think we're good for
today do we have any final closing
parting thoughts on anything yeah I like
playing video games hopefully now you
[ __ ] know yeah uh I'm excited uh if
we if we have a follow up next week
that's gonna be minor here I will I will
definitely watch the r.kelly
um the art it's called surviving r.kelly
it's free to watch right now you can
actually find it online lifetime just
Google surviving or Kelly I'm gonna
watch it now I'll have a fall with with
that in next podcast I know that we have
some people bringing up here a couple of
are we gonna have any more guests in the
show and I think we have we have
something's in the background right now
right we're working on some um some
people have on the show soon right um
yeah we've got a bunch of things in the
work I just met just comes out who we
want on this surviving are Kelly think
it's like a multi [ __ ] episode thing
yeah it's a it's a sick I think it's a
five or six episode series Jesus Christ
okay like you alright that's why the
movements so big because uh like I'm
guessing that the the doc the
docu-series like kind of exhaustively
covers the entirety of it like are
Kelly's rise to fame in addition to like
his accusations from 2002 and then going
into like whatever is happening now and
then and then the counterpoint to those
accusations mm-hmm so but yeah I'll
check out though i'ma let you guys know
what's going on with that next week
alright cool Wow hey thanks for joining
us and thanks for me for joining I don't
know I'm supposed to say thanks for
joining us cuz you like the co-host
right it doesn't really make sense yeah
thanks for being here you want to plug
anything or give any final shadows to
anything like that before yeah so um
yeah I'll be going live after this I I
have my big big big destiny debate
reaction Wednesday's I'm trying to know
that all I can a gum without now only do
it on Wednesdays after the podcast now
because uh you know it's a great
crossover event where I get to
like I get to further learn from from
the debate master himself here and just
so get to have a fun time revisiting the
classics you know the the best of
destiny vol 1
you know the bangers just keep on coming
so I'll be doing that I've been grinding
on you guys that may not know here but a
big profile game something out soon got
Kingdom Hearts 3 coming out the end of
January and I have the the ambitious
task of catching up on the entirety of
the Kingdom Hearts series in time for it
so come through today if you want to
check out a both the the podcast
afterparty and me playing through for
the first time Kingdom Hearts 2 I'm I
started that yesterday I'm on I'm about
3 hours in right now so damn you'll have
to tell me I heard this story for that
game is more convoluted than like Metal
Gear Solid's oh my god oh my god dude
signing into it I don't want to check
all the theme arts bands because that is
a that is a topic for another day dude
holy [ __ ] damn all right no well hey I'm
destiny I mean I would say my [ __ ] is
all destiny gg we're selling a new meme
shirts if you want to check out destiny
GG / shirt my merchandise is kind of but
I'm pushing the most at the moment but
yeah you could definitely check that out
I think we have a limited edition shirt
that dumb [ __ ] bad Stinney [ __ ] I
don't know why the [ __ ] anybody would
ever buy this but if you I guess if you
have money to waste you some [ __ ] yeah
you're gonna you can get these things so
um yeah
anyway thanks for joining us guys we'll
be back next week we should start a
little earlier next week we're getting
in the swing of things also my camera is
super [ __ ] right now I know my I think
my new camera is actually here right now
that's what I'm getting like message as
far as I got packages and [ __ ] arriving
so hopefully I'll have that taking care
of that I'll probably get like furniture
or something to deal with the echo a
little because I know that some people
get a trigger by that yeah yeah thanks a
lot for uh thanks a lot for joining us
guys catch you next week stay safe I'll
see you guys later
everyone pers
