my dear what's up there we go sorry I
have to change my settings I just bought
a brand new microphone setup so what
kind of microphone uh actually Chris my
buddy bought it he got what does he have
here Audio Technica money yep that's it
it's good Mike cool
yeah yeah the mixer and everything so
it's pretty sweet what's going on dude
nothing much I just wanted to uh I just
wanted to talk about some skeptic things
I caught a little bit of the end of that
other stream it seemed interesting that
Martin guy seemed pretty cool yeah yeah
just like Adam and I started that show
to have opposing point of views he
brings on someone I bring on someone we
walk in with a few discussions and we
just decide I talk it out and the only
rule is no swearing at each other oh
that's nice
yeah just just to keep it a little civil
trial going um okay um are you screaming
right now you're not are you all right
yeah no no no I'm done okay gotcha I'm
streaming you know that right yeah yep
just make sure you're sure okay cool I
just wanted to talk about oh I guess it
feels kind of rude to slight comments
but just some stuff I encourage you to
look into on your own that in
description of left and right brain like
that separation causing PTSD I've never
heard that description for causing PTSD
in my entire life there is like a
lateralization that occurs down there's
a name for that it's like post medial
fissure or something in the center the
brain unremembered it's called but like
it when you talk about like PTSD I've
never heard that before so that might be
something want to look into and then
also the idea that like your left or
right brain have to do with like storing
memory like codifying short term into
long term memory are things that are
handled by different parts of the brain
but I've never heard somebody say like
the left brain does this versus the
right brain just be careful what you
hear sometimes make sure you're
verifying your stuff ya know for sure I
mean I mean at that point I was just
listening sure yeah yeah yeah just I was
just listening I was even asked her I
might wait so that causes like your left
brain to turn off when you feel fear and
then she just went off on her tangent
there yeah but yeah I'd like to you know
see those studies I am very
and one causes people to think wad and
react to what so yeah and then just like
another quick thing do you understand
how the property tax school thing works
and why that's a little kind of [ __ ]
up and that's what Aiden was saying
right
is that what well that you guys are kind
of talking about it basically the way
that public schools are funded is
they're funded by the property taxes of
the of the houses that are near the
schools that's one of the big complaints
that people have about schools so in the
United States we spend a little bit more
than most countries per capita of GDP
than other countries spent on education
but a disproportionate amount of our
spending goes to rich schools so let me
give you an example I live in a city
called Omaha and I decided to send my
kid to public school over private school
I didn't want my kid to go to a shitty
public school and I lived in kind of a
shitty neighborhood so I wanted I bought
a house and one of the nicer
neighborhoods in the city so that I
could be in the best school district
because the only way to get him into a
better school was to move to a richer
neighborhood and a richer neighborhood
has more property taxes going to the
school which will make this school
better does that make sense yeah it
makes sense but how about the thing I
brought up at the end there I don't know
if you which one caught the end where I
I was I was just asking you know there
are more poor white you know students
than poor black people so the economic
you know factor it doesn't really make
sense you know what I mean well I mean
I'm willing to bet that if you look up
the educational outcomes of the poor
white kids too it's probably on par with
poor black people I would imagine if you
went under okay yeah if this isn't just
a race thing this is more a class thing
but the problem is that a large number
of black people per of all the black
people in the black race in the United
States tend to be poor but yes it's a
class issue not just a race issue for
sure interesting cool I'm gonna look a
lot more into this and and and
definitely make more comments about that
I was just asking questions yeah it was
it was cool though that other stream by
the way that was awesome that on what
was a Tuesday that was that was
interesting the MOC thing oh yeah that
was holy [ __ ] with the foot after that
four hours dude I was just I didn't even
know what it feel I just felt empty
after our talk by the end because it's
like four hours
screaming yeah so good though one thing
that I was really critical of I don't
remember we talked about as much in that
conversation to the one before but
something that like kind of really
rustles my Jim Jim's is when it's
something and this is what I'm like
really critical the skeptic community
for is I noticed that there's a lot of
um are you coming here with Rush
Limbaugh hmm do you know who Rush
Limbaugh's yes yeah I still a turn from
him see he calls it the drive-by media
so what I notice is that sometimes
skeptics do these drive-bys or what
they'll do is they'll show up and
they'll rip a headline and then they
like caused some outrage on Twitter over
it okay I just wanted to bring up I just
have like two quick examples of this
maybe free stuff for you to consider in
the future okay so here's a Blair White
tweet okay mmm all right let me chew oh
shoot sorry
I hate the way Skype set this up oh yeah
the picture appears and everything so
all right I'm opening it now okay so she
posted a headline and well her quote is
you can never please these people so
stop goddamn trying and the article is
from like babe it's called babe Ursa
Major and says sorry white people but
trying too hard
not to be racist is Loki trying to be
racist now I'd say that that headline is
ridiculous but tell me why it's it's not
what it seems
sure so um hold on let me um I gotta
type in so there are a couple problems
here firstly before we even start okay
so they are the title does sound
ridiculous right but you see the
subtitle right what does it say
uh yeah before before you're mad sorry
it's just oh my god I just lost it
before you're mad let me explain or
something yeah so so it kind of makes
you wonder right off the bat so I just
wanna this article is pretty short can I
just read this to you real quick and
then you can tell me if you think that
this is like it's like four so no this
is I feel like this is a really really
good example of an article guy I won't I
try not to share your opinion too much
okay mmm don't get me wrong it's great
that white people care about racism now
that's nice for them and it's totally
sick to hear white guys tell me that
they're into brown girls too when they
want to try to get into my pants
and even though ending racism can seem
like an impossible dream in a world
where Nazis are a thing again and ever
one expects me to care about anything
related to bella thorne at least
diversity is a stated goal now progress
but sometimes when white people try to
be allies the pendulum swings back into
the wrong direction and should get
straight-up offensive the reduct risk
Edline I don't see color says white guy
who exclusively dates Asian women is a
textbook example of this phenomenon this
is another one do you see anything wrong
with this picture and then it's a white
girl standing next to a bunch of black
rappers and then some other memes so
adopting blacks plain um okay so
adopting hold on sir adopting black
slang when trying to appeal to a black
audience is unfortunately kind of racist
and definitely appropriative even if
you're doing it because you think it's
cool or even likes trying to make
someone else feel more comfortable then
there are white women who appreciate
yoga a little bit too much the kind you
devote entire Instagram feeds to their
practice and flub the chakra hashtag or
white students who take a spring break
trip to Thailand and come back to school
two weeks later rocking elephant pants
and a big old Buddha tattoo because
Eastern religion is so much more chill
but we kind of know that stuff is bad
right because white people are into
busting racism now and they're ready to
point it out anywhere they see it
especially online even when the people
of color who they're supposedly
defending don't really see anything when
white people bent over backwards to
expose riverdale star Lily Reinhardt for
loving blackface when she really just
wanted to dress up like a demon or get
mad that lena Dunham's baby on girls was
an actually pakistani even though he was
on air for literally 30 seconds and is
also a [ __ ] baby it's not woke it's
stupid and you look stupid doing it if
you have to cite your sources in a
bibliography to explain why a Selena
Gomez music video is damaging to New
Zealand's indigenous population even
though you didn't know it was a part of
Australia until like two months ago you
need to calm down because here's the
thing people are kind of [ __ ] stupid
and racism is particularly [ __ ]
stupid and if white people over saturate
the racism market nobody's going to care
what an actual person of color asks not
to be caricatured for a Halloween
costume or you know not to get shot at
by the cops
repeat after me sweet white Ally less is
more
amplify the actual concerns of people of
color instead of getting mad about
something irrelevant online for for some
of your non-white friends oh so that so
that some of your non-white friends know
that you're one of the good ones and
while we're at it we can actually stop
using woke understanding that people of
color experience
every single days moment it's like in
reading this article yeah that sounds
like a decent article actually yeah not
only it sounds like what all the
skeptics actually say right it sounds
like they just say like hey like stop
focusing on every little stupid
perceived racist thing and focus on the
important stuff right yeah yeah no
you're right you're a hundred percent
right there I'll definitely tell Blair
about that one you know you're right and
look ever since like we had our talk and
after our debate and some people you
know had messaged me you know I I really
hated the destiny before but you had a
good talk with him and some people are
actually angry that I didn't debate you
even though you said we were having
conversation but yeah I've been stepping
back a little bit more and looking at
these headlines and you know the did I
do the the show with Tim he he's like
technically whatever sjw or whatever but
even he was talking about those
headlines before - in a video and when
he sort of broke them down what they
they actually were they weren't I mean
there are obviously some headlines where
you're like alright this person is
ridiculous but then a lot of them that
people do pull up share around you read
them and go now that's not well well in
this case it's not only is it not bad
but it's about what we talked about
yeah but I think the the the writer and
what a lot of people are now used to is
just reading the headline like an
incinerator headline but you're right
dude and this is kind of where the
responsibility of like a Content like I
can understand people will get sucked
into the headline but I think you have a
responsibility if you're gonna be
retweeting stuff like that like you're
kind of misleading people you know so
like this tweet that I like to Blair
white that had over 3,000 retweets and
over 12,000 500 likes that's a lot of
people now that are coming away thinking
like oh man you know like all the
[ __ ] you know these people are
[ __ ] crazy you know yeah I know it
seems disingenuous yeah well I I would
even say that a lot of skeptics and
myself included in the past have have
looked at you know certain headlines I
mean I remember I did one in particular
where literally I basked what I thought
it was because the headline
and like the first part but then when
you really read ahead of it it was
actually the opposite
yeah she's cutting you to read it yeah
and it was sort of the title was the the
the stupid thing that they were actually
debunking so I made myself look like an
idiot but yeah I wouldn't say she's
doing it you know to be a dick or you
know disingenuous I just think she saw
that title that headline and you know
what the [ __ ] is this and then tweeted
it out and is it is it wrong to do that
yeah I agree with you on that I'm not
gonna like I love her she's my friend
like sure and even if we don't say that
like she was being evil while doing it
or whatever we can agree that like that
kind of stuff is like really harmful
right that's like a really bad thing
like a bad precedent to say that you
just tweet out a headline Tuttle and
ascribe these beliefs to people that
might actually be on your side you know
well and also and also when we have
talks like this what we're talking about
right now the problem is now you know
you know someone keeps tweeting out
these headlines that aren't I won't say
not real but you know just like look
different than what the content actually
is if we keep doing that do you know the
boy who cried wolf situation where it's
like you're gonna post a headline now do
I
you know believe your headline at this
point and and the thing is I love Blair
and I I know a lot of what she's done
and tweeted mm-hmm I agree with but the
headline stuff in particular I'm very
skeptical about everyone who posts a
headlines now without me reading the
articles yeah which is good that's good
yeah when you see people this is like
another thing have you've ever seen
things article headlines posted where
people talk about eliminating white
people or eliminating the white race
usually when you read into those
articles it's usually a lot more nuanced
as well I've had Lauren southern link me
a picture and it had that headline like
we need to get rid of the white race and
when you read into the article what they
were actually talking about was like the
concept of whiteness has usually only
been used to [ __ ] with people and what
we even considered to be white has
changed you know over time so the entire
idea that there is like a white thing
seems to just be totally redundant like
we don't need that concept it wasn't
about actually like killing or getting
rid of white people but it was more
how ridiculous the concept of white like
there are like ethno white nationalist
now like Nick Fuentes or James allsup
puentez is like 25 percent Hispanic and
he believes that he's pure enough for
his white ethnic state so it's like the
entire idea of whiteness has gotten like
I'm half Cuban you know and I might
qualify for some of the ethno states
that these people want so it's like a a
spectrum of white and if you're in the
right part of the spectrum then you pass
for your white everybody it's just the
idea that like the whole concept of
whiteness is just kind of silly or maybe
we should just do away with that as like
like it just doesn't make sense to use
any more like jontron who's Iranian or
half Iranian considers himself to be
white you know and 200 years ago I don't
think anybody any Middle Eastern person
would have been considered white you
know I'm glad that you brought up the
the wolf thing before I so here is a
here's another thing just a video does
these are like random things that I
stumble across in it just to keep in
mind um I don't know this is the exact
timestamp but I linked to you and then
let me know when you've got it up and
then we can start listening okay sure
and also someone asked me in your chat
why I still support her cuz i i i love
all a lot of her videos and what she
says she's nice funny and not everyone's
perfect and if i ii disliked people or
didn't support people because they
messed up once or twice then i wouldn't
be fair cuz i I [ __ ] up all the time so
anyway yeah so this is I actually
watched a bit of this video today I
watched just only the first two minutes
Kristopher guns video men are rapists
sharing is the hottest of take so we're
gonna watch a particular part I suppose
yeah I just have like this past like
last two minutes or whatever I mean we
could go over the whole video but we'll
discover the past you just just just as
like a fan actually at a certain point I
don't know if you're gonna be streaming
for longer I have to pick up my group a
girlfriend in about 15 minutes okay yeah
and we can talk later if you want but we
don't even need that much to just go
over this real quick okay let me know
you got the link up okay it's over three
two one go been the subject of myth and
fairy tale from the beginning of
literature what else were the stories of
Little Red Riding Hood or Bluebeard's
Castle about okay first of all I don't
know what the hell Bluebeard's Castle is
but I'm British
I'm pretty sure a little bit riding hood
is about a wolf eating people do you
want to go to sexuality right with
vampires
be my guest that's entirely accurate but
to suggest that Little Red Riding Hood
is about the male libido what kind of
glasses are you wearing what kind of
herbs are you smoking what kind of
chemicals are you ingesting what kind of
horrible horrible things are you doing
to yourself a vampire is an ancient and
powerful okay so pause the video okay
okay yeah so that he goes hard on that
statement right so firstly the article
that he's quoting here in a lot of this
article it isn't even the views of the
author he's just sharing what is like
well except like other literary views of
things so something that I find
interesting here and I heard him say
this and I was kind of curious so I
looked this up this took me two seconds
to Google okay so the earliest written
version of Little Red Riding Hood was
written by a guy called I think it's
Charles Perrault there there might be
different pronounce Alice or Perrault it
is this French dude and if you read the
origins of this tale it was actually
like an allegory for a well-dressed
young man seducing a woman in the
streets and then taking her back and
then devouring her or you know
unflattering her so it's actually
exactly what the early tale was about oh
so he just [ __ ] that whole thing
lately yeah and this is actually
something that and this is really
surprising because I don't think Chris
is stupid but if you take any early
literature class and I'm sure you've
taken some basic English you learn this
a lot that a lot of early stories
whether it's The Scarlet Letter or
[ __ ] any of those or early fairy
tales a lot of these are are based on
you know like sexual myths or allegories
of societies yeah yeah so that was like
