I get really really excited to talk to
you what are you excited about buddy
just having a conversation I think that
um maybe you're a little bit of a
platform for the all right we think it's
bad why do you think I'm a platform for
the own right because you host people
that are far less popular than you and
then they get more popular because of it
and they start the other videos gotten
more popular because of me Aidan paladin
no [ __ ] no [ __ ] was already more
popular than me when we initially spoke
I mean Aidan hadn't started yet but I
think she would have gotten about as
popular she was she's a girl on the
right that spews the [ __ ] talking
points she's not even that popular she's
like what fifty thousand subs or
whatever I mean that's still pretty
sizable though right I mean I guess but
I mean like I don't know like I guess I
would feel I would believe it more like
every video was like by the way on the
one that debated destiny but I feel like
she's kind of grown all on her own she
does her video she puts a lot of work on
throat and a lot of [ __ ] [ __ ]
people fall over to that side of the
thinking okay so what about this do you
think that there's more people who watch
you who are more inclined to go and like
be persuaded by the other side or do you
think there's more people who are
watching people like the no bullshit's
who are gonna be persuaded to come and
be more inclined to think like you I
think that I do I think that I give
people on my side strong arguments I
think that I bring people in the middle
over and I hope to foster doubt in the
hardcore supporters on the other end
although that's much more difficult
there is going to be some number of
people I guess that watch me that will
be swayed over but I would hope that
that number would be much much much
smaller than the other two groups I
don't know I just feel like when you're
talking about like the alt light the alt
right like they already believe such
like an unfalsifiable narrative that
there's no way to like sway them over to
you you know like maybe there's a little
the big problem that I have
I guess so like I mean maybe you could
argue that some of this is a bit of an
ego but the problem that I have is that
poppy that Google search doesn't prove
anything I don't know if you understand
how popularity works are growing your
brain works but just because you google
somebody's name in my name
comes up second doesn't necessarily mean
that I'm the only reason that they got
to the level that they did I mean maybe
she got a little bit of initial burst of
popularity off of it sure
but Aiden paladin is much smaller than
roaming millennial she's much smaller
than that black pilled chick she's much
smaller than Lauren southern she's much
smaller than you know any other number
of alt-right alt-right super popular
youtubers all of these guys got big
without my help there's no reason to
assume that Aiden popular only grew
because of me
sorry well I'm sorry what was your
initial question I don't know it was
basically the same exact thing I guess I
would probably argue the same that like
even if like it's possible for people
yeah I remember she said my problem is
that so this is kind of my current
belief right now on the current state of
like moral ethical philosophical
politics is that it seems like the left
has a certain position I'm sorry let me
back up it seems like in the United
States
maybe the whole Western world that we
operated under some a fundamental
assumption some first principles that we
stopped justifying to ourselves because
we were already past the question so in
the 60s we had to ask the question do
black people deserve the same rights of
the same access to institutions in the
US as white people that's a question
that we wrestled with the whole country
wrestled with it and we came to a
decision that yes they do deserve these
equal rights and then we've kind of
lived our life but the problem is as
we've grown and we've lived our life
we've that's a principle that we take
for granted now so when somebody like
Richard Spencer shows up and actually
questions that principle everybody finds
out that it's totally unjustified oh
well I have no [ __ ] idea if black
people deserve the same things as white
people or if women should be allowed to
have the same things men do and the
problem is these people on the right
that are challenging those first
principles have a [ __ ] ton of arguments
to use a gun stem which of course they
will there are valid claim challenges to
any philosophical position but everybody
on the left just goes oh well I don't
know I don't care I don't know that's
dumb stupid I don't want to engage with
that idea bla bla bla bla bla and then
what happens is election season rolls
around and somehow we have a [ __ ]
buffoon in office and nobody has any
idea how the [ __ ] could happened in my
opinion that's that's part of the
political landscape I guess I would
agree with that a little bit I think
that there's a couple things that it is
just a little bit wrong I don't know
later there's a difference between
having legitimate arguments against like
things that are pretty well accepted
like black people should have equal
rights and just having just you know
going off of like this are gone black
people should get married to fix theirs
situation I think it's like there's
definitely difference in like Sargon's
intelligence and like even if Nick
Fuentes like is pretty academically
dishonest like I think there's still a
difference tween his arguments and
Nick's arguments you see what I'm saying
they're like yeah sure but like again
like I think that um I mean this is like
I've gotten so much feedback and reading
the chaplet subreddit and reading a
couple different forums and then an
emails and stuff I've gotten and and
again like I understand that there's a
selection bias people that feel strong
enough to email me are always gonna say
the most positive things but I mean I
see a lot of people saying things like
oh I'm really glad that somebody is
actually out here that engages with
these people that gives us arguments to
use and like um something that I always
complained about on the stream in the
past is that when somebody starts making
an insult against me I always see other
people use it all over the place
well now when I use like different
arguments that I've used against like
immigration or I'm sorry in favor of
immigration or stuff like that I see
other people on my own I'm starting to
use those arguments like in the comments
section of my youtube vids or sometimes
people ship posting on 4chan or even in
the comment sections of other youtube
vids or on reddit so I mean like I don't
know I feel like it to some extent it
helps you know like the Fuentes debate
might have seemed like somewhat of a big
[ __ ] show but I think that he did come
off looking bad to a lot of people in
the center and that outline got passed
around quite a bit too that they had
thousands of hits on it which I call it
the second debater in the first debate
in the second debate okay yeah I'd
probably grew that's Saudi so to me what
this sounds like is Dave rumens free
marketplace of ideas and we should you
know like do you think that like Richard
Spencer should like have a place on
college campuses to go speak and like we
should do that because it's best to like
know how to challenge his ideas or yeah
but it seems like I do agree with that I
do think he should I think that
neo-nazis or anybody should have a place
to speak in America the difference is
though is that Ruben doesn't challenge
these ideas if I bring somebody on to my
stream I'm not gonna sit there and just
let them spew their platform if they do
because I'm not educated on the topic
then I always research it afterwards and
I'll invite them for a second discussion
the difference is that Ruben just lets
people come on and say whatever and ever
challenges any of the ideas I think
that's a difference I don't know but
like if the ideas are so fundamentally
flawed in the first place like why like
give it the time of day like I don't
know it's sort of like the same argument
why take like people off Twitter who are
like they'd I have no idea what they're
talking about to just come on and like
talk for a long time like what's the
difference week bringing somebody like
that on and bring
I don't know I guess no bullshit's not a
very good example because he does
anything that is remotely convincing to
say but like somebody of that caliber on
do want to watch something with me real
quick sure do you have a link to that
Twitter video of Richard Spencer on
Channel 4 News
the one with the black reporter yeah I
don't have a link to it but I've seen it
before
ok hold on I can find it real quick give
me a second are you a my Oh destiny Gigi
chat yeah oh wait no I'm not wait uh all
right now I am ok um one second that
page does not exist
yeah that's cuz I pasted it I think you
got it oh yeah okay let me know when you
have it up and we'll listen to it
together ok and I'll tell you want to
pause now this is really hard ok but
let's say that you're watching this ok
you're a white guy let's say that you
kind of feel like everything has kind of
gotten away from you like you used to
feel really comfortable in your country
and now people are telling you to be
guilty all the time about your skin
colour you hear a lot about privilege
and you're supposed to feel maybe
ashamed of being white or something
let's say you kind of have these
feelings inside of you whether legit or
not to tell you how these feelings now
we're gonna watch some of this interview
ok so are we starting in three two one
go
reckons have benefited from their
experience with white supremacy and we
just have to look at the real oh I'm
just gonna leave that out there
you know that is not even worth
challenging
ok let's pause a real quick at 12
seconds ok so the thing that disturbs me
about this video even more than this
absolutely idiotic interviewer is the
editing done here so that point is worth
addressing don't you think that
african-americans in the United States
are doing better than Africans in
Ethiopia so there's a you asking me you
know saying there's an element to that
isn't there
I mean maybe I don't know there is there
is if you're being honest if you land
and I'm asking you as a lovely versus
say you're somebody in the middle right
you would argue that Kanye West did
things in the United States as a
descendant of a slave that he never
could have done in African and countries
in Africa sure as a Sudanese right okay
that's to some extent true but it's
never addressed why all right watch all
seconds I'm gonna play again are you
ready yeah three two one go well I'm
quite conflicted about interviewing
Richard Spencer he's the leader of what
they call the alt-right which i think is
a new word for fascism and ordinarily
giving someone like that oxygen is
something I think journalists shouldn't
do but here's the difference Spencer and
people like him credit themselves with
providing the intellectual underpinnings
for the Trump revolution and I fear they
might be right this is a group of people
with very dangerous ideas that you've
had to do through the interview I'm the
interviewer I'm Darius life of an
African American in the United States
it's far better than any African living
in Africa so slavery was good for them
all right it looked they benefited from
being in a different nation than their
own no doubt really no doubt how can you
deny that so pause for a second right so
like this is all true so how am I
supposed to feel why is this bad I mean
like it's sort of like arguing with like
a conspiracy theorist right like you
kind of have to like be able to build up
all these you have to be able to break
down all these like super huge pre
assumptions that are just so widely I
don't know that people just don't even
really would make use to make an
argument in the real world so but that's
but that's the problem now so now if I'm
somebody in the middle who's lost and I
really don't have a strong thing but I
kind of feel like I've been a little bit
[ __ ] on by my country maybe I do go to a
college where there's a lot of sjw's on
campus chanting white privilege and [ __ ]
and I'm listening to this guy I mean he
makes a fair point so like in the
journalists I don't know if we even have
to watch the rest of the journalists
never encounters any of these points so
what am I supposed to the entire video
is Spencer making what appeared to me to
be very valid points everything he says
is correct and the interviewer doesn't
counter a single point how am I ever
supposed to walk away from this thinking
like wow that Spencer guy is crazy well
I mean you just don't do it at all like
you don't go in if you're not /
here'd I guess yeah so I would argue
that the interviewer here has a
responsibility to engage with Spencer on
a higher level but that if you never do
engage with them if you just let them go
online and you spear their platforms say
that instead of instead of watching this
interview say I was looking at it on a
website or on reddit or some armed poll
or so I'm sure that I would just listen
to his ideas going completely
unchallenged which they are here and
then I would just think that he's
correct because nobody brings up a
counter to it I mean okay so let me ask
you this do you think that like trumps
like CNN and all the major networks
massive coverage of Trump during the
election definitely help them out um
arguably yeah probably yeah that's
pretty honorable yeah sure yeah so and
obviously I think we can probably both
agree that Trump has some pretty
ridiculous viewpoints that don't really
need to be questioned so when the item
that what I don't agree with that but
I'm sorry go ahead
Trump diamond like things they like I
mean do you really think that it's worth
like arguing with somebody who genuinely
believes that like China made up climate
change to like slow down our
manufacturing I think it's worth
addressing those claims sure so that
people know that it's not true yeah but
you can never like with the alt-right in
the light you can never go on to
disprove it that's the thing though I
guess like you can at least work to
reasonable levels or at least you can
speak to some philosophical assertions
like in a like in this video right here
right with this conversation about
slavery benefiting African Americans
right there is a really simple question
if the interview had been prepared at
all that he could ask Spencer here do
you think that it's okay to forcibly
enslave a person if it ends up
benefiting them later on in life like
that would be a really simple that's a
really easy question that the
interviewer could ask and then it all of
a sudden that spin Spencer in a really
bad light because now Spencer
essentially has to defend slavery as
being morally righteous just because
some people might end up better off on
it so now you come away from that
conversation thinking much differently
right in theory that's what a rational
person would think that you know
yeah asking that question will really
expose something but do you really think
Spencer doesn't have an answer to that
question um he may or may not but at
least you're getting people thinking
rather than just leaving it up to chance
which is kind of what we're doing right
now if you argue that we should never
really question these fundamental
underlying assertions you're basically
just playing the game of who gets to
them first if you take some
disenfranchised white dude in the middle
who lives in a shitty place like West
Virginia
some [ __ ] and you know maybe he doesn't
like the fact that everybody you know
white privilege and all that [ __ ] right
you're pretty much playing the game of
who's he gonna turn on first is he gonna
end up seeing the right clip of Bernie
talking that really speaks to him or is
it gonna end up seeing the right clip of
Spencer talking that that's really going
to speak to him right it feels like
you're playing a game of chance at that
point I guess this is my point with like
Trump in the networks right I feel like
they did engage him in a pretty
reasonable manner and they definitely
did you know they would bring on
scientists and they would bring on oh
absolutely not
they never engage Trump in a reasonable
manner absolutely not
Trump got a ton of airtime he got a ton
of debate questions nobody ever
challenged him on anything I thought I
mean my biggest deals with the coverage
of Trump I thought it was grossly
irresponsible I mean do you really think
that like when they would what what
would they ask Trump when they bring him
on that was just like an easy question
on every debate it was easy question
after easy question every easy question
there was one time during one of the
debates where
[Music]
what was the guy's name Chris Wallace
was it there was one time during the
debate debate where Trump said that um
Trump said that [ __ ] I don't remember
the guys name I think it was something I
think it was the Wallace dude but
basically Trump said that he wanted to
slash the EPA's budget in order to fix
like Medicaid shortfalls and then the
guy brought up the fact that okay well
the EPA's annual budget is like 8
million dollars and the Medicare
shortfall shortfalls were in the
hundreds of billions of dollars right
stuff like that that's a really really
really good question and he nailed him
to the wall on that particular point
that was the only time in every single
debate that I watched during the
nomination question that anybody
actually forced Trump to answer question
oh I'm sorry no there were a couple
other times to when that one guy was a
Jake Tapper when he forced Trump to say
I would punish women for having
abortions when he forced him to say that
that was a really good interview as well
I really enjoyed that that he got too
hammered Trump down on one question but
by far the majority of media coverage
for Trump was grossly irresponsible in
my opinion I mean is it possible that
the reason it comes off as grossly
responsibe cuz every time they asked
Trump a question he's Eve able to easily
dance his way around it and you know
maybe it's on
maybe I assured the interviewers make
sure some fault in this that they don't
nail him down a hard enough but that
Trump just has all these answers that
are unfalsifiable and they can't ever
possibly get to the bottom of it because
Trump's logic is repetitive and it
there's no way to get prove him wrong he
might have answers that are
unfalsifiable but I sure as [ __ ] didn't
hear any most of his answers were just
flat-out [ __ ] rhyming fake news the
