[Laughter]
my politics channel is revolting against
me not really that implies that they
were ever on my side my politics channel
is talking a lot of [ __ ] though and they
don't have a champion to send to me
Oh Thomas you're up to bat what's up my
dude yeah what are we talking about I
don't [ __ ] know pal you Poppi chose
you as her defender because apparently
she can't do [ __ ] papi gets bullied a
lot well pop he was bullying me so [ __ ]
papi
it's a vicious cycle when someone gets
bullied they stop bullying other people
too well well here I am continuing the
cycle alright what's your problem with
modern monetary theory I don't know it
just kind of sounds pretty me me to me
what about it sounds made me the fact
that a government can produce infinite
currency with no negative repercussions
does anyone say that finding money comes
with no negative repercussions that kind
of seems like the MMT argument that I
heard earlier would you like to rephrase
it or something it comes without the if
you're talking about bankruptcy
specifically we mention anything about
bankruptcy I think mainly we're talking
about like inflation I guess no spending
money into existence definitely causes
inflation oh well what is what are the
central claims of modern monetary theory
because it seemed like that was the big
mean that they tried that the politics
Chad tried to sell me on before well the
government can't become insolvent or go
bankrupt by spending this money into
existence as long as soon as a grief I
mean if you play semantics sure
I mean economies and states can collapse
but I mean yeah technically they'll
never go bankrupt sure yeah so by
spending more money into existence that
does cause inflation but also you need
to spend more money into existence the
inflation needs to match the goods
produced in your economy well yeah it's
almost the entire point of the the
Federal Reserve the entire ideology
behind the Fed yes wait so what you need
say is part of the central bank that
monetary modern monetary theory would
explain wait so what new claims are
being made by modern monetary theory
none there's times that aren't generally
accepted wait like which claim isn't
generally accepted that governments
finance spending by creating the money
endogenously doesn't have the whole
point of like quantitative easing and
[ __ ]
yes well if quantitative easing or
printing more money is something that
the Federal Reserve actively engages in
and how can you say that nobody believes
that it actually works I don't know
that's that's what I'm trying to figure
out what are we doing here are you that
what do we do you know we're supposed to
talk about I don't know you're you had a
pretty strong objection to I don't have
any I'm doing I don't know what the [ __ ]
I don't know what the empty all right
are we good the or anything I start to
bring up one stream now you've got the
floor yeah Ben Waldemar okay he's an
anti-semite all right all I can to it
okay all right these are the people who
my politics Chet okay okay we're
bringing in the next one
pinata what's up my dude oh boy hello
what are you here to talk about tonight
do you want to talk about how you're I
mean people say you're leftist but I
would say you're probably center-right
to me Oh live at best and that if like
you said before if you had Rubio or if
you had any other person that was
trumped ahead similar ideology but was
not an offensive person you would have
voted for I what I don't think I said
that well rather than argue about
potentially ambiguous I think I said
like Rubio would have been better than
Trump and I might consider Rubio over
Hillary I'm not sure but okay cuz like
when I heard you say that I was assuming
you thought like Rubio over Hillary I
mean I don't know why there was created
Hillary killer
oh yes I already but honestly I probably
always on the nose I probably would have
always been swayed to Hill away though
if anybody would have ever brought up a
Supreme Court argument that's like the
one big thing that probably always would
have swayed me to a Democrat but but
okay so what's up
Oh um now that I'm on I'd like to talk
about Mexico and the constant issue you
have that keeps being brought up yeah
what's up I every race realist is that
they keep talking about immigration from
Mexico and the immigrations coming from
Central America and that immigration is
inherently required like an aspect of
American imperialism with in the Central
America and America is in general that
they keep talking about how we have
these issues with all these people that
we don't want them they're low-skilled
low immigrate like the people we don't
want but the people were getting simply
because of the drug wars that we have
kind of perfectly perpetrated and the
drug war is that since the Monroe
Doctrine which when it first was put in
like we didn't actually have any
military to back it up but since then we
have in extract like we have changed
military policy economic policy of most
Central American countries and now we're
kind of reaping the issues with it okay
sounds like I wouldn't probably disagree
with anything you have to say on the
story Bob but I think it's something
that if you actually brought up with
them would make a better argument that
the drug war and our relationship to it
and how we have treated similar
countries they would say oh I totally
agree that US foreign policy is [ __ ]
we should fix our foreign policy but
that doesn't necessarily mean I want
those brownies coming to my country
that's what their response will be would
you not say that they're not really
immigrants they're coming as refugees
and then if we could actually help their
countries out they might want to go back
there thus negating the fact that that
becoming an American citizen they would
argue that it's not our responsibility
as America to be invested in the success
of other countries while there are
natives suffering here I don't want to
invest money in a foreign country also
most of these people as long as you're
brown they don't distinguish between
illegal immigrant immigrant or refugee
Nick Fuentes demonstrated this during
our debate oh okay yeah with Nick
specifically so the argument of that we
don't want to spend money on those
countries but we've already spent money
to [ __ ] up those countries and we're
still spending money there to be there
and continue to [ __ ] yeah so what you're
calling is the sunken fallacy cost just
because the sunken cross policy just
because we've invested money there you
know what let's play this game I'll
argue the race wheel aside okay I don't
want brown people coming to our country
because most of them are low-skilled
immigrants I don't want them hurting
native wages and also I don't want them
coming over here I don't want to miss
money in those other countries and that
money could be better spent here in
America when do not argue that if we
could have money spent in their country
they could become a more prosperous
country with another sphere of influence
thus becoming being able to help our own
economy but yet they could stay in their
country where they would want to go
because no other absolutely would not
risk a single native life for the
well-being of a single native to
potentially bolster another country so
that they can potentially become a
successful trading partner to the United
States that's ridiculous if I want to
risk native life continuing the policy
we have now that can kill Americans over
here with I don't want to continue the
policy we have I want to build a huge
wall I want it to be manned
I want it to be strong will put jobs
there now will put people on the wall
will fund it will make sure that
everybody stays out of this country that
doesn't belong here
we'll start by rounding up everybody
that's here illegally so that we can get
people to respect our laws we're doing
it by getting rid of daca we'll export
them all back to Mexico or Central
America wherever they came from and then
we'll build a really strong border wall
and then we'll keep them out of the
country so you have daca which are
people involved in the drug trade you
have a wall that would not actually end
the drug trade and you're not you
haven't mentioned actual American
citizens or American migrants who have
become citizens or I mean now we kind of
can't deport them well if they're here
and they are said to stay but daca
people aren't here as citizens they're
here illegally about yeah but they're
not the ones participating in the drug
war that's claiming the American lives
it's not just about the drug words the
fact that this country was made for
America that we are all of our policy is
geared towards helping Americans and now
we've got 800,000 people that are
leeching off of American policy that
their parents brought here illegally but
you brought up the point of saving
American you don't want to lose a single
American life for them yet the issue
being when it comes to American lives at
least around the border it's not really
like that
chickens but it is Mexicans I don't know
any other Central Americans that come up
with what do you mean Americans are the
ones that are having the demand of the
ones that are helping it move across the
border Mexicans life that not a hundred
percent Mexicans involved in drug trade
a large portion of it is is Border
Patrol looking the other way and we're
being paid sure but we can uh we can
punish those Americans that are involved
with that as well by enforcing the laws
that we have here on this country that's
not an argument for bringing more
Mexicans over here we're not even bring
Mexicans over here what we're seeing
Guatemalans we're seeing Colombians with
anybody from Central America yeah but
they're they're fleeing the violence
that we're perpetrating so if we said oh
I agree that's bad we should stop that
violence but that still doesn't mean I
want them in my country well if we
helped them actually get their country
into some sort of working order which
we've already [ __ ] up well where does
that stop do we need to go help every
single country in South America how much
money is an appropriate amount one you
just need to stop help them that
eventually those people say say Brazil
falls apart but the Brazilians kind of
get stuck at the the Isthmus and Central
America we could you know we could work
with them and prevent that I'm just like
how Turkey is being helped by he was
helping Turkey to pretty much prevent a
lot of limited funds available to us
we've got people that have coming back
from the Iraq war that are committing
suicide at five times the national
average for women and see that's a
totally different argument but it
doesn't matter you we have money that we
need to spend to fix our VA that we need
to spend fixing our own American lives
and you want to spend all that money
trying to help another country that
might even be beyond salvation almost
like money you want to spend money
considering how much money we've already
spent money we've already spent I
already agree with you that that money
was spent incorrectly but that doesn't
mean I want to go and spend more we can
easily reallocate money anywhere the
amount of money we spend on I mean
there's a significant number of things
that we waste money on we waste money
with health care we waste money with all
the foreign aid we can do that you
probably want to eliminate being erased
realize we have military we get caught
from
I don't want to cut our military and
weaken America's present most of our
American military spending is foreign
aid it's not even American it's not like
American military for the American army
most of our military is foreign a that's
not true not foreign aid but it's it
basically what we do is we a lot of our
military spending which is just we want
ok hey can you company X build this many
tanks we don't even use the tanks mainly
what we do is we give the tanks away and
we we keep those businesses running by
selling parts to foreign countries ok I
was part of foreign aid like our
military spending is not even directly
related to America or American defense
well then we can cut down on that
spending as well if you think that
that's not necessary that's bill number
reason spent money in other countries
we're cutting all that down it'd be much
easier too if we were afraid of mass
immigration to create like you know a
stoppage point Central America if we
work on well East even just work on
Panama why can't our baby our borders
that are to our country would rather try
and patrol the Mexican American border
or like the Panama Canal I don't want to
spend money patrolling the Panama Canal
unless we want to take over Mexico are
you implying that we should invade
Mexico and most of Central America and
then take over the Panama Canal and
enforce our I just take over panel the
panel canal we kind of already do but we
would have to take over in Mexico as
well then in order to be able to market
mexico because we want a place it's like
cut off from our country well ok if we
if we work with those other countries we
can get a net benefit from them here's
the part you keep missing I don't care
about net benefit from other countries
if America's economy is a little bit
slower so that we can maintain our own
country spend money on our own NATO's
that's fine America doesn't have a
responsibility to go and help other
countries in South America or Africa or
the Middle East or a million other
countries that everybody's gonna want to
help if we start dumping a ton of money
and also I don't even think you can fix
those countries those countries have
been [ __ ] for hundreds of years why do
you think that America dumping a bunch
of money into it is magically gonna fix
it that's ridiculous because we're the
country that [ __ ] up originally yeah
but they were [ __ ] before we ever got
there our countries like what 200 plus
whole years old barrel oh I mean if
you're gonna use that argument you could
say like Africa is [ __ ] but that
doesn't prevent the you know
colonialization that kind of
extraordinarily helped yeah we should
stop we should stop Kelowna colonial
izing them - I think imperialism is
wrong I agree
there we can stop imperialism that still
doesn't give me a strong argument to go
and help other countries oh oh we don't
really need to have a strong urban issue
if we want to protect the white people
well anything about white people you
extrapolated that if we want to protect
the Americans okay
even though apparently the designedly
brown people why do you keep saying
brown people you're the one that's
making it about race I just don't want
people from Central America coming here
well you said the same thing about
Mexicans brown people like you said that
in the earlier devil's advocate aspect
of this oh I misspoke I just meant I
don't want Mexicans or Central Americans
here or people from South America I
don't want criminals and rapists and
murderers like Europeans are fine well
yeah most of the Europeans that come
over here are fine they're
underrepresented in our crime stats yeah
workers criminal they're fine or is it
just Mexican no not a criminal but high
school labor that's contributing to the
economy in a positive way not leeching
on the welfare system and all not being
a fiscal drain on the state so if we
were able to create harsh border control
punitive measures to make sure we really
quickly extradite or not extradite yeah
or deport Mountain yeah either way
deport any perfectly and criminal from
Central or Mexico so to Central America
if we actually created the border more
or less at Mexico and yet created
another one by Panama and kind of
partnered with them in order to prevent
any Senate or South American immigration
don't you think that would be a stronger
reason and as we helped not even really
helped but or moderately generous and to
the point where kind of just stopped
[ __ ] with countries and stopped
creating a demand for for drugs and more
or less either legalized or
decriminalized to allow Americans to
basically create their own drugs so that
we won't have to rely on Mexican in like
shitty Mexican drugs we could then
collect all of the skilled labor from
there as they can flee their country is
although the skilled labor to want to
leave because they no longer have the
same kind of economy they have because
of the demand that we created for them I
mean we can do all of these things by
just building a strong border wall I
don't know how you think we have to go
into these
the countries and help them well does it
even if we create a strong border wall
the drug demand is going to continue and
if we continue to have it illegal we're
gonna continue to see violence come over
here where can we continue to see I mean
if we really want to are so more in
favor of legalizing drugs here then and
then this so if you legalize drugs here
build the giant wall Mexico and build a
wall by Panama we would helping I don't
want to do a military invasion of Panama
and making a giant wall there I don't
want to fund that I don't want to help
mix what about people that so legally
immigrated from X I know home Panama
okay so wouldn't we want to kind of
prevent South America for coming up
there what about people coming in from
Mexico well you said we're gonna build a
wall right well why would we build two
walls well because one is externally
smaller and it's a lot easier to get
what could take by boat and get to
Mexico and then come in through the
other wall I think we should just focus
on one wall just focus on one wall but
if you want to focus on one wall people
are gonna come across some boat and then
plane oh yeah but it's much easier to
defend the American coast than it is the
Mexican coast really yeah we own America
we don't know in Mexico unless you're
advocating for a military takeover of
Mexico I'm not advocating for military
I'm navigating for military reduction
everywhere ok well how are we gonna
reduce our military everywhere but then
send enough people down to enforce the
Panama wall plus the coast of Mexico
plus the second well the Panama wall
exists we have a river across the
bisecting the entire zone how do all the
Central Americans get into the United
States illegally they cross the river
okay so it sounds like we don't have a
natural wall there sounds like people
and get across it it's much easier to
create a wall there than it would be
Mexico but that's kind of besides the
point I mean I understand the problem
you're trying to get at with that the
fact that race realists will not do any
of that I just think that for non
infernally disingenuous ones the
incredible problematic aspect that
American military is a military or
colonialization
when everyone called of Central and
Central America Mexico has created a
unstable
basically
