hey guys how's it going welcome to
episode 20 of the DT podcast we're
joined by my buddy here trihex today we
have lots of things to discuss are you
doing buddy axe I'm doing fantastic
actually
is it wait wait wait this is actually
episode 20 why is that not right well no
that's an important thing because we
agreed like freaking 16 episodes ago
that an episode 20 we had to like come
to the ultimatum we have to come to dare
I say the endgame and figure out what
the hell are we doing with the stamp
podcast welcome to the last episode of
the DT podcast I guess is what Triax is
trying to say episode 2 my deep my dandy
campaign lasted so I waited we have so
foreshadowing going on here I don't know
I kind of like where we are now but I
know we don't really have a strong focus
still yet like I'm comfy but I'm not I
know we could we could do better if we
could figure it out so I don't know
those importance to bring up that you
know the like like a like a well-written
series you know one kind of like you
know one with like deep intricate achill
alliances and stuff like that I figure
you know like like a well written series
we should play back to the earlier a
continuity of our prior written episodes
you know like copying the Thrones does
well we'll have a meeting and we'll
discuss that sometimes I guess yeah like
oh that's I'm not sure exactly whatever
you know can you own on that because we
didn't talk about this we I'm not
getting baited into spoiler topics again
you haven't watched Game of Thrones so
that's literally the only thing we could
talk about it so you know what well the
difference is I get it it's done now
it's resolved now anyone who's mad about
spoilers now is like whatever I saw a
baby yelling it quits a little like once
it's quip over like season 18 or you
know the season the series finale has
now happened the dust is cleared of your
child have you seen a time went through
yet no I haven't seen one and two you
track your games but check my pretty
serious yeah I spoiled it for you I
can't oh my god dude no but I could have
thought over the weekend on the artifact
directory no it's kind of like the
world's most powerful grocery store
we had everything meirin's avengers
ingame and infinity war and [ __ ] we
shouldn't joke I'm adding that to the
topic list Oh actually thought I added
it after I um I I added it in there but
yeah we uh aftermath artifact
directories on my uh my my list as well
we can even go back to three months okay
um yeah you know yeah dude I'm feeling
good though I yeah I actually got my
life I got a big week ahead of me
actually got a I'm pulling the pulling
kind of a you I'm gonna be like mi a for
a full week I got two events
back-to-back I'll be at a smash
tournament commentating topic for smash
holes minute smashing splashed in
Wisconsin this weekend and then I'm
going to the Irvine global eSports
conference in Irvine so I'll be out in
California but we'll get to a little bit
later on those are there's there is
something relevant to you and one of
these topics and topic listed a vine how
far is that from like LA whereas ever
and it's at northern southern again so
we'll go get to a little bit later
because there is relevant to you a
little bit here trying to figure out
what if we can get some high spicy
collab action going on or not okay yeah
no uh yeah we've been a pop up I mean
because like I said it's like an hour
away from me oh I'll definitely see you
hell yeah it'll happen no way okay there
was a topic on your neck said Wednesday
June 5th and that that was the that was
a spoiler it was like you know I'm
actually I deliberately they flew me out
to Irvine I told them booked me a day
later I've got a whole Wednesday to kill
let's see what we can do wait you're
gonna be of June 5th is that or whatever
the today's Thursday
it's next Wednesday or absurd tape yeah
literally next week neck yeah well
figure it out hell yeah yeah well take
my no yeah yeah Wednesday June 5th
correct yeah that's damn free though the
Irvine eSports conference is on it to is
to is Tuesday so I have the entire
Wednesday to like to kill
uh-huh so be on oh yes we'll talk about
later on though but yeah but due to uh
well according to Destiny's Twitter here
due to me traveling
[ __ ] ass what have you been doing
this right try acting up - let's recap
what happened here you do to me
traveling last week I'm clutching
inconsiderate you know [ __ ] I didn't
uh I didn't communicate with you in
advance
I'll let I'll let the Destiny fanbase
down let the Destiny sub write it down
they wanted to have a petition to demote
me from from co-host now because you
know I'm just you know I think you have
your tracks that's okay I pull the JLP
no III communicate it on black people
Thomas didn't tell you until it's
already happening you know I'm one of
those [ __ ] it just doesn't use
return signal you know cuz I let you
know but I'm gonna do what I'm gonna do
it anyway so [ __ ] you Amy but yeah I
know so did it dude all that do that
miss handling here a new episode last
week so we were just like over loaded
with potential topics this week so it's
gonna be like that hyper over I got
overstuffed bell pepper of an episode
this week mm-hmm so isn't it right
listen what's up I'm gonna come here to
get slandered by you okay I came here
for a couple a hammered from all sides
of the internet over the past few days
you follow me this alone capitalism it's
cool as your coals I can give you if you
want some comfy space yeah that's what I
need right now
tracks I need some company space okay
you look you look like you're not well
rested right now so I am a very well
rested I got at least three hours of
sleep last night okay [ __ ] chill okay
okay how do you feel about playing with
friends online and video games more
specifically if you were playing Mario
maker online do that that about gave me
erectile dysfunction dude I was like are
you [ __ ] serious dude like so I was
like a history of like doing like
horrible anti-consumer a [ __ ] things
apparently where they're like completely
out of touch with like their consumer
base right oh yeah very much so
the two most familiar things that I'm
with or that of the tunings on most of
America the war do you remember the
great [ __ ] Nintendo pocalypse on
YouTube like a few years ago this is
whenever like Nintendo kickin thing
where they just like Nintendo of Japan
would relentlessly content ID tag every
video ever that had anything visual
or looping audio of any of their games
yep that any speedrunner any basically
anybody that's kinda uploaded any
gameplay online Heather Shay claimant
endo and hit like like a mass of fanfic
at the full context right now and they
also been at the same time debuted the
Nintendo Ambassador Program where where
you can join their platform be an
official Nintendo partner but they would
it would be a 60/40 split on all revenue
across your entire channel and under
that program you wouldn't get any
monetize using yourself yeah so yeah
there is I remember there was that
doesn't intend oh also this is Kyle it
allure me me but it doesn't intend like
hate like the pro smash community am I
wrong on that doesn't intend to like
explicitly state that they don't like
the idea that smash exists is like an
eSport that they don't like that they
don't build a gangster that they don't
really support or approve of that
community at all yes mostly yes yeah the
previous president Satoru Iwata was not
a fan of the cutthroat competitiveness
the smash community before when he was
president
Nintendo things have kind of softened up
since then a tiny bit you've seen the
Tendo co-sponsor a couple of tournaments
but in the very small very very small
like involvement they don't like
broadcast anything is kind of like all
they do is like I'm guessing for some
amount of compensation to the tournament
organizer they will put like I don't
know splatoon to what am I gonna intend
to move there to like flex into the
products but yeah nothing crazy
they don't contribute to the prize pool
they don't make it a sustainable eSport
I was surprised probably comparatively
smash players make [ __ ] toothpicks and
dirt and crumbs compared to other
eSports organizations oh the planning
game people in general are pretty
underpaid compared to other eSports
right because I kind of remain so small
uh I would I don't even save you will
yeah a lot of FTC does not make a lot of
money but if you're if you play Capcom
fighters Capcom and never realm people
make more combat they do contribute
enterprise pool so if you're if you're
top if you're a top 1% a more combat or
Street Fighter you you can make it
pretty good pretty living try
but really wait is that actually true
wait actually wait I say sure but like
what are those guys actually get I
thought I thought someone who's telling
me that for like the street part of the
moral Kombat tournament so the Tekken
tournaments like first place and these
tournaments just paying out like in the
thousands like four or five thousand
dollars but like you're never seeing
like five figure first place like pay
okay that is true yeah not like I was to
say those are better than any other any
other thing you are right though you
don't get you give more because the
developers are actually contribute to
the prize pool something that Tendo is
not doing I was more saying that the
Street Fighter and never realm at least
make the prize pools like happen unlike
the tender words like nothing at all
coming from that in sure they can super
grassroots on that whole thing yeah yeah
okay all right seeing all of all the top
1% of smash like really a butchery
either having just the huge amount of
clout from winning tournaments and using
that to translate into being a twitch
streamer or a youtuber or is getting a
sick salary from eSports organization
because of their like huge following on
social media stuff like that I don't
know if we've like actually talked about
super but I'm kind of curious how do you
feel about the fighting games like
commitment to staying like I guess like
homegrown and kind of like resisting
like outside like sponsorships or
anything do you think that's good you
think that's bad do you think it's what
do you think about that well I guess
that's kind of like it's a big socio
sociological perspective to be had on
the fgc I don't know I don't know it's
like a collective decision done by
everyone if it's like a giant mass of
coincidence it's like leading to that
right now I don't know how that would
look like like I guess like painting me
the picture here of if they accepted
things I don't see anyone ever a poster
getting sponsored we picked up on the
fgc well I guess it's like um like man
[ __ ] I'm like somewhat of touch because
I don't watch it recently but like I
want to say like a few years ago like
aren't people like dropping the f-bombs
and [ __ ] like fcg tournaments and
whatnot and like everybody's like
generally pretty chill when I say the
mom's I mean like the one about the gay
people not the [ __ ] word yeah like isn't
the idea that like they want to kind of
have the freedom to do whatever and be
like really raunchy and to be like
really Ross buck but then they kind of
resist like taking us at influenced
instead of tournaments to do so yeah
they uh things will give two things here
first yeah
has definitely toned it down and calm
down a lot but it used to be by dude
crater if I'm wrong here I might have uh
it still might be the case right now but
fgc tournaments like the commentators
will show like full-blown bias they're
not even like trying to show like an
objective neutral standpoint on like
explain what's happened the match like
if you're in Atlanta tournament and
you're not an inline a player he's going
to tell you you garbage [ __ ] you I want
to see you get [ __ ] it on get stomped
blah blah blah you know and if it's like
if it's like you know not even top eight
yeah eat a dick in word yeah you'll get
to get the whole experience there I
don't know if that's still the case now
but that's definitely how it was like as
far back as even just like two or three
years ago a lot of people chattering
saying they don't like really say the
f-word or anything anymore
like I'm finding game related stuff so
maybe it has changed a lot maybe we'll
start to see it getting more I guess
mainstream ish compared to like other
games I don't know I don't know what
like the overall like population as a
console players for things like Tekken X
Street Fighter prepared to like other
eSports but then again I guess I don't
really follow that much at all on
anything related to console stuff so
yeah so for the Mario maker stuff yeah
yeah so basically my understanding of
this is that if you want to play Mario
maker online now I don't know if this is
restricted to rank mode or for all
multiplayer online you just you can't
play with friends you have to like
randomly queue into them because
everything is rated it is dumb or
whatever you think it could be that
justify this being the the the what it
is now it's even dumber than you think
like so there there are two modes when
you're playing Mario maker online more
maker qu online there will be two modes
there is a gonna be a competitive mode
in a cooperative mode co-op mode even
three of three friends can like play the
level together and you can design levels
around that aspect can't be play right
then there's competitive mode and within
the competitive mode where you know it's
you it's you and your opponents all
racing to the finish line in real time
you can have a ranked and unranked mode
and the implication is seem like there
would be that when you do range mode you
can't pick your opponents because if you
could you can coordinate winning in the
manipulate the thing right that was the
implication but it's in-house
communicate actually and then when you
play with friends that would be the
unranked mode because reasons had but
apparently no it's not the case at all
here they yeah unfortunately from what
we know right now Mari maker tool online
you cannot you cannot make friend
lobbies you have to play when you play
competitive mode it will always be with
randoms isn't this like an incredibly
trivial problem can't you just make like
a ranked MMR or say that when your can
have multiple people it like weights
here MMR like I feel like there are so
many solutions to this that can be
implemented server-side that don't have
to prevent you from queueing with your
friends yes that's what's so frustrating
about it I don't there's an everyone's
mad about it there's there's no reason
to lock out the possibility of friend
lobbies this huge nerd for the for
stream ability of the game like that was
going to give like an unparalleled
longevity to being able to like you know
it was like I don't know I don't really
want to hear it this doesn't even exist
in Smash Brothers the new smash you can
make friend lobbies and play with
friends like I don't know why you can't
queue up the francis game it's
absolutely bonkers and stupid mm-hmm
because like now it's like so weird
because it's like the the motivation for
this is like what like protecting the
integrity of competitive online mario
maker like is this something we're like
people brag about like being the number
one rated like oh i'm top 100 Mario
maker latter less like is this really
something I need to be protected so much
like the average kid can like queue up
with a friend like hey like I'm 12 and I
want Mario maker I want to play the
friend and I'm like dude [ __ ] the
whole ladder up kid like what the [ __ ]
do this so it's so frustrating it's so
just make just make friend lobbies on
ranks who the [ __ ] cares no no one cares
like you ask you pull anyone of that
tell you you want a or b it's like just
make it [ __ ] anyway don't care about
that [ __ ] no it's super it's super
frustrating and it's even more so now
because we live in a world we have the
paper Nintendo online service so it's
like just a massive ball drop mm-hmm but
that dog no sticking out behind your
green screen tear right behind you is I
just a dog's nose is barely peeking yeah
that's a
I have the window open so I have the
green screen calling that we don't see
the annoying one it's fine I just like
she's like picking out there's very
function anyway yeah so I mean not too
surprising there's another long list of
dumb Nintendo [ __ ] moves but super
small around I'm really hoping the
outrage of cosna to reconsider it so no
they can fix that [ __ ] it's super super
[ __ ] dumb now as far as why it
happened my speculation is that the
Nintendo being very insular as they are
because at end of Japan develop game I'm
guess I just thought they just view
online a whole different way out in the
East compared to the West is one thing I
think of I'm just thinking like because
you because you can play cooperatively
and competitively like . when you play
it locally but online the rules get
different so I'm just inking like you
think I'm like okay yeah you know you're
in your Japanese household and you're
around the family and you play together
and when you're online it's just like
the variable of having toxic play I
guess is what freaks them out and makes
them not want to do it anymore
or do it at all yeah there are a lot of
memes I remember in the early days of
Starcraft where it was like dealing with
like Korean business people and then I
heard a lot of like talk about like how
like Asian like business culture can be
like really strange or out of touch with
the West and there's like weird [ __ ]
sometimes and I always kind of wondered
if that was true or if it was just
insular to like you know eSports but
then I I see like certain companies like
in the East that have like these weird
problems I say that use I should say
Japan like the relentlessly like their
inability to like port games like the PC
and [ __ ] like things like with Dark
Souls like stuff like this happening
like over and over again and yeah I
don't know I kind of wonder sometimes I
like Nintendo is like totally out of
touch with like all of their community
when it comes to marketing a lot of [ __ ]
this is like a really old meme did
anybody ever end up liking the boxes do
you know what I'm talking about the
boxes open Nintendo had had a big
announcement for a new product and it
was boxes do you remember this laughs
yeah did that end up becoming popular or
did who's that as much of children and
under solder expectations but I I didn't
hate it because it was like something
different there
transfer the new ballot though with the
portability to switch itself okay
the when you build a thing that the tech
demos that the games you would play
using them whether it be like you know
driving a little car that you make using
the joy Khan or making a piano out of
the switch those were they think they
range Muslim or mediocre it's like you
know five me it's like the music for
five minutes you're kind of bored of it
it's not really a lot of adapted to it
itself turn on what building it was was
the real fun part building it actually
was really fun and this that's a real
problem for 70 bucks for it prettiest
pretties like cardboard kits um you got
mostly at one time experience out of it
it was a unique experience but you only
get like you know building it's like
building Legos so you know if you you
know building it's the really fun part
and that's bad unless you're like five
years old just like yeah okay then you
move on okay gotcha interesting yeah the
price tag was pretty steep those dailies
oh okay I don't know if we've had this
episode yet I always have like I've got
a like a whole bag list of like really
random [ __ ] complaints about Nintendo
stuff that like there's always there
okay
well since we're [ __ ] firing them off
here's two more okay I always feel like
Nintendo you know how like some people
like try to be like edgy for the sake of
being edgy like they're not actually as
you but they're just like oh I just want
to do something that's gonna be like so
[ __ ] edgy because that's the kind of
person I am right why the [ __ ] is every
new Nintendo controller so [ __ ]
bizarre is there a reason for this
like a lot of them end up kind of
working I guess but like what the [ __ ]
okay so scream back here I think I can
defend alright in the lab round on each
one minute late about so first in 64
that one was very radical there was no
agreed direction where to head him how
to navigate 3d space hmm if I recall
correctly this is for controller came
out and then Sony
updated their of their her string
controllers to add the DualShock hmm
dual analog sticks to them so they kind
of like saw wouldn't end oh did which
attendant did like with no guidance
prior and did their thing so I look at
it as like a like okay but like even
navigating 3d space why would you make a
controller that requires you to have
three hands to use
it's those options the the emphasis have
been on the d-pad as a controller prior
to the 3d space being like a tangible
thing to be done constantly so they
didn't want to abandon it the three the
the d-pad in its entirety so it wasn't
meant for hands Medford the option of a
or B oh okay so it's like a two in one
minute roll it was like a universal
remote for video games if your video
game was 3d then you get like a yeah
they could think of it more like a
member win blu-ray was valid against HD
DVD like in the 2005 era and people food
make if doesn't want to do is it just
like made dual players from both it's
like that like okay well we're trying
we're gonna bet on 3d space but the
d-pads been the king of controller for
the last 10 plus years
so let's not completely abandon the
d-pad here they know how to integrate
the two together here so they gave them
their own specific left-hand you know
gripper or whatever so it's kind of we
think of it that way and again no prior
example of guidance on how to execute it
that's kind of why it looks so weird and
kind of aged poorly or whatever now okay
next thing the Gamecube was um I forget
this guy's name um before Satoru Iwata
was the old one of the the previous uh
CEO of Nintendo and he he claimed that
controls were getting too complex so to
make a more distinction with the tuna
dolphin became a Gamecube he urghhh of
the controller be simplified in a way
that way things got less complicated so
that's why the gamecube controller
simplified compared to the n64
controller compared to controls they
were met at the time compared to the
DualShock one compared to the in develop
and xbox one bridge the cube cast
controller feel like this little shock
controller is pretty [ __ ] simple it's
the same thing as the earlier
PlayStation one with two pad sided
writing so if you uh if you think about
it now and you are you want sequencing
cuteness here my um Mike I just gotta I
just got bath if you think about a
dilettante controller alright imagine
like your mom holding a controller right
it has four d-pad buttons for face
buttons or shoulder buttons two analog
sticks okay and then three buttons in
the middle that is a quick math or what
16
sixteen button for and it's a sixteen
button awkwardly shaped controller you
have to like to learn how to use and
usually Muslim to figure out of navigate
with a combination of like thumbs both
thumbs and thing and and index fingers
and middle fingers to utilize completely
it's a lot to get used to you've never
held before you know man think about
whenever you hold like a really shitty
design in TV remote and you don't know
where to [ __ ] button is if I look
down constantly the favor what to do if
you're playing a game that requires some
kind of like moderate amount of reaction
time before games fluff you're like
which button is jump which button is wet
what does what and you yeah it's a lot
to grasp for anyone like completely new
to game or whatever so his theory was
that the game controller should be
simplified compared to the current meta
of these sixteen button whatever the
[ __ ] right so only had two shoulder
buttons it only has three face buds on
the right side rather than for your call
correctly I'm sorry extended reach of
the buttons with the C button um the
analog sticks have gates around them but
not full circles that allow a full 360
in variation of movement but rather they
have the octagonal gates where you can
you can quickly pivot to a particular
direction that way you're at the
simplified variable of movement to you
know be more consistent if you're
playing so the game view was different
in that way so there was economically
long term it's not the best for you but
it's a first impression kind of comfy
and it is it is a lot different
certainly a lot better than the Xbox
original controller which was a PC for
sure yeah so okay so remember that one
next one is the Wii the Wii but not one
the Wii was a very very different thing
that um I could derail here about the
development of the revolution in the
leaf you want me to but you did what I
was going for there it did what it
needed to do and it did it really really
well because it made a boom in a viral
usage of people who didn't play games
otherwise you know all the farmville
casuals who are on Facebook barley
because of how radical inaccessible it
was at the time okay maybe I'm just like
to use of the maybe I was too much of a
PlayStation 2 fanboy I guess but all of
the all of the PlayStation controllers
and you hold a PlayStation controller
you feel like you're at home and every
new Nintendo controller that came out
was just looked like some [ __ ] alien
creation I guess oh just blew my mind
so I hear you on that I love the
DualShock 2 of a Dualshock 3 sony also
made missteps here because the if you
remember the 6 axis was the first
generation controller for the ps3
[ __ ] didn't have Rumble and it
felt like a light [ __ ] chew toy I
don't remember that or not didn't
actually good little shock 3 until like
a year almost a year after the ps3
launched you recall correctly mm-hmm it
was a pile of [ __ ] and then the triggers
on the time the ps2 controller really
where they they like came all the way in
they weren't like static buttons and
like that all really weird to me on that
one as well okay um and then finally the
the DualShock 4 I don't know I don't
know this is always a memo of debate you
know should the left thumbstick
controller be word you know should be on
the top left quadrant or should it be on
the on that on that middle left quadrant
you know where it should be what every
61 it should be with the ps1 is and
that's always a big debate because
whenever you're like if you're if you're
like playing Dark Souls and you're
running around you're doing like you
know are three camera controls while
doing the l3 movement you know your
thumbs meet is just like it's like two
days touching it's like okay I don't
think it I don't think the sticks are
that close okay okay here's my final
random ass Nintendo complain okay you
can't defend this hurt okay you can
explain your way to controls all you
want you can't defend this one when the
[ __ ] what in the [ __ ] is up with the
naming scheme of their goddamn handhelds
and we'll know of all of their [ __ ]
consoles okay this isn't impossible to
defend [ __ ] paradigm mmm terrible
okay so your prop them up particularly
at the DS line D s dual screen pretty
simple the revisions didn't have didn't
have longevity in mine at all so over
the really dumb one right so um you know
there's DS DS Lite DSi which again I
think the SI is more like a uh I think
that I means for interconnectivity is
meant to like I forget what the DSi did
different than the other two US models
but you don't care about that those
moments of the important one year um new
3ds and the new 3ds XL
from what I understand the reason why
it's called new 3ds and it doesn't in in
English it looks weird but think of it
like out of Japan I think I think the
translation kind of come a little bit
weird they were using new to make it
sound like a huge distinction like it's
a particular guess a non-standard
adjective to be used but now here it
seems like a it's a very common thing to
describe the condition of something
rather than the quality of something I
guess okay um so it come it just kind of
comes off really weird they're like the
new 30s excel can it play all the
original DS games or no yes I'm pretty
sure it does okay so any so something
has DS written next to it it can play
all the DS games right correct okay
however the the first two generations of
the DS the DS fad and a DS Lite can play
Game Boy Advance games too wait a minute
we're looks like oh [ __ ] it isn't
actually really good about battles we've
gotta build the Game Boy advanced games
are totally not compatible this is
really old but with like gameboy color a
Game Boy right there were totally
different types of cartridges Game Boy
Game Boy Color and Game Boy Advance all
would play on Gameboy it all would play
on Gameboy Advance the Game Boy Advance
each generation could play the previous
generation cut it back were they I
thought the Game Boy Advance cartridges
were totally different I might be wrong
on that though they were but they would
uh they would fit in the slot Oh what
they okay yeah it may protrude it up a
little bit however the DM make some
corners right here however the again the
original DS couldn't play a Game Boy
Color and Game Boy generation one games
but it could play a Game Boy Advance
games but it would stick out quite a bit
though on the on the on the Game Boy
Advance
cinnamon why is it about that why is it
that sometimes they have a console and
then when they make so like they went
from like why do they have like the Wii
U from the Wii but then they go like
GameCube to like what like why why do
they make like an extra we like another
we but they didn't make like ten o-64 to
so that was a massive misstep on there
and okay I came and scheme for [ __ ] I
get like very [ __ ] confused like I'm
Nathan would ask me for like a D s I
have no idea what the [ __ ] DSi would buy
them and
I get really confused like I didn't know
if like the new it was like an upgraded
version of the Wii or if it was just
like a whole new console or I don't know
it dude
Shemp I can confuse the [ __ ] out of me
so I can give you an answer to the that
we use again it's got the way but we use
a big messed up okay we can agree it
sold it sold it bare it didn't even sell
13 million units worldwide it's a very
very bad console okay wait a ball I
saying you forgot about the two DS
what's the two TS the TDs in an attempt
to make the D uh the 3ds line of
hardware cheaper and after the initial I
guess it's the flopped reception of 3d
glasses free vision on the 3ds Nintendo
just removed the 3d functionality and
gave you a 2d s so it's a double screen
equally powerful radius but can do three
but can't do the 3d stuff waiting all
the 2d s in the 3ds games all work on
each other correct
okay VDS can't do three phones now is
there a 3ds XL in like a 3ds like medium
or small or yeah there's a 3ds XL to the
larger screen and is more economically
comfortable because it's just actually
bigger okay gotcha I would recommend if
you and get it though unfold okay gotcha
cool okay was there a 2d XXL or the 2d
si abandons the clamshell design of the
hinge oh wait there is a new 2d s XL as
well and that one does fold okay
so there's an earful the names are
actually awful and are incredibly
confusing I I completely get you there I
can explain I could explain not not
defend I could explain probably they
were thinking behind that but and it
just TL DR it's just Japanese people not
having too much power over the 10 of
America and an America prod can't call
out Japan be like well these names are
confusing they're convoluted they don't
really distinct they don't really
explain the differences here that well
so it's comic a [ __ ] show oh come so
that's that's the short answer I'm gonna
give you one button give you a long
answer dude Mike but I agree it's a
terrible name is being there I do agree
that we you it's entirely is a failure I
would have to be happy to elaborate on
why the name is bad why people get
confused about it being and uh is it an
upgrade as an expansion do you need a
weed to play the Wii U that was a very
common thing as well but I'll skip all
that because I feel like you're
if we're gonna take a dump pattern which
is deservingly I'm not fan pulling here
I'm serving that call out the other
[ __ ] though and talk about
[ __ ] Xbox one [ __ ]
Xbox 360 you talk about these these
horse ass [ __ ] dangerous okay I can
actually give this was the I don't know
of this is real but this was the best
explanation I heard for how [ __ ]
Microsoft was and I will always be
sympathetic towards this explanation
when the Xbox came out shout out to the
original Xbox controller by the way she
kill O'Neal I'm sure it really
appreciated being able to finally play a
console come yeah holy [ __ ] I guess yeah
the original Xbox do you remember which
Sony constantly competed against the
xbox OG yeah yes - yeah so Microsoft was
in a really shitty spot where they could
never call the next Xbox the Xbox -
because then you would have the Xbox -
competing against the ps3 the Xbox three
competing there's a piece for like I
don't know from a marketing point of
view it's like Sony's ads like write
themselves at that point do you know so
I I heard that like Microsoft was in a
weird spot where they basically had to
do some crazy out their naming scheme
for every sick like after every
subsequent Xbox because they couldn't
just use the number due to the fact that
Sony was always gonna be one ahead this
is true you're not wrong they just a
waffle though names are [ __ ] terrible
I guess I mean I don't know what you
would call them that maybe Xbox advanced
or something 360 the 360 kind of like
I'll let that one slide because like it
cuz there's like a reason behind it wait
last night what was the reason behind
Xbox 360 was called 360 because it is
the is the entire what we would call the
full circle of your entertainment of the
red ring of death oh sorry come on of
mine in theory right it is it's more
than just games it's games it's movies
it's music it's the Zune Marketplace is
the Xbox Live Arcade it is your it's
your hub for everything your one-stop
shop ok these even HD DVDs all the
functionality of the Xbox do the power
of X gives you all that there that's the
idea behind it but clear that in bed and
pull out here because necklace came it
took massive the the rise of Netflix to
amass
dump on the competitiveness viability of
the the Xbox movie marketplace music
marketplace you know steam continues if
you don't recall here actually in the
late 2000s Microsoft was really
particular about making sure that
nothing could be cheaper than $20 on the
Xbox Live Arcade and you may recall your
valve one to push updates to left 4 dead
1 or 2 on the console and Microsoft
initially opposed them doing that like
whoa you can't give free updates making
us look bad
Benatar said you better charge those
free updates [ __ ] that dude and that's
whatever um you know game was like
Microsoft's [ __ ] joking went over to
Sony and then ported everything over
there because they allowed him to do as
he pleased but anyway so um Xbox one is
just like doing it like it's I call it
used to call the Xbox the first
generation Xbox Xbox one
you know just number one distinctive
whatever and now they called the third
one Xbox one it's like [ __ ] now what
does the next expert gonna be called I
know [ __ ] the X part I mean [ __ ] no damn
the x-force call it did the next box I I
did I don't keep on my console [ __ ] ah
so help me did the did the steam box
ever do anything do people play that
when you 16 box you mean the steam link
are you talking about like those dos
wasn't a long time ago like there was
like this huge groundbreaking [ __ ]
change that was gonna change up
everything and it was steam selling a
console and it was supposed to be like
this huge [ __ ] thing and it was
called the Steelers and I made a
controller at for it and everything it
was like revolutionary and I thought did
it did anything come from the control
okay so the controller happened that the
steam controller did happen where as a
two-track passes to simulate I guess
like kind of like mouse mouse movement
kind of sorta okay yellow slider thumbs
cross and like kind of aim like you
would on PC shooter a little bit that
happened there you say the steam box
what it was was like it was a bunch of
PC vendor partners that would like make
parts and on DS inspect all in one boxes
that were like compared ly price to cops
that time but not really like the
entry-level ones were like really
[ __ ] because was like it was like
$500 I would like not get you you can
split the way better PC when you got
more than $800 range feels for those
like PC set boxes
that's amazing more competitive towards
what you're getting the bakery bug for
these off-the-shelf parts all put into a
1:1 shell it didn't might take off
because I felt like because again it was
it was a valve partnering Orchestra
steam steam partnering with the PC
vendors like Alienware and other other
people and it wasn't am I going full in
on manufacturing them themselves see
missing they see little - hands off to
be like a solid execution on it I would
say okay so see I didn't really take off
it was a but that didn't matter though
because as you seen here the PC markets
been like blowing up over the last 10
years anyway so didn't matter are we at
a point yet where people have like
slowed down on buying like CPUs and [ __ ]
I remember like maybe [ __ ] ten years
ago should I say I would like the
dual-core started become popular like
every new CPU that came out I'm really
curious I guess on how sales are and
consumer markets like every new CPU that
came out you had to have it like when
the yz6 thousands or whatever the dual
cores were out you had to get that when
the q 66 hundreds came out you had to
get those and then when they started to
release like I was after the Q 600 was a
Sandy Bridge like the 2000 series came
out you had to get that then you have
actually that's that's where we are
right now in my opinion I think you
think you're buying every new CPU
because it feels like right now you
could be right like a Haswell chip like
if you've got a 47 70 or 4790k on your
PC you're probably still okay to game on
it my gaming my dedicated gaming PC I
have two PC's it's still running at 2011
Sandy Bridge i7 a Sandy Bridge I'd still
like a 2600 K or something yeah okay and
I'm still yeah I'm still still banging
it out yeah obviously my GPUs been
changed in since 2011 but like yeah I'm
still rocking that I'm good to go
yeah obviously the advantages that come
now look these like newer newer chips
like they can they can they can turbo
boost better they could have thrown it
until they can uh the what is it here
the bay there are energy consumption a
lot better that the innovations in the
last I would say almost 10 ish years now
has been
in there has been there has been slight
incremental boost of power but nothing
like try come about it's really more
about the power consumption so yeah
we're relevant to laptops we're we're
lithium-ion battery advances have been
very stagnant but consuming less power
has been the new improvement to make
batteries better yeah it's insane but
for like $1500 I think you can buy like
gaming laptops like six core CPUs and
[ __ ] that are more powerful than what
you need for like a lot of gaming stuff
today it seems but excited maybe if I'd
like the massive like triple-a releases
with like the big multiplayer shed or
something yeah yeah I see 12 of you 12
if you're if you can do $1200 your
options for laptops opens up a why
mm-hmm um thousand you know just grab a
little bit 1200 a lot of options because
you can then you can you start talking
about the Dell XPS 13 thing to run that
that in and then if you want to get 1600
plus you can start looking at like some
some some pretty impressive gaming
laptops but again gaming laptop I'm not
advocating for it before chat means I'm
in here clearly I wouldn't support that
I'm letting you know in advance that um
when you get a gaming laptop it's
written the compromise of the luxury but
being portable and you lose and you lack
bang for your buck and upgradability
yeah but won't go if you want to go hard
you could get one of those [ __ ]
monsters but like that [ __ ] fans on
it that's so [ __ ] loud holy [ __ ] I
saw I've seen a couple of these in real
life but they're like these massive
thick like [ __ ] 3-inch [ __ ] thick
laptops and [ __ ]
however the clock is now though in the
last the last of the two or three years
EGP use dude Thunderbolt 3 is so [ __ ]
dope now that you can that you can
actually get around that whole
limitation of you're talking about
buying a discreet like a GPU that is
separate from the laptop and plugging in
basically correct yeah yeah
now that venerable 3 doesn't was at 44 2
gigabits per second on on on on data
transplant and we're now getting to the
point where you can actually like
genuinely have the graphics card
separate from the the entirety of the
integrated PCI slots of the motherboard
and so you can just like you know you
want to buy at gtx 2070 and slap it in
an external shell Thunderbolt 3 to the
to the laptop boom not the most portable
friendly thing in the world but you do
when you do have you know of great
ability you can just slap any
off-the-shelf GPU within reason in there
mm-hmm I don't Tracy no I have not
personally done that but you know you
could do that if you want to know so you
can yeah it what I like the bio too is
you can kind of get like you can get um
you can get a pretty you get you get a
powerful thin ultra book and just like
have your GPU enclosure you know have a
suitcase and then you know when you want
to be light and portable do your thing
when you want a game heavy just plop it
out and then you know if I can play well
I can all your [ __ ] and Crysis 3 it's
how much it actually believe it or not
it's um because Thunderbolt 3 can do the
data power and and video or whatever you
can just like you're gonna have one
cable of the from the from your EGP you
like plugging your plugging your ATP to
the wall with the AC adapter and then
have the Thunderbolt 3 cable go from the
EGP you right to the PC to your laptop
in the Thunderbolt week slide and
that'll give everything it needs power
power and data you don't have to have
like a [ __ ] tsunami of cables yeah
maybe something fun so I guess have you
so you can um I don't look into it I I
but more so that was like Tam this
actually is really really hot actually
it actually made me admire on Mike it
made me admire a one aspect of the 2016
MacBook Pro revision and it has like you
know if you get a 15-inch you have four
Thunderbolt 3 ports working that is a
lot I have not to not on any other
laptop what is not a thunderbolt is
exclusively let's an apple like standard
right you don't find Thunderbolt ports
on like none
I met or not met it if I recall
correctly was a collaboration with
intelligence to develop it but no it's
not exclusive you can you can do it
other Windows laptops have Thunderbolt 3
oh really I should yeah yeah just that
they they at most of them wise and
usually have one or two not four um so
I'm thinking of lightning sorry
it's [ __ ] name yeah light lightning
is a that's cool yeah like lightning is
that yeah that's a it's pretty cool
though when you see what it can do
like I mean do it
it takes a massive dump on USB 300 over
speeds it can do it can pass power and
dad at the same time so wait Thunderbolt
3 it looks like a USB cable so
Thunderbolt 3 this is actually this is
where it gets really really stupid
so USBC okay's a form factor um but
things take the shape of USB C so
Thunderbolt 3 can come in the shape of
us bc because USB C is the hole you know
it's reversible in the plug in a certain
way it's the lock thinner now if you
google if you want to show chatter show
them Thunderbolt 2 what Thunderbolt 2
looks like you're gonna make me I don't
have this other [ __ ] seems ok no no
don't worry about a dude I'll [ __ ] do
it
okay I understand you're gonna make me
do this [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] money I
mean I'm making your YouTube video look
great right now
you know you make it look great by just
being here okay Oh baby baby
okay USB USB two form factors of
Thunderbolt 2 form factor Thunderbolt 2
form factor I'm I got a lot of stuff
coming up but I legit don't know cable
ok Thunderbolt ok Thunderbolt 2 cable I
brought a whole bunch of cables up I've
never seen a cable like this in my life
but okay okay don't leave you this in
this I can't click things for my disk
right now sorry
okay I'll link it in the [ __ ]
in your show yeah link in the chat but
you never [ __ ] read them a link in
your goddamn discord oh there you go oh
yeah that's what we're looking at yeah
okay that right there it's not
reversible
it's a the top is square the bottom is
like octagonal little indent mm-hmm
that's that's the Thunderbolt 2 form
factor Thunderbolt 3 does double the
speed phone from 20 minutes per second
to 40 gigabits per second okay um but
it's a lot thinner you know oftentimes
you have ports this big it's a throttle
on the possible thinness of a
laptop so USBC reversible both sides
better form factor everyone can agree on
that it's a great form factor it's
strong
so you just take you take a nibble three
and just make it in that shape so is
being complicated so for us BC
Thunderbolt Thunder oh Jesus Christ I
got holy [ __ ] I'm feel like I'm a
[ __ ] boomer now so a Thunderbolt 3
cable will always plug in it has to be a
USBC form factor it can't be like so if
you've got a laptop that has like a like
a USB to form factor or a USB a form
factor report that would never like do
Thunderbolt would it correct okay
it gets really dumb here because you can
have you can have USB 3 o or even 2 O in
a type C form factor you know where has
different different speeds different
different throttles what distincts a
particular funderbolt port is that we
have that that time that thunderbolt
load what you saw in that cable you
showed there it'll have that next to the
port that's how you know it's
thunderbolt certified well now I wonder
if I does my razor laptop have a
thunderbolt port should be okay keep
talking ambling this up because I'm kind
of kidding yeah it gets really [ __ ]
dumb you try to buy like talk about USBC
cable oh [ __ ] I have a my port is
thunderbolt there you go yeah so that
means that means that your your razor
laptop is a GPU ready to roll
Oh what the [ __ ] that's sick as [ __ ] so
you can you can buy a little you can buy
a GPU enclosure and smack a [ __ ] 27
that [ __ ] is level 5 and you know oh
but that then that port on the side yes
looks like it it looks like a USBC port
and any USB C will plug into any
thunderbolt port right any USBC cable
should be able to plug into and interact
with like a thunderbolt correct yeah if
your thought if your Thunderbolt 3 port
you're automatically gonna be able to
your backs compatible was like
everything else between yeah interesting
I wonder if I actually have this point
on my computer I feel look at this know
again talk for like two seconds I got
I'm super curious now go
yeah the app the adaptation phase one
from USBA
what you guys know it's a traditional
USB port um is painful like this cable
this cable does suck to sound verse of
all there's a lot compromise the output
clip I'm wrong here the output the match
output of a USB a port is like what 12
12 Watts so if you can't charge things
very very fast and [ __ ] like that but
once we get out of this phase we move on
to I'm not I'm not saying here I'm
advocating for a trend honorable wife
from a period on a spec basis when you
get to USB C when you get to even
Thunderbolt 3 things you can do or super
sick
so let's not focusing I have a Q SBC
thing on my laptop I didn't even know
this it's a thunderbolt one that's all
wow thanks yeah do what you're um do you
know your grabs part is inside your a
laptop I want to say it's the 1070
mobile version it's a razor blade 15
there I think they have a special name
for their mobile cards they probably do
well the point is like if you find that
cards not not good enough like if you do
like I don't know I'm trying to think
you're what's what puts graphic
intensive you're all like a max Q or
something an something like that yeah if
you're like trying to play games on like
max on the go if you're trying to like
do some like some some big dick energy
you know a Premiere Pro or Sony Vegas
video rendering
I'm sorry it's be rendering a GPU task
or CPU tasks I think generally video
rendering I think is if you're like
doing like a render farm [ __ ] I think
it's usually GPU because it's like a
highly paralyzed operation I think I
think but I think you can also do it on
CPU as well I think it just depends on
the software you're using but I'm
getting us both yeah so you can do that
but yeah no it's pretty cool um it
didn't get even better here it goes look
like a I got I was I was I was the more
I read on it it was like oh my god dude
and the fact that Apple had had four of
these [ __ ] on s her as her soul
io on the Mac books in 2016 when most
laptops back didn't have
most one they have for you know that is
that's pretty cool
I feel admit though that okay I'm sorry
what let's say that I bought a second
1070 wait can you sli the 1000 series
and beyond anymore or did an nvidia
basically get rid of it hmm so sonic if
I bring like a 1070 well I thought that
you see that the 900 series of the 1000
series I think they basically got rid of
SLI or like you can still do it but it's
like no scaling or maybe they got our
ion remember I think like um that like
the scalings like aren't like that grid
anymore oh people saying it doesn't even
exist yeah do you remember you used to
be able old AMD CPUs one of the edges
that they had on the Intel ones whether
ap use the built-in GPUs on the CPU was
superior to the Intel ones by quite a
bit
but you they actually had like the head
equivalent to the GPU markets I remember
you used to be able to buy certain AMD
GPUs and you could actually crossfire
those with the APU on your CPU does that
make any sense
no no yeah I remember this was thanks a
lot
yeah that's pretty funny actually no
it's funny the only reason I didn't go
AMD on my my first build was my friend
who was art was like a savvy PC you know
you know custom PC PC and Mark person he
was already on Intel so I was just like
look I know how I know how to build
Intel not to walk you through it so you
should go into my first my first tango
was very influenceable was my friend
sorry had already had an Intel building
walking clearly yeah so that's the main
reason amongst others I've never I
haven't I've never gone AMD on the build
yeah and we always like really
frustrating arguing with like brand
loyalists back in the day that would
like be hardcore allegiance towards like
one or two brands Oh goddess or [ __ ]
cringe it was like [ __ ] like the
capitalist like I'll defend this brand
to the death and it's like damn you're
getting paid to like she'll that hard
for Nvidia or AMD dude the [ __ ] is wrong
dude anyway posture I'm really loving
that the PC talk you know that's what
you're reading the thing here that
reminds me did you just say let's go
back one console generation go back to
ps3 360 right huh do you ever have much
butthurt how much ass pain there was
over ambu bono fan
fantasy 13 coming to three tacks box
people wash their [ __ ] PlayStation King
what the Oh that'll make cry for coming
xbox man just I don't know if you member
remember us being like fanboys work
absolutely out of control it almost
seems comically dumb now back on that
but the a Spain was for the [ __ ] roof
dude I kind of I can sympathize a little
bit though cuz with consoles like part
of your like a big part of the sellable
consoles literally console exclusivity
it's all you have you lose that
exclusivity you're literally losing like
if every game that came out on
PlayStation was available on PC like
will [ __ ] why the [ __ ] would you buy a
Playstation so I can't I can kind of see
people getting ass paint over it but
yeah it's pretty funny how like the
console allegiance is so crazy but back
to the back to the a GPU thing yeah it's
pretty cool all around so just yeah you
can it's just so it's backwards
compatible you get you get you know 42
bits per second plus data video audio
off and go through there it's pretty
awesome and then when you look into it
further here at the EQ market it's a
young market right now but it's blowing
up at this current time uh-huh and I've
seen some really fancy um e GPU
enclosures that not only can do the
whole like put your card in there make
it look cool have LEDs rice it out
little little tuner window that would
use your cool GPU doing its thing um but
also if you have a USB hub as well you
know if you're uh so you can have you
can plug on all your USB a [ __ ] into the
GPU itself so you'd like some of them
include like a 4 a 4 port USB a the
little USB slot 4 port USB a hub into
the thing all through the Thunderbolt I
am empty nest oh yeah so it was pretty
pretty hot man that means you can just
like whip out your second [ __ ] your EGP
you it's like throw a monitor or two or
three or four view book you know you
know it you know big dick car or
whatever
uh-huh all to the GPU you can plug in
your keyboard and mouse
you know USB a into the hub itself and
family one cable the link to the laptop
and be like oh [ __ ] that's pretty it's
pretty sick so you can you can build
like a pretty powerful like docking
station if you wanted to you know
transcript ops go and plug it in that
one cable pop and
off you go okay great we're getting on
to the second topic okay yeah yeah yeah
you just lost you put on the first one
throw it out in flexing flexing second
topic here real quick yours here
III give me like the one thing you're
looking for from III this is an easy one
for me what's the one big thing you're
looking forward to for me three looking
looking forward to ah I don't know if I
look forward to much anymore I mean I
got some more mark maker details my main
thing here but that's a boring answer um
curious about is really the Pampas is 7
remake don't steal my answer I want to
go for a section everybody ok
I can't wait for the [ __ ] I don't
give a [ __ ] I want that Final Fantasy 7
remake I'm high piss [ __ ] about it I
don't care if I if the game is [ __ ]
horrible I don't care if there's like
DLC that you buy to revive eras for
$29.99 there's some dumb [ __ ] script
Oh apply for 29 wouldn't surprise me
honestly this is I saw an interesting
discussion pop up lol spoilers related
to spoilers though actually it was
whether or not people should be so vocal
about Eris dying or if that's something
that should be treated as like a spoiler
now because there's like people say that
but there's like there's a whole
generation of gamers that have never
played Final Fantasy 7 right like this
game was like I'm 30 years old and I
pretty much like was like part of the
generation that got into that so if
you're like 20 like 24 or younger
there's a good chance you've never
played Final Fantasy 7 before maybe
people should like tread a little bit
more lightly when it comes to discussing
like major plot points of out of Matthew
7 I don't know I think it's an
interesting discussion topic ok ok
alright it's interesting sure so if they
remake Scarface and does he die if you
live is it gonna be that big drug
kingpin what what do you do not do you
not you have to avoid bringing up the
ending from the original movie I guess
it's a little different because like
film has always been like ubiquitous in
all of society whereas gaming back in
those days was not like way way what was
the overall gaming market like was it
even in the billions in 97 when Final
Fantasy 7 came out like I don't even
know how big game burger like they were
like wait wait but now that it's
exploded to be like a global phenomenon
there's like there's like legitimately
like everybody's going to know like
roughly
the ending of like you know like what is
a rosebud or or like the ending of like
major films or not but for videogames I
think a lot of people you know would
have like no idea and reasonably so but
yeah I don't know but then together like
a million memes about like air Astana
[ __ ] so who knows yeah I I would say
more
if the spoil of that alone would tear
you away then I think it's more upon the
remake of the remake effort to make the
execution Oh careful you're making a
destiny argument right now watch out
okay what's the yeah
here's radical I'm just saying it's like
if people are going to get spoiled all
day long uh-huh anyway as sociology is
going to show people gonna discuss like
you know the hot points anyway then if
you were remaking the game it's your
agenda to like more make the execution
of the known plot points more
exceptional now and they work back then
huh cuz clearly you know her dying alone
can't be like uh I didn't see that
coming because clearly but everyone's
will talk about it's gonna happen so you
guys are now like kind of like modernize
it make an effort to modernize it and
say okay well how that happens is be a
little bit different or how it struck
house present these to be event that you
can't miss sure if you know she if you
know she dies spoilers then you know
whatever but how that cutscene plays out
and how it looks it needs to be like at
even you need to see not to be told
about you know I'm saying that's why
that's why I think you you want to
aspire to do if you're making the remake
I'm kind of curious if um I'm just
dropping a poll real quick sure kind of
curious how many people have actually
play a final but he said we have you
ever III played look at hour and a half
of it when I was like 13 because I heard
it was like a really really good game I
didn't get it it was also my first like
traditional JRPG so I just think I think
I was just like too impatient back then
to like do you like it RPGs at all or no
ooh good question there actually I I
have not given them a chance to play on
the stream because I find it or they're
not the best streaming that play yeah
you know you're Merson applaud you're
prone to spoilers or everything back
said you want you do wrong or do it's
not a very interactive experience so
I've not been here to it to do junior
confuse my stream but I do want to do
them eventually this is interesting
dropping a poll and shred it seems like
about seventy five percent of people
have never played Final Fantasy
so Center okay should then always for
example I would check out the remake
though I will check it out because it's
like you know it's it's convenient now
to be part of the meta and like
experience with everyone else it seems
weird to me I don't I guess I don't know
cousin followed gaming like how many
politics back then the Super Nintendo
had a lot of RPGs on it a lot of JRPGs
on it it seems weird to me that when the
n64 rolled around somehow all of the
JRPGs or most of them ended up going
over to Sony I don't what about you
happen do you want to yeah I give you
the exact answer sure was involved
scarce after what go hit me up so
whenever Sony was planning to
collaborate with Nintendo to make the
Nintendo PlayStation you recall this
it's gonna be a CD add-on for the Super
Nintendo uh-huh that project fell apart
due to a Nintendo not liking that Sony
I'm gonna be the pong games that's work
if that fell apart backbones get a lot
of a lot of fun interesting details cuz
it's been debugging another 10 minute or
an about some [ __ ] I don't care
about right now so then whenever
Nintendo boldly chose to keep using
harvesters for the insects before mind
you they had what is it like a tenth of
the capacity of a single cd-rom that was
not really that wasn't gonna fly very
much with with the third-party
publishers yeah I stood in like here
that Nintendo at the time controlled the
manufacturing process of its four
cartridges so when you wanted to like
produce a game be 64 get the contract
Nintendo and they would often tell you
by ke ok these are the prices for the
cards does they're expensive and yet
they make a minimum order of like
certain sort of certain thousand or
certain thousands of increments right so
you said less control over even the
manufacture in the game that you want to
make on their console and pay them west
seafood a license a licensing fee for
comparatively can manufacture a cd-rom
but none of that [ __ ] for you know
getting with 10 extra capacity for
probably a quarter of the cost of not
less thinking of storage did any of the
Nintendo did any Nintendo 64 games have
like CGI cutscenes or was a just not
possible to store that much data on a
n64 cartridge I don't think I told
textures were throttled for space and
audio is a very expensive thing I'm not
even thinking of like like textured like
so like rendered
I'm talking like pre-rendered stuff so
like we would call them like CGI
cutscenes like get back in the
PlayStation days like right where the
render stuff did any of that exist on
the n64 I'm gonna say no if it was if it
was it was very very few just because
again you're capped on space so [ __ ]
hard dude if I recall correctly um oh
[ __ ] I don't make up a number here and
in an n64 card had that was of like
[ __ ] C 60 megabytes that correct gen
64 cartridge storage and then it's in a
cd-rom with 700 megabytes what you do
you have like diddly flood for space man
it was it was terrible to blow out like
the even to even try to like a port ff7
this is before we've been a total
[ __ ] nightmare cartridge size varied
from 4 megabytes to 64 megabytes at the
top
damn okay yeah okay that makes that make
sense cuz okay I guess there are certain
games that were really expensive on the
64 and they probably internally use the
higher cartridge for example and this is
this is something you seem pretty common
throughout the history of cards is here
um Final Fantasy 4 for Nintendo DS is
not $35 to actually $40 because it uses
a special higher capacity DS cartridge
and that constant within the higher
price tag so it's not it's it's not
uncommon to see I don't know what games
whatever game is a 64 Meg cartridge for
an n64 was probably very expensive I
imagine it was probably Congress Bad Fur
Day because I came as a [ __ ] ton
cutscenes which means a lot of audio and
the audio is really expensive space wise
to fit on that kind of cartridge so damn
yeah but yeah that but due to the choice
to go cartridge being really annoying
manufacturing process and oh my kind of
like cut the giant gridlock on and the
minimum order the minimum thousands of
orders or the minimum thousands quantity
or order uh like inventory you'd have to
hold basically yeah yeah yeah you think
I've been in order in order to you can
get them things made so it's made like
it made everything a really high risk it
kinda the no brand it's like over the
place
also PlayStation came out of here
earlier this is come on
and fall 95 and the entity for didn't
come out until August I believe August
96 yeah so they had a whole year head
start and we're doing pretty good and
had 3d graphics to the punch and all
that stuff
analyst ringer dollars so sits down they
had a lot of meetings one gets it very
Joan when those I remember when those FM
bees came out people were like [ __ ]
wedding themselves jerking Souls off it
like especially like Sony related stuff
back in the year is equal one me people
[ __ ] cream their fans
did you ever this is a perfect random
did you ever play the horrible [ __ ] tier
game Starcraft 64 no I saw at
Blockbuster and I always thought it was
funny at blockbusters a kid running
games I made so many hard judges off the
boxart
and in the back art and I was like this
game looks dumb [ __ ] this game in it but
I did look at it consider reading at one
point huh how bad how bad is it it was
really rough it was pretty [ __ ] hard
to control holy [ __ ] yeah was it a port
or was it like I want to say it had its
own campaign that was like some random
Side Story that isn't really relevant to
the main story it always something but
man it was hard as [ __ ] to control but I
mean that's like me my guess you kind of
have to play it heard that dude okay so
nothing so you're not like looking for
it to any huge like III [ __ ] we've kind
of like talking about 83 in the past up
a bit where you don't like how much
about it as a yeah it's declining of
popularity it's the or it's declining
like industry relevance because you're
seeing today you know the Deaf stranding
trailer came out which they got leaked
oh sure real quick I'm sorry people are
saying you didn't have the main campaign
on the cartridge I'm sorry maybe I only
tried to play multiplayer with a friend
so maybe that's why I'm thinking of like
random side campaigns I don't remember
playing the main campaign but maybe it
did sorry okay go for it yeah declining
relevance you're seeing all these
announcements come out ahead of time
that they get their own like days days
specific unicycle interests in general
you're singing to continue to like lose
relevance and people are coming to
acknowledge you they don't have to go to
e3 to get a three-tier coverage of their
announcements like they want anyway so
that's kind of the whole thing right
there
as far as e3 goes with what I make
for ya again still nothing though I am
mostly curious about the ff7 remake
because Sony not going to e3 and Square
Enix choosing to take Sony's previous
slide so they're the they're the I think
they're that ugly there's a show closer
action this year there's a final one so
they're they're probably gonna have a
good chunk of detail or if you're good
when you pick you know the X so nice lot
uh-huh
let me just a pretty some pretty big
shoes to fill all right so I would
assume they had they're gonna let them
they're gonna blow the lid off on a lot
of ff7 remake I don't that means release
date I would hope that would mean hell
do you at least get at least hear out of
that but I guess we'll see when we get
there
[ __ ] a release day would be - [ __ ] but
but you have play the right you have
played seven and beat it is that correct
hell yeah what the [ __ ]
don't ever [ __ ] ask me that question
the [ __ ] I'm sorry I'm sorry
George your [ __ ] question gamer ya'll
true games on boots
God's tinium so okay okay gang can your
take your on on the fact that um would
you be upset if it does we have a caddis
confirm yet if you're a call back there
was a 2016 interview done that that ff7
remake was gonna be episodic that no I
don't hear about this Oh tonight's topic
really you don't hear the truth about
for two things here one I can elaborate
further they wanna hear about it - this
was [ __ ] three years ago so that
might have changed since then you know
they literally changed development teams
since then so it might be a whole
different thing now and then also they
had they have the thing - about the
whole thing is that people had affirmed
they had data from hitman hitman from
Square Enix the the new hit me I'll hit
B in 2018 or whatever was episodic but
hit but the sequel to was not episodic
they loses a full game because it sold
better or whatever the [ __ ] so it might
not be confirmed to be episodic but you
know I'm wondering here what's your take
on that
oh I guess like but it's more like I
don't know is it gonna be episodic like
in that like to finish the main campaign
you're gonna have to buy different
episodes or is this gonna be like you
can buy like DLC episodes related to the
characters or something
I understand it as so the defense I
recon mmm I'm recalling a recall here so
forgive him if the facts are wrong
the interview was Japanese it was
translated so it's like already kind of
like squatchy here and there but the
defense being that ff7 was already a
three disc game so therefore we can find
good stopping points that won't
completely butthurt everyone into
oblivion maybe get bronze but like I
feel like in Final Fantasy 7 I feel like
disc one was like if you're just going
for completion disc one is like 80% of
the game or like to finish the game and
then disc two was like really short
compared to disc 1 and then disc 3 you
could just run to the northern crater
and like finish the game or you could do
all the side [ __ ] but I could be wrong
on that I guess so yeah there's a lot of
taking into it so says episodic um
doesn't mean three discs or three games
it could just mean you know two episodes
at minimum you know you could have it
full kind of like an adventure style
thing where spoilers air thighs and then
that's like you know where one would end
there would be that part two or whatever
right it could be kind of like that and
just that kind of like in and then above
all your action in actuality it could
get away with it ff7 is such like
monumental clout as a good nostalgia
game as like Millennials don't like fact
this should matter what they do I really
miss relevant now yeah I really miss the
old [ __ ] um the old [ __ ] JRPGs
like I'm [ __ ] so over open-world game
i mean i never liked open-world games
and I'm so over JRPGs with like shitty
characters and shitty story I don't know
I hated Final Fantasy 15 people are
saying I needed to like [ __ ] watch
the anime OVA and then read the manga
and then travel and and go and see like
I don't [ __ ] know yeah but like D
like the fight about is a 15 story was a
[ __ ] [ __ ] the characters are boring
that's telling you hey look man the
anime is really good when you get to
episode 7 I promise you the best effort
it's like well hey you can't just tell
him the episode 7 minute it gets good
that's not the something yeah but my
final fantasy lady's slave I gotta like
read the manga I gotta like [ __ ]
Final Fantasy 6 films on each character
and figure out what Final Fantasy 6 to
10 we're so much [ __ ] better than like
Final Fantasy 15 or any the only
exception I can think of was [ __ ]
Nier automata
I love that [ __ ] go so good I really
miss old JRPGs and it seems like the
only GOP GG Zakaat now or or like the
most popular ones now are things like
[ __ ] Dark Souls and [ __ ] which is
like a fun player game like it's the
gameplay is good but as an RPG it's
[ __ ] [ __ ] and like I really miss
having looks like really strong
character driven games and it just seems
like they totally fallen out of favor so
I hold a little hope out for a final 987
we'll see how it goes I guess I haven't
played percent of five eight oh [ __ ] so
there are two more point five seven no
one asked you Bach is yours you're a god
gamer mm-hmm why you don't like FF 15
which that worries me because the
director the director of ff7 remake is
still a tester Tamura who the reason why
you like fifteen probably is because I
put through a very troubled development
cycle where insisted amoral it's kind of
like ADHD crackhead it pretty pretty
much he once throat every idea he ever
has to every game yeah so it's like all
there's no focus like a giant bloated
mess uh-huh and the games never get done
that was kind of to an extent we haven't
5015 kept getting more and more [ __ ]
added to it during the development cycle
along with engine changes along with
other [ __ ] that the director of whatsit
5 minutes a type-0
to come in like a year and half before
the game released and actually like get
it done so things got done and in here
now with us with 7 remake I'm just not
very confident from them from the
patterns I've seen that Nomura is a
cable it's a competent game developer
yeah I think it's like I think isn't
whatever like a debatable creative
director you should be supplying ideas
but you shouldn't be over heading the
entirety of a project because he's like
doesn't know when to say no or I
wouldn't when they get things done when
they're back things the [ __ ] up or
whatever
uh-huh so I I do worry that she mine and
get it released year this year for
episode I weren't like if he's 90 bad
exactly he's not focused on the if they
copy most of the fun already 7 story and
characters then [ __ ] it I don't care it
cuz like the Final Fantasy 15 fight
system was was really like easy and
honestly like after playing it for like
30 minutes I thought I would get really
bored of it but I never did get bored of
the Final Fantasy 15 fight system I
don't know why but I always had like a
lot of fun with that so like I guess
like if they poured a lot of the
fighting system over from that game and
then they maintain like most of the
integrity of the original story and
characters then a fika I mean whatever
do you um do you care about laughing
here oh yeah go for it okay the last
thing here to I'm sure you know is
already by the
50 mf7 remakes going to abandon the
turn-based combat yeah of course yeah no
one will make a turn-based combat system
anymore
that got more of a clap back then I
expect to hear people were like mad
about that are you mad about that or do
you find that reaction I like building
I'm like super critical of fun of any
z15 and I have every reason to hate it
and [ __ ] on it and I love that comment
system well I've always had love I liked
it I really enjoyed it it was fine so
like I mean you kind of have to move
forward like having like an active Time
battle the ATB whatever system in like a
new game I don't think it would I don't
think I think people install doing a
little hard it's gonna be modernized for
sure but I'm okay without any that's
fine well yeah that's a that doesn't
want my major points concerning the
remake I guess we'll revisit this topic
whenever uh get gifted sweet deets from
e3 or the elite oh my god the parade
thing the shimmer parade thing trying to
get the perfect like shouldering your
gun and all that [ __ ] I was a [ __ ]
nightmare show we don't ask actually do
you suspect that there will be any
changes to modernize the game narrative
Lee like I don't know that because of
the story but like cloud cross-dressing
will it there's a lot of like really
dark things so like I don't know like
how much people have like thought
rethought of the Final Fantasy 7 story
but like basically the start of the
story is you are a mercenary for hire a
cloud is a mercenary for hire for a
terrorist organization that bombs like
reactors that are like taking energy out
of the earth it's like kind of like a
green movement they like they're
basically eco-terrorists like really
like they really are like the city of
Midgar the the rich aristocracy that
live on top are sucking all of the
energy from the planet causing pollution
killing the planet so they engage in
acts of terrorism in order to destroy
their [ __ ] I really wonder how much of
that will be carried over into the
[ __ ] Fame game because like yeah
that's it's a pretty yeah it's pretty
interesting that when you frame it that
way mmm actually talking about the the
main plot of the thing I think they have
this
I think it's evidence a cloud that just
like not even [ __ ] about any kind of
like cultural relevance or insensitivity
issues are gonna it's like keep the plot
as it is i'm auram it like the
miscellaneous stuff that may come to
mind I don't know if I go sending an
inappropriate joke
that are massively quoted from the
original game or again the cloud
processed name could be could be a thing
here I don't know like I don't know
there's the whole cloud cross-dressing
scene cloud beating the [ __ ] out of eros
it's like domestic violence maybe
because he goes crazy in a scene I don't
know how much will be kept you want to
know the real [ __ ] stream the one
that really gets me mad though is you
meet a character called Kate Smith and
he claims to be a fortune reader what
the [ __ ] basically tarot cards
oh man that's what really grinds my
gears hey cat was baby there's a market
for it [ __ ] it let's go
yeah tifa's boobs will probably be
[ __ ] huge because Japanese people
love that [ __ ] so that those will still
be massive Barrett is like severe it
like emotionally that's been that's been
slowing out a little bit of the the
latest dead or alive fighting game
actually toned down the the boob jiggle
and the absurd like forces that all the
girls had oh sure but that's like it's
like one name I can think of here but
you're I don't know Tifa could have huge
knockers but not in [ __ ] case it was
a [ __ ] character so here's a fun fact
that cuz final minute one thing that a
lot of people don't realize too is Final
Fantasy 7 story if you didn't like pay
close attention as a kid the actual
story of that game is convoluted as [ __ ]
it is insanely [ __ ] complicated and
probably not in a good way not like in a
Metal Gear Solid 2 way where everything
makes sense you just have to like read
everything but like in a way where you
have to do like quite a bit of
inferencing and there's like some weird
[ __ ] that's not like necessarily fully
explained
but the oh [ __ ] wait what why did I
bring that up oh I'm sorry the fun
random fact that I've noticed this
[ __ ] at a conversational time ago a
lot of people don't realize there's Cait
Sith is actually Reeve from Shinra I
think the guy that wears blue apparently
there are a lot of people that missed
that Cait Sith is controlled by Reeve
and the Shinra office he's one of those
execs I don't know if a lot of people
know that or not but there you go
there's your random factoid of the day
but um someone might be brought up here
can we did you hear about this about the
Japanese reaction to airspace that's
also on Twitter they didn't like that
her face looks like elongated or like
long and narrow it doesn't it doesn't
look anime enough or a Dave there was
like a someone did like a change to make
it look more
and realistic or a non anime I don't
know I watched a video that I don't give
a I don't like obscenity well I watch
like there was a five minute video some
asian guy going over like the difference
between her face before and after and
whether it's too long or not long enough
that like i don't know whether she looks
like a child or not a child like while
you're looking for that somebody said
front of minute it's not convoluted
other than the flashbacks listen we'd
have to go back though but there are
like a few things that are pretty hard
understand so like for instance like
what this is so this is something maybe
everybody got the reef take this is some
and i think more people didn't
understand you don't see Sephiroth in
any size shape or form until you
actually get his body out of the
northern crater you never see him the
sefirot that you see until then is
actually just like a Genova thing a lot
of people don't know that or didn't know
that and like the way i don't even know
if there's enough in-game without
thinking a lot to actually understand
that but there's like yeah there's like
a lot of weird [ __ ] related to to the to
the final matters you seven plot there's
like not immediately noticeable but
tokyo source to the video on it but
that's about it like that someone give
me the Photoshop mashup here oh here we
go here common okay so i'm gonna link
this in your everything alright so boom
boom oh also the first time I beat Final
Fantasy 7 I didn't get you feet war
Vincent as characters I miss both of
them holy [ __ ]
oh yeah I've seen did people have like
gone back and forth or are I least I
watched a video with some guy going back
and forth on whether he I think it's
really important that those who don't
see it you can see like the the
difference here because it because like
we're just talking about it no one's
been if they don't see it then I can
build on this thing we're talking about
here like I don't know like if I look at
these too long I don't know which one
even looks real or normal to me like if
I saw anyone like just normally like oh
that's a girl's face but after looking
at them too much like the one on the
right kind of looks like creepily short
and the one on the Left kind of looks
like very long and I don't know like
what I'm supposed to even see anymore
the loner right I keep seeing like a
like a Navi from Avatar wearing human
flesh rather than meeting blue looks
like a cat face me I personally like the
I find the left one totally fine but but
the effect that the Japanese had enough
reaction to actually make it make a
complaint in some form to this point to
actually make mock-ups of what they
advocate this you should look like
mm-hmm I'm interesting so I don't quite
I'm trying to see what they see with the
whole thing yeah I calls in chat we'll
see what they think you said that case
earth was Reeve is he the cat or the
moogle robot wanna know he controls the
cat and the moogle he controls them from
the Shinra offices that's why when you
go up to the Shinra building if you
remember early on if you open one of the
lockers when you're going up through the
floors on the back you find a megaphone
and you can't use it that megaphone is
reeves that's his locker when you come
back later when you do the bombing
mission and you open it up again that's
Kate Seth's ultimate weapon oh we're
split 55/45 split slightly favoring the
left
I think oh I see one being stupid okay I
was trying to show my Jack the thing IQ
IQ [ __ ] it up there split on it though
uh-huh how do you feel about ending a
guy to 100 again I like fun but I don't
think you need one I think I 100 percent
of it without a guide like the golden
chocobo stuff you can talk to the
chocobo sage outside of that one town in
the north near the neither northern
crater I don't know I don't know if you
needed a guide or not I'd have to think
about it a lot I was telling you to show
your chat on I didn't show mine that it
all Sol's being yeah being impacts yeah
we got fifty-fifty on this so alright
we're done with this guy yeah okay wait
yeah that's about a 3.43
did you oh you can watch the death
training trailer I watched the destron
show like right before went live we were
a few minutes late excited finish
watching it oh it's glad that you didn't
you know about as much as I do after me
having watched it so hmm
so it's still kind of like not giving a
full disclosure on what exactly is
happening still doing like there's like
three different discrete groups of
enemies I think that I've seen like
you've got like the weird dead people
you've got like the weird they're called
like homo demons I think are like
another group of people and then you've
got like the soldier people Oh
homo demon so the Republicans are right
then they do exist no trihex joke so
please twitch don't ban me if I have oh
my god do that one you have a oh yeah
it's that something almond trail by they
don't pretty sure they're called homo
dimers I'm not just like saying I wasn't
making it gay joke like they're
literally called that and then yeah I
don't know here's like a random
interesting okay wait so des training
okay yeah [ __ ] the recipe three here is
an interesting question I don't know how
I feel about this how do you feel about
CGI characters that are modeled after
real people do you think that should be
like a thing or is that like really dumb
i I don't I would have to think about it
more but intrinsically or intuitively I
feel like that's really dumb I don't
like that like we already have Hollywood
real actors for
real stuff why are we modeling video
game characters after actors the [ __ ]
the one example I can think over that
might help is that it lets the the CG
animators like use real footage and just
like having stronger reference to make
it match the real footage better I can
understand yeah but like at that point
like if you choose like unknown actors I
guess I'm okay with that like so that I
don't like no but like I don't wanna see
it succumb emergent breaking but like
I'm literally playing a video game if
I'm playing like the Last of Us - and
the main character is modeled after like
Brad Pitt I'm like I don't know it just
feels kind of weird I guess yeah depends
on what's being used for its you they
like I think context matters here but
I'm mostly indifferent on it you know
you can do whatever you want to do you
know you might be able to run their
Mighty Mite built in firstly based off
of who the actor is as being depicted
you know if you have a contract or maybe
having a render of Brad Pitt and to have
him be like you know narcissistic
[ __ ] or like some I don't know
everything opposite of Brad Pitt that
perhaps I don't know it's a I'm a little
bit more indifferent on doesn't really
bug me like I sent the prints of the
context here for what would get you
upset about in the first place I hope
halfway through the game I hope that you
uncover something and it's like Metal
Gear Solid 5 like the links to the to
the Call of Duty where Kevin Spacey is
oh yeah is that one where you find it's
weird yeah I would say so yeah like I
don't want to see like movie act was it
video game is Kevin Spacey Kevin Spacey
and the campaigners you like I don't
know I only saw the trailers and I know
it's like a big deal cuz I think it
wasn't that like one of the first game
so they use like a big Hollywood actor
is like part of the video games be like
oh he was going a mainstream I feel like
I remember that but yeah I wish we knew
more you're on it obviously any any call
of duty call of duty bros in chat and he
called any cop rose and Cher um well
while the time I got here he was the
main villain but was he was he Kevin
Spacey in the game was he like you know
Brian O'Connor you know twice removed
ex-mercenary blah blah blah blah so he
didn't play him
okay hmm yeah that you know that she
that might wait for me honestly I don't
know because like I know it's Kevin
Spacey so why am I gonna like it looks
just like am I gonna like think that
it's someone else I guess I don't
necessarily mind voice actors like I
think the guy that played the guy that
played Tywin Lannister in Game of
Thrones was the voice actor for the BOC
the the series adopted father the King
guy or whatever the baron guy not the
baron de like the king guy in the
witcher 3 I don't remember his name the
[ __ ] it's not something to play with but
his voice acting or whatever I thought
that was okay yeah yeah Amir there you
go yeah and then real quick just to
address us I don't care anything about
the cyberpunk game I'll play when it
comes out but like that dude we've been
seeing trailers of this game since for
literally for seven years okay like 2013
is when we saw the first cyberpunk
trailer like when they have a release
date I'll Care is their release date
okay when like a release date comes we
get closer like all care more but like
also has any cyberpunk like gameplay
been released yet or is it still just I
also don't care much about cinematic
trailers there was [ __ ] there was
something the YouTuber young yeah he was
like [ __ ] busting it over the game so
I'm guessing he saw gameplay at some
point oh yeah I'm looking through I
guess it looks like any standard like
third person or first person like FPS
like open-world thing oh you know it
kind of looks like fallout you
oh no wait what did with us to have a
bigger hand in this game than just
publishing oh no I'm sorry I just like
randomly like open a YouTube video to
look for a gameplay trailer and I'm
seeing like [ __ ] vats aids in here oh
god no oh no do you have any like
familiarity were like vats or do you
know anything about that no oh god it
was like the comp it was like the way
that the comment system worked and
fallout it's so garbage no I'm afraid
you look at it right now though it looks
stand
no this looks like that [ __ ] out of here
with saying it looks like new no way
this looks like that you don't see like
the individual trying to be like the
slow-motion [ __ ] so you can't miss a
single shot the body parts exploding and
the weird [ __ ] like ragdolls [ __ ]
like I don't know that looks like
[ __ ] bats to me [ __ ] out of here if
you don't think it [ __ ] off I don't like
that nevermind whatever I understand
we're all different
listen I know what I want okay [ __ ] we
are hardware derailed on everything
isn't there a new doom game supposed to
be coming out soon yeah doom forever
that's what I want
[ __ ] out of here with all these other
want to be [ __ ] FPS game I will play
that game on release [ __ ] mark my
words
I want that doom did you see the trailer
for that game that has me [ __ ] height
no it looks sick yeah that was like that
was the one non line that came out of
last year yep did you did you watch the
trailer for that yeah he walks through
the hallway he like grabs the dude's
neck for the keycard he walks down he
like takes one of the guns from the
guard [ __ ] I love [ __ ] to him I love
that [ __ ] game I can't wait for the
second doom game hell [ __ ] it yes oh man
I'm [ __ ] Hyper's [ __ ] for that [ __ ]
oh man okay yeah real quick here all
right so we have derailed and gotten
very little done for his episode what's
still on the table here song we played
sub only Street stop all night rain
influenced her bubbles and the artefact
director int which we could probably
knock these out pretty quick I think
okay i'ma let you be - alright let you
run with it because I think you know how
many different what we get these up and
you just like okay Sean wait I'm so
sorry can i play like the I just want
like one minute of this doom trailer
until he gets to the elevator I dude did
you play the one doom game that'll give
you a pulse in your it's gonna pulse me
okay it's gonna give me a pulse all
right all right
did you play the the new doom game no
but I plan to play it soon if you like
FPS as you should play it dude it is
I've heard nothing but great on [ __ ]
rails oh yeah it [ __ ] awesomest [ __ ]
okay you'll like it
okay or maybe you want if you like FPS
whatever but yeah it's [ __ ] awesome
okay I'm sorry homie
I can a boy can you can you give me a
wherever it give me a link somewhere
wherever you like are you [ __ ]
serious
here you go yeah the music is sick as
well the controls are super tight okay
I'm just going through like the first
like minute of this okay does until he
gets in the elevator for torture oh wait
let me know when you ready to go okay
three two one go
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
okay the residents a gameplay trailer I
[ __ ] love this first game dude holy
[ __ ] oh [ __ ] it was so much [ __ ] fun
dude
okay I'm done I'm done fighting over
doom I'm sorry
all right now it's we're fine that uh
because doom is doom is like a most is
like a single-player game right yeah
this um that yeah no no do I miss only
single-player they released a
multiplayer thing for it but like it's
made by totally different company is not
representative of [ __ ] anything okay
that's why I remember being noteworthy
because it was a game that didn't have
like you really see like single-player
only games huge it's like you know we
got a pursue monetization somehow or her
beyond the point of entry of thanks to
books so we need to just like you know
throw in more [ __ ] at it huh
multiplayer throwing cosmetics throw in
you know all that stuff and I heard Jim
has been been refreshing lis not going
all in on that it was just like you know
hey our game is great single-player have
fun enjoy it uh-huh okay that was pretty
awesome let's um [ __ ] let's like rip
through these topics okay boom scriber
only streams on Twitch okay so the blow
up here was that someone saw a testing
of of sub-only streams where you'd be
able to see the demo in question you
you'd be able to get like a five minute
or so sample of the stream and then
you'd be prompted to subscribe or not be
able to participate anymore and the
implication here was like you know
mister it's going to add this feature to
all to give it to all partners they can
they can pursue this huh or what now the
boring answer here is that apparently is
a test for the overwatch seasonpass
League thing or the overwatch League
thing or whatever you know you can buy
the overwatch League passing the idea
here behind ads when you buy that you
build they can Blizzard can implement
this as they as they want to like you
know paywall off any of the things I
don't know however they want to do it
but before I knew that I was exploring
the idea of what if what if this feature
came to twitch twitch wide and partners
were able to like utilize sub only
streaming and what that would mean for
the medicine going forward and
the boring answer is everyone's the fall
so like okay like what if you know it's
gonna be the cam-cam girl shows all
[ __ ] day or whatever but that to me
is a very boring take what I the thing I
talk about extensively on my stream was
like what if you had the possibility to
do dual cast it you could stream you
know you can fire up OBS and do one
string to your main feed and do a
secondary stream that would be like
exclusive to subscribers or like or tier
two or two or three higher and by that
what I mean is like what if you can add
a unique camera angle to your your sub
only stream feed you know you'd walk you
you open up destiny stream you click the
little gear which in the bottom right
corner there's a dick can and that's
what you're talking about right look
like camera angle B and I can see like
Destiny's like Burt skycam not to the
ceiling that you would install or like
or like a or like a you know a cam over
your desk that gives you like a POV of
your your keyboard and mouse whatever
you're doing that you were macro when
you're playing you're playing like
Starcraft or whatever the [ __ ] um you
know what what innovations could
streamers do if they were given it won't
unfortunately it won't work that way I
don't think like the sub stream is just
reality to Eternia it's not to give you
a second actual like ingest that you
could stream a whole separate stream to
that would be interesting but this is
like a big non-issue like most people
aren't gonna do sub only streams they
would probably lose afflict interviews
doing it I think it's an interesting
idea though to do sub only streams as
like maybe it could power your like sub
days more so for instance like a lot of
streamers will do will do like sub
Sundays or whatever and you usually get
should be up on those days maybe on
those days that make sense to do like
this said the stream to sub only or some
[ __ ]
I don't know like ordering like certain
talks if you want to be like really
personal with your audience maybe you
could turn it to sub only so you don't
get a lot of trolls from the outside I
mean I could see it being used sometimes
but people freaking out about it a real
dumb like do you think that like not
everybody's gonna turn on someone like
spiritual abuse yeah yeah you there's no
way you can grow you're just just
maximizing the intimacy of you what you
already have you can't grow your fan
base you add an obnoxious paywall yeah
no I think good agree with you there
yeah nobody's kind of [ __ ] like ruin
like their streams like on sub only
streams or some [ __ ] yeah so that was
that topic there yeah there's an
influencer bubble this is real dumb some
basically old Instagram influencer or I
say old but I'm somebody that has like
2.7 million
subs tried to sell shirts and she
couldn't even sell like 35 shirts and so
some people I guess this random article
was talking about the idea that like
maybe influencers are a bunch of
[ __ ] online if it can't actually
move any product at all although it
sounded like with this girl like her
Instagram was getting like pretty
dead-on career to where it should have
been and I I guess I heard some people
say like she didn't promote the shirts
at all
like she had like I saw a bear execution
of the launch of her of her clothing
brand was very mediocre but the reason
why I found this relevant to you talk
about it all spent that uh in a bigger
debate here is the influencer
bubble-bursting
is the question I had I mean I don't
think so like or at least not like in
the twitch world but maybe outside of
that I don't know how much influence is
that like on Instagram without like
having a streamer YouTube I guess
particularly Minister Grimm sigh this is
I'm not savvy enough it is awesome yeah
I don't know how light it and it's weird
this is kind of like in my purview a
little bit but like I don't know how
girls with like 50,000 like Instagram
pic or Instagram like followers and I'm
getting flown like all over the world to
do crazy [ __ ] like there's no [ __ ]
way that you command that much market
like that you actually push that much
product there's no way unless people are
like flying you're wrong because I want
to [ __ ] your assumption okay I asked a
couple times and I the makeup market is
actually [ __ ] insane like the makeup
market is ridiculous yeah for that for
people that like revolve around like
certain products I could believe that
for like a makeup or like an art market
sure I guess I'm just thinking I guess I
could be really biased here maybe just
haven't looked into a lot of histogram
influences but I think I'm like
Instagram influencer I'm usually like
ultra sexy girl that doesn't do or
promote anything you just see her like
all over the world like in every picture
she's like in a different country and
it's like how the [ __ ] are you like
usually on some kind of agenda to like
sell a product or this trips being
powered by either a certain brand of
like but like you think I'm like twenty
boys that are following our horny boys
that are following like a forty K
follower like Instagram model to see
pictures of like her ass do you think
these people are really buying products
the same way that somebody like a
YouTube stub or like a twitch sub might
I have a really hard time believing that
that's a point that's where I don't know
enough about the Instagram meta really
safer
thought maybe you had more insight on me
because I know is the influencer
bubble-bursting is it or is it not
I don't really [ __ ] know I can't tell
either but yeah particular to the girl
here though named Arista or gotta spell
her name but Arita GL um yeah her her
launch of this brand thing was like
really mediocre from what it seemed to
be but yeah just like stone man so
that's what I have for you if I maybe
get more to talk about there I am but
cool and then final thing is the
artifact directory on Twitch it's not
too much to talk about here oh yeah real
question here is how the [ __ ] did it
take twitch so long to get that [ __ ]
under control
there were like feature-length films and
porn running for hours house II a lot of
staff were out that weekend no way does
a tech company just like have no
moderation available during a holiday
weekend I can't believe that no [ __ ]
way I assume that to shut up show the
stream down usually need like some of
the upper ups who probably genuinely
were on holiday so all the all the
pledge janitors couldn't shut a stream
down I don't make I'll make anyone who
could shut streams down and have that
kind of a who had that that authority
that big of a dick or around that
weekend that cuz that goes Eve because
you saw the minute Tuesday hit Tuesday
morning hit yo the bigs were [ __ ]
being knocked out like my fan of snaps
like they were like channels were not
even on from like more than 10 minutes
at a time I'm like things got really
tightened up by Tuesday I don't know I
heard that they were like streaming like
the New Zealand shootings and [ __ ] were
going on for like over an hour like on
some of those changes yeah like there
were there was a lot either dude there
was there was porn it was entire there
was yeah dude what did I see there there
was in game infinity war strike the
fourth awesome well the end game streams
apparently got shut down in minutes
people were saying like I don't think
anybody fully watch like endgame does
apparently got shut down real [ __ ]
fast that's all I got that's all I had a
tab open that I wasn't actively having
my eyeballs pointed towards even um
preferring the existence of it had
infinity war that the Chinese subtitles
on for like 40 glass form is the movie
it was on hurt for a while
oh never mind always saying they watched
lots of N
so yeah in-game come on local time so
they had like a union of streamers to
like every time one went down another to
pick it up and you could hop from it was
amazing by Dubai by Sunday dude it was
like the head of soar when I think that
they had you they let you know hey
here's here's my next three burner
accounts follow these in case I get shut
down they had them already ready if
they've been over an hour they would
swap anyway that wouldn't get it
wouldn't get burned mid broadcast maybe
some of them have like burner discs or
to tell you where to go that way no one
doesn't staff did like skim the log to
see where the next name was gonna be
uh-huh did they do it was it got pretty
pretty organized by the Indians it's
kind of funny um yeah there was those
all that going on I'm also you bring up
like the just like the lol piracy ones
there were some negative ones there was
one called
inwards on the backward and it was just
uh it was what it wasn't far with me so
it was it was that that one had like 700
feet was like an hour and a half
straight so you know come on bro
alright well yeah I was now but here you
said there was one normal fact though if
you didn't know but which actually
disabled the whole notion huh
if you were a new broadcast or whatever
and you made a new count you weren't
allowed to stream on Twitch for a while
yeah yeah I think was it for a whole day
or was I gonna have to do I don't know
how long unless I just saw the tweet I
didn't see when they stop the time yeah
yeah get in control you know and then of
course you know that they have my chats
to be more like I don't get it what are
we just a week to do well they just
delete the artifact directory and I'm
like yeah we're - uh-huh
you know you know that would mean that
like that means that you can just abuse
a game so hard that you can cause the
actual deletion of a directory like if
you delete artifact directory which I
get is an exceptional situation right
now
but Mike if you actually accomplished
twitch choosing to delete that directory
would they try to do that in other
directories just to like cause further
chaos uh-huh so it's like a you're
setting a precedent of giving influence
to toxicity and negativity I mean to
some extent they they're already if
somebody donates like the end stream
what am I looking at
like you hit the artifact directory
right now it's still bad no no do a
stream open
oh and I'm sorry I ant that this is I'm
sorry this is anthem not artifact my
okay do PR people like trolling like
different sections now I guess there's
like a hundred seal mp4 [ __ ] things
being streamed that's not I'm sorry
that's not artifact that's anthem my bad
guys yeah and I can't tell ya there's a
camera inside it's calmed down now it's
definitely not what it used to be sure
we'll see looking ok so we talked about
that
oh well will you talk about the
crossfire didn't you know there was one
person about bots in this whole thing
right and what the the artifact
crossover here and what not NIM who
elyda T she got a she got three
suspension because uh Oh shaggy like
look like a porn host or whatever yeah
yeah yeah that yeah did that did that
get revoked hers that they actually
happened fool oh damn that's probably a
full-on thing yeah that's crazy
I don't know the whole context art so
what someone who was doing the artifact
troll stream hosted her she was
unbeknownst to her that of the contents
the artifact directory she clicks the
link on camera on stream active monitor
mm-hm and shows whatever he was showing
which was not TOS stuff yeah that
correct pretty much am not too much
stuff is a nice might say yeah gotcha
gotcha
mmm-hmm okay all right well that's our
project before you yeah it was a [ __ ]
show weekend but you know damn thing and
stream influence or somebody like this
Sara Underwood nine point two million
followers her engagement is horrible
like less than one percent on almost
every picture holy [ __ ] like just for
like slaughter there one the bots are
actually out of control but whenever you
I don't know what
the morality is on IG but like there's
the forums like okay and like how much
is when you can just paint what are like
okay like I've never shopped for it
obviously but like when it comes to
getting box for it's a GIF file account
cloud isn't it like it's like really
cheap like $100 will get you like a [ __ ]
ton of bots on your [ __ ] from what I
recall like right yeah my yeah I don't
know ever looking at price either but
yeah like you can get several if not ten
thousand plus you can get several
thousand like followers from bots for
like I don't effects it pretty cheap but
like you know your dollars or less so
okay alright well hey what are you doing
today I got a head over to I said I was
doing a rush or two so okay [ __ ] okay
whatever but usually today I'm going to
what we knew was we for you going to two
things here one so Wednesday June 5th
I'm gonna be in Los Angeles I'm trying
to go with either you or Hassan or both
or we do something or whatever you kiss
on metal cup with me okay email me or no
just tie me my start disk or something
okay well this awesome apply the s okay
so I have to amass the massive a chat at
the party rivet talk about the Sandra's
destiny no 1v1 which one do i which one
do I brought up with the lemon LA next
Wednesday okay so and then to twitch
jeopardy I it's a thing apparently I I
hit up there's people here I don't that
something you'd want to do at some point
probably not sure busy guy but throw out
there for you anyway
twitch everybody is a thing is pretty
cool it's really it's actually it's
really really toxic and I might go on
there the week after next wait real
quick but um used to come here Wednesday
night uh I fly out a 1 a.m. Thursday
morning so I have until about 11 p.m.
I'm free all day on Thursday night no no
I leave Wednesday early Thursday morning
oh wait that's when you leave to go home
right correct yeah oh when do you get
yeah I'll be in Monday I've had to that
Irvine conference Tuesday so after
Tuesday evening
Tuesday evening until
the evening I can yeah what I'm getting
at is that I'm sorry David Pakman is
gonna be in town and he wants to do
dinner on Tuesday night so if we get
says I have a ton of three of us I would
actually be really care actually that'd
be really cool actually yeah I could if
you got a time I think
if my shits done by a 6:00 p.m. I can
probably make that happen
yeah well we can eat a little bit later
yeah we can something up for sure okay
cool cool yeah
cue busted cool yeah today today on dude
Maury maker after part of the DP podcast
and it's my last room before I head out
for a full week so I'm gonna I'm gonna
see y'all on my shirts gonna be chill
we're gonna wrap up the whole this week
long traffic anza then go from there
pretty simple okay cool all right wait
I'll send you guys okay him and then I'm
over dodge I don't know some reverse I
don't I should have said yes I was being
real thirsty but it's all worked out but
you see all this Samuel this is a
example of post non clarity shut the
[ __ ] out okay listen I'm going what do
you think I just [ __ ] jerked off on
this show [ __ ] out of here okay I'm
hosting
exc hosting Triax and then I'm gonna be
on Russian show for a few hours
Daria you're not playing world walk off
in the background that's right so
alright have fun reverie on our
cappuccino opportunity optional thanks
for joining us on exit 20 the DT podcast
we'll be back I don't know probably not
next week is [ __ ] us tracks it's
traveling at cast live maybe yeah
I'll try and set it Oh cuz I'd like my
big couch now maybe we can get everybody
in here and do it maybe yeah okay
alright yeah alright peace out guys see
other
[Music]
