oh [ __ ] I need a minute left lane Oh
Maddie you did be honest the thing I
love about California is it like anytime
you merge you they might get mad but
they'll always let you merge in the
Midwest they just like [ __ ] gonna do
they don't give a [ __ ] but here I think
in California I think they know like
this guy put a signal on so he's coming
over whether I like it or not so they
don't kind of like [ __ ] die
[Applause]
[ __ ] off the Sun oh please wha fasten me
a month NASA me mug
yes hot area there yeah the 20
mile-an-hour right turn [ __ ] me no I
didn't put in the right address
[ __ ] what is this card this card sickest
[ __ ] dude do you know what that is that
a Corvette I McLaren looks like us a
[ __ ]
that's me buy one how much they caught
us 200k charter K means your car payment
would be what like 2 2 K a month I mean
if I got one of those and I like lived
in it be ok wait what are you doing
tonight I'm seeing a dinner that I move
it with someone oh nice - I mean good
luck I don't know if we're gonna
actually if you're gonna actually make
it at this point we're not gonna be able
to go on get PC parts there's no [ __ ]
fries or anything around here except for
Best Buy and there's gotta be like some
electronic store that has to be there
isn't what are famous electronic stores
Micro Center fries no micro Center we
know that already and no fries except
for near you and perfect maybe we'll say
something in the mall area dude we're
gonna [ __ ] bougie a small turd
there's no there's no PC nerds in in Los
Angeles everyone owns a macbook everyone
in LA owns have acted how terrible of a
decision was this
no I'm just trying to wonder oh my god
you hungry
oh no you're gonna go to dinner after
this weekend fortunately really small
are but I do get something small fee
when I go smart yeah
Joe fun today yeah it was all right wait
what do we did I do something today I
don't I just kind of make conversation
oh yeah I had fun today dude it was it
was great
didn't really do anything i streamed a
little bit what are you doing you're
getting a razor laptop yeah the razor
blade it's Nina I just want a better
life to me when I travel I was thinking
about getting the exact same one that
you were looking at can you play but you
can't play games like streaming the same
time on that either that's gonna
probably cut yeah wait what time is your
dinner 8:30 or 9:00 Jesus Christ I think
dinner with a vampire who eats at 9:00
well the movies at 10:00 you've probably
done it before the movie right what do I
need to eat dinner at 6 o'clock and then
just legging you can jerk each other off
for three hours for like 30 minutes yeah
I think you guys getting fast food wait
what do you need for for like three
hours how long does it take you to eat I
don't know I would go at like I mean
seven is like fairly reasonable if
you're gonna like in a teenager's two
hours and then go to sleep I'm 30 years
old yet I can't [ __ ] it
and you change someone for that [ __ ]
lost holy [ __ ] this is someone that you
know that you know no it's a random
[ __ ] no no I just go out on Yelp and
then I paired up
no I thought maybe it was like a
first-time thing like a dinner in a day
it's just a friend you're like you go
from like zero to a thousand I just
wanna make sure we get okay but why
can't you be like consistently at a 30
even look see look at this guy look how
long this guy's taking we could have
been in here if we were in this guy's
why are you always at the drive like
Tokyo Drift dude well you don't get
places to be okay try to nothing pretend
to sit behind people and that are gonna
wait like 10 out like what are we doing
are we should we just get out right here
like is this marine right apparently
this guy's like Don I guess I part I can
tell he's got a signal on but he's not
moving because there's cars on the other
side of the road dude are you unfamiliar
without
plenty of time to get in a go my god
dude this is what I mean you drive so
[ __ ] we're fine we're like about to
[ __ ] you can you told me to park I
was about to but you have the awareness
to see yeah there is a car then we
didn't go in I know but like what do you
have to make such a drastic move because
we're gonna kono five weeks but it
requires a pretty drastic turn you do it
living life on the fast lane
even when you're driving on the slow
lane dude that's how it is
didn't he's leaving he has a Mustang so
it's probably getting a [ __ ] right
now dude I got these new Doc Martens
unfortunately they are they have like
literal platforms on them imagine being
6-8 and still insecure about your height
oh my god so funny
no I oh my gosh it's okay dude I think
the platform's look cool I think you're
tall I mean yeah he's making excuses now
he like he's a guy that goes up to the
counter and they're like do you want
these and he's like oh I didn't even
know I grabbed the Magnum XXXL is like -
much I just didn't even know I normally
only got the XXL Microsoft oh we got it
number four do you know where we are no
do you think it's the big red thing
right there maybe yeah so we got to walk
all the way back there I think we can do
it
I get another hoodie maybe yeah no way
brother we're not getting another I like
the hoodies we got this I think this
works achievable you're we're the same
but this totally works this outfit
totally works this guys wearing [ __ ]
pajama pants and a [ __ ] watch with a
chain really with platform shoes you're
good with platforms I can't even believe
it
he probably loads the heel - he's got
like a little a little wooden board in
there good good on that I have never
understood the point of like the the
high brands like the go chair that what
all that [ __ ] looks like real dumb
it's like $2,000 really good belt or
some [ __ ] seemly value oh man that labor
value theory here must be getting a real
trigger weird that people want to
differentiate themselves no it's just
kind of weird that the way you
differentiate yourself is by spending
more money on a piece of clothing that's
just my opinion then you do what makes
you happy
how long did we make it before communism
came out guys is anybody keeping track I
was like gonna buy like a laptop do you
have like only like a cur razor blade 15
I don't have any offense to everyone
here like so I played before tonight I
bet there's a lot of pokey fans over
there should have brought huh this is
the actual laptop right
razor blade 8750 1075 enough Oh giggle a
that's just it I think yeah it'd be good
yeah wait with a [ __ ] sauna go oh
he's over here
oh hey what's up we're just watching it
so I'll give you one kill the chat will
[ __ ] pause the [ __ ] Eddie okay this
one kill no I see some people up there
hold on oh my god oh look they're
fighting the [ __ ] you know right dude go
do something about it it's like watching
a play call addiction cloud easy money
81 [ __ ] kids that destroyed me watch
it mom looks like jack [ __ ] happened
dumbass it's just a mom I did I'll look
at the little baby
what it probably just learn how to walk
now I can travel last time as I looked
at the dude he was making up an excuse
to come and talk to me he's like is that
dose me
maybe if I go talk to him about kids you
know yeah you could tell he was [ __ ]
how about that some of them are what is
shocking no one said that they weren't
there it is
oh my god what clothes damn I didn't
I've never see some I get so triggered
by malls before did I even need a laptop
I'm trying to remember why I bought this
doing am I just set this here we'll be
okay nobody should steal that right it's
giving me anxiety go pick it up it's
right next right there you [ __ ]
stupid come on how [ __ ] bruust you
guys it's so easy I'm going to New
Zealand about a week or two I'll be gone
to New Zealand we'll do two weeks of IRL
stream just to travel I like your last
Instagram post you look nice
wait isn't my last gonna post a poky I
can't believe this [ __ ] brought
me all the way out here they're gonna
drive up to a [ __ ] glasses scar
unbelievable where the [ __ ] is the sauna
oh my god I'm dying god damn I feel like
I'm with my [ __ ] parents at the mall
waiting for them to do some dumb [ __ ]
you should get new shades dude I got
time for this [ __ ] bro try something
this is what I'm getting I think you're
gonna get something good no I already
got these on the internet I just had to
get a eye test real quick got to see if
my prescription was still get these get
these red ones
just get them did wait wait where the
guy ones that's this is a unisex all
right well I'm gonna woke it's time to
woke up tell me someone else is planning
the trip yeah have like a guy why is
this security guy here you guys call
someone I'm just kidding oh hey look
there he is yeah
shooting children yeah oh yeah listen I
need to get the [ __ ] out of here okay
well you better [ __ ] her I gotta go
to Burbank yeah that's right I told you
I had it I didn't know you're gonna get
glasses for seven [ __ ] hours and it
was a Friday that you made me drive down
here on I didn't even want to you're
like dude here you're gonna see another
man who's like are you coming are you
almost here you gotta go I'm glad I can
come here to watch you buy glasses for
75 minutes let's get this man some food
he's looking hungry okay here can you
hold this and watch us how you use the
restaurant but don't [ __ ] with my phone
I'm gonna [ __ ] with your phone all right
who wants to read Steve's text messages
it's called tender green they're not
gonna serve you unhealthy sodium Jesus
fries wait could you get two cookies and
then I can eat one oh you want to thank
you child can you take your card back
please pay attention thank you very much
sir
well that's how I'm guiding you through
these social interactions I didn't know
you needed so much help give me some of
this goddamn cookie I'm so hungry you
have to eat it eat it because I need a
same appetite I like a one meal a day
okay let's go does that poke balls it
sounds like it actually sounds just like
that's okay we're super anti religious
I'm really sorry
good luck shut the [ __ ] up dude I'm not
ever wearing Gucci it's never gonna
happen
no we don't next time we'll do it okay
[ __ ] our we'll come here witness on a
[ __ ] Friday night and we'll come do
it okay wait can we can we actually we
go out and actually get you food
I mean I've not food sorry clothes
because I think they want that as well
and then to to actually build a PC okay
will do
okay I feel like these are lies do it no
okay all right guys I love you very much
riperino cappuccino public you know how
to channel my channel channel cappuccino
cappuccino machine oh my dudes stay safe
guys
[Music]
you
