who are you what do you want oh hello I
was just sending you some messages there
to talk to you and I saw that your guest
was finished
yeah I just let random [ __ ] people
Skype call me to chat
no I Oh
I mean if you're gonna have me on my as
well well you did it I don't know why
but I accepted all right what do you
wanna talk about buddy okay basically
what I wanted to talk about was I've
been discussing basically political
views with extreme lifts as well as
alright people as well and as well as
people on the center-right are you the
guy on discordant mmm wait no I message
you on skype
oh so many message me or discard with a
very similar message destiny I've been
spending a lot of time speaking to
people on the right and the left all
that sorry yes that is me sorry okay so
what okay yeah no the thing is I wanted
to talk to you with some of these
different political ideas that the right
and the left have as well as sort of
like the centrist thing as well because
I saw you're talking about that and they
think of what I want to do is see if you
can help me understand what the hell is
going on because it seems as if the
right wing is and the left wing is want
similar things yet they're so separate
apart that it's like it's confusing to
me maybe you can help me understand that
sure what do you know where this you
name will do one issue okay that's what
I'll give you today what do you want to
talk about what's your one most
important issue where okay they both
they both want to overthrow the
government because they see the
government as an oppressive force I
don't think that's true well the
alt-right says they want to overthrow
the government they all right might but
that's a very small minority of the
Republican Party I don't even know if
the alt-right would be considered part
of the Republican Party so either that's
good but but also the Communists
they have the same idea right yeah but
again communists are very very very very
very tiny fraction of left-leaning
people in the United States they're very
rare that you come up against actual
communists and um yeah isn't that
basically the alt-right versus at Tifa
well antifa has almost no presence in
the United States and the alt-right even
in the United States is very very very
small
yeah are we only talking about like
super radical people or possibly but I
have had conversations with people who
are a bit more let's say there would be
more leaner I guess but they sort of see
a lot of the same issues like I don't
know if it's like a horseshoe Theory
type thing but it's basically like when
I spend say a couple of days talking to
people to you know on debate communism
and then I have say couple days talking
to people on all right do school service
I basically here they both have the same
problems but they want to tackle it in a
completely different way yeah that's
probably because they're axiomatic
foundations are very different so for
instance like alright people might want
to overthrow the government because they
think the government like does too much
for multicultural [ __ ] and left people
might want to overthrow the government
because I think the government doesn't
help minorities enough I guess like
there's an example of like a similar
issue where they both tackle it in the
same way but they want to go totally
different routes with it yeah I guess
that makes sense yeah you know if you
have you spent much time say talking
with all right people or you've got
beams yeah iid stand out of time
unfortunately yeah yeah I'm sure one of
the things is that I think I think one
of the trying to get my thoughts and I
do struggle with a speech a little bit
but I think things and they don't
connect to my my mouth so okay okay a
lot of our people like yourself you're
one of your main gripes is that you
think that everyone's dog whistling a
lot yeah it's doing right yeah yeah do
you think that maybe a lot of people
are not they're not they think that the
issues might be real for them but
they're not trying to be like full-on
fascist what can you elaborate more on
that what do you mean mmm okay I'll go
with a story there nah I've met a lot of
people in the art right such as
Canadians who are saying that because of
the situation at the plate the baby
boomers put them in okay they now find
themselves in a situation where because
of the bleeding-heart boomers brought in
so much immigration that now they can't
say afford to buy a house okay you know
if things like that so like they talk
about like high immigration and you know
high socialism leading to a situation
where the state is going broke and the
economy's going down the toilet like and
when I hear these things I also live in
a situation which is very similar and so
I kind of think that they right they
correct on this whereas if I talk to
people on the left they just don't give
a [ __ ]
well I think I love to have economic
woes as well they usually complain that
income inequality has grown massively
that schools and housing are very
expensive health care is unaffordable
everybody asks for the economy No yeah
but don't you think that maybe see the
the when the right-wingers are saying
this they're talking directly to what me
and so many of the people like me they
feel that they see this and so a lot of
people sort of go towards the right
because it's speaking to our realities
where the left are busy talking about
ridiculous things like you know gender
pronouns and we need to get more solar
panels on our roofs like these things
just do not melt into reality for us
well the problem is that the problem is
that the left has to work on messaging
because the because the the reality of
things is actually so much different
than
what you'd have just said so like
something like global warming is
probably that could actually be the most
important issue of our time but it's
much harder to grasp so people maybe
don't want to talk about it as much but
then like things like the economy is
totally [ __ ] like that's actually saying
it's probably not true like the economy
for most people is actually doing like
very well at least in the at least in
the United States and probably across
most of the Western world now there are
a lot of people that have problems but
this idea that everybody is getting
[ __ ] ruined in the economy like there
are problems that exist for sure it cost
a stagnation of wages is a very real
thing at least in the United States cost
of health care and education are very
real things housing in some places is
becoming a huge problem in major cities
but this idea that like everything is
[ __ ] and is falling apart and it is
super [ __ ] and the whole world is like
being destroyed I don't know this is a
message that's put out by people on the
right a lot and it's just not true I
don't think it's possible that it might
not be as true as what they wanted to be
like if they're gonna say oh this is
absolutely true it might not be and they
might be like say sixty percent right
but that is still no pun intended but
they're still actually correct in
getting that message across and making
people feel like these are the right
guys to support because they are on the
ball like it's like for example the eats
like unionizing for the unemployed yeah
sure I mean like luckily people have a
really bad time and that they don't
speak to a lot of these people that's a
problem with left messaging I'm not
gonna deny that for sure yeah yeah so
how do you think most people are going
to react to that
like right now populism is pretty
popular I think Bernie had a better
chance of one in the general than
Hillary did I know a lot of Hillary fans
go really mad when I say that but on
Bernie's messaging this was very similar
to Trump's and that he was a very
populist sort of figure he spoke to the
people spoke power to the people and
whatnot against you know he fought
against companies more than government
and whatnot but ya see for example like
like I won't say too much because don't
want to get Doc's at all but the thing
is is like for me I had a really good
career going
and I find myself in the toilet you know
economically because this country has
basically just let the Hitler all the
industry's die we have three car
factories the three main ones wait wait
no I don't want to be too personal where
are you from the United States no I am
from Australia you're from Australia
okay yeah so we've lost all the major
car manufacturers to overseas
construction so like the latest one
would have been Toyota I think or it was
either to go to all four but then they
leave here right they close down they
fire all the stuff and they go build the
factory overseas and they're gonna
import cars here like why would the
government even allow that but the
government should just be like no yes I
promise
close your fact do what you want but
we're not gonna let you import their
cars the problem is that you only see
things from from one side it's hard to
look at the world as it would be if that
hadn't had happened so let me give you
an example of this okay so a car company
a manufacturer shuts down plants in
Australia and then they export that part
of their supply chain to China for
manufacturing let's say I don't know
where their coach Toyota manufactures
its cars but um when they do this your
perception is that jobs are lost from
Australia and that's it
did that that you just get [ __ ] like
that's all that happens but in reality
that's how that's how the workers will
feel well that's how yeah that is and
that's a problem and that should
definitely be addressed however there
could be an alternate reality where that
supply chain is never exported where you
continue to manufacture cars in your
country where the cars are unaffordable
because they're too expensive to
manufacture in your country where people
don't purchase the cars dealerships I
don't know if you've got car dealerships
in Australia imagine you do where people
go to buy cars yeah they're not sold
directly the manufacturer where those
dealerships go out of business because
not as many people can afford the cars
and then people complain because there
are cars that they can't afford there
are people losing jobs because
dealerships got a business and then the
manufacturer ultimately has to scale
down operations like this is something
that could happen if
doesn't if the manufacturing doesn't
happen in China but you never see that
impact right well I'll hand you that
because for example they were aerial
photos taken by drones like people just
having a laugh at the fact that Holden's
yard behind their Factory was just it
was just full of cars like thousands of
cars that went even at the dealerships
yet because the dealerships weren't
selling the cars because people couldn't
afford yeah yes yes so that's like a
thing that yeah often times and this is
again I can you can blame the left in
this a little bit cuz I'm messaging is
really bad oftentimes when you talk
about exporting jobs people just see
that that's all they see and it's a
negative thing and it's in but they
don't put that where they don't perceive
is the fact that they're getting goods
for cheaper prices that complimentary
jobs are being opened so for instance
the more people that drive cars the more
people that can work at car dealerships
the more people that can work at places
that change your oil the more car
related stores that can open up the more
you can sell products to be right all
these other kind of complementary
services and businesses are able to
thrive because more people can afford a
product that they wouldn't have been
able to afford if it would've been
manufactured in your country but that
stuff is really hard to see you can't
like this is why I'm saying it's so much
more complicated to make the pro
argument because it's very easy in the
United States for instance I don't know
if you're familiar with places like
Detroit a little basically we have
cities that were these behemoths cities
of car manufacturing it's easy to look
at those cities and be like well look
they're [ __ ] we should have never
exported these things they totally
[ __ ] but it's a lot harder to see all
of the kind of invisible pros that exist
as a result of exporting those jobs to
another country and I tend to see all
the other jobs that open up you know as
a result of that it's really hard to see
that okay I can see that point he's a
thing right if a country was to keep its
it's circles okay I'll try to get this
out in words okay maybe you will
understand it and then you can like
paraphrase it for your audience because
this is very confusing if a country was
to keep its primary economic cycle
within its own borders and then that
means that the wages and the products
and everything the prices would be
aligned to the GDP or what
how that works would it then not be that
people would be able to afford things
Manufacturing would survive jobs would
be there I guess it's like a nationalism
type argument it doesn't import/export
yeah but it doesn't seem like it works
that way
track manufacturing in China is just
really [ __ ] good it's just something
they're really good at if they're really
really really good at that it just makes
more sense to have them do it than to
try to do it on your own like you can
move your people into different types of
jobs and you can move your people into
things that they're better at so in the
United States we do service related
stuff and in tech related stuff really
well why would we want our workforce to
be invested so much into manufacturing
when another country can do that so much
better make the products cheaper for
everybody else here and then allow our
workers to specialize in the things that
they're better at the I like I
understand assumption is that assumption
well no that's the empirical reality and
and I've seen there are examples of
people that try to [ __ ] what was it
Venezuela who try somebody tried to make
their it might even been a straight it
wasn't Australia somebody tried to make
their own blackberry where yeah yeah I
think so was it Australia was it
I think so yes I mean I think it flopped
yeah why yeah I don't I don't think I
don't remember is not straight out but
I'm but I think I think it was a little
more an example like it I think it was
argent I think was Argentina I think it
was Argentina but basically what they
did was they Argentina said we're not
going to get we're not going to get
something from another country we're
gonna make it ourselves and they did it
they they they set up their own
factories they had their own workers and
they did all of it and at the end of the
day you know they made their own
blackberry and it was awesome and they
were very proud of it and it was cool
and two years later everything shut down
because nobody could afford it was just
too expensive they couldn't do it so it
seems like empirically and I hate to
sound like a big I didn't like a big
globalist or whatever but like globalism
and and and the principles of economics
I mean like these are just all like very
basic economic principles that seem to
have a lot of empirical data and
theoretical data that back up the way
they work right thing things like what
scribing right now is something called
comparative advantage that sometimes
different sectors can specialize in
things better you let them do it instead
of trying to do everything and that
things kind of tend to work better that
way
kind of like an assembly chain well I
know a lot of your points of view
because I've been listening to you since
the factorio days that you are playing
that while talking to people and by the
way I bought that game because of you I
saw you playing it I thought they're
nice ok
yeah it's ok yeah but anyway back onto
the topic so ok the thing is that my
problem with it is that that global is
on the stuff right we're at a point
right now and I don't know if it's going
to get worse or if it'll eventually get
better and things will be fixed right
but for now what we are seeing is
unemployment rates skyrocketing we have
third world countries that are being
exploited for their cheap labor and
these these massive capitalistic
companies have no shits given for what
they're doing to third world countries
by exploiting their labor and the first
of all countries which are just going to
fall apart
because they don't have any jobs for
anybody well I mean it is unemployment
really that bad and right now I see that
what oh okay
because right now when I look at your
numbers it looks like your unemployment
is five point four percent is it yeah
well what they're doing is they take the
unemployment where people add the people
that who don't have jobs at all and they
put that as the 5.4 percent however
people with part-time jobs are not
represented in that category which I can
understand how that might work it's fair
enough but then you have the people who
are on the doll and they have this
program called work for the doll and
they remove them for the unemployment
stats as well they're not getting paid
for the work it's a lie I don't I'm not
kind of like this because I I'm just not
familiar enough with Australia I could I
speak if you're on the dole which is
these unemployment payments so you you
you say you get four yeah I just
I'm uncommon mean to you but I'm
comfortable getting this information
right this is something I would look
into my own that's fine you you could
cook for instance in the United States
we have different ways of keeping track
of unemployment we've got the u3 the u45
u6 did and oftentimes people talk about
unemployment they're always setting the
u3 and I know why people say to you
three but sometimes people say like well
look at the u6 unemployment it's
actually way higher and then they'll
give the reasons why but there's reasons
why we don't talk about the u6
unemployment but I don't I don't know in
Australia I'd have to go and look up
very specifically how you keep track
with you what you're talking about now
yeah yeah yeah so I'm sorry so I'm just
not comfortable um yeah in terms of like
exploiting labor from other countries
it's possible that this is a valid
critique I don't know if I necessarily
believe that but this might be a
fundamental criticism of capitalism more
so than anything else and I don't know
if I'm equipped to deal with that with
that with that fundamental yeah I'm not
a fan of capitalism yeah I mean
capitalism to me is like well it's the
best it's so it's the worst system that
works the best if you're not I mean it's
like that quote but I mean like I see
for example when they privatize that
telecommunication throughout I don't
know if you'll be able to have this
