hey Allah how you doing today I'm doing
good how are you pretty good yeah it's a
good morning did you see crowds new
video on China it's the best one in my
opinion for the wait I'm sorry one one
more minute of morning I guess morning
well not forget what I don't like 3 or 4
p.m. I hate that is true that is true I
wish I had more time to play games these
days
uh-huh if you know when the asking how
old are you 33 33 okay cool yeah yeah
and I'm actually a bit of a fan I
actually have seen a lot of your stuff
before so it's cool actually sit down
and I chat with you oh man a lot of my
stuff in what context oh well I'm you
know I saw anything like political the
things you go against Hassan and things
like that I find entertaining so I like
to like to see what yeah what you have
to say I think it's I think it's a good
good to hear all right yeah we have um
let me get a little more information
well I'm it's not like I mean like
Twitter handle or something or like well
yeah twitter twitter it's a Jose Pablo
util SD that's the Twitter handle
okay is that like the main social media
you'd like promoted that's yeah that's
the main social media like promoted yeah
like screw Facebook really yeah you know
Facebook is alright like I like my
personal like I don't use the personal
page that much I use my campaign page
but Twitter I mean Facebook is so bad
for mental health I mean you're just
fighting with your friends and family
like why you want to do that all day you
know yeah I didn't know how important
Twitter our Facebook was still for like
a political outrage so I'm just curious
yeah a lot of people well it does it
does help with like scheduling canvases
and events like that but outside of that
it's like it's just drama all the time
that's very true
although what social media platform
isn't drama right right exactly exactly
at least Twitter you got a bigger wider
audience you can reach sure in my
opinion okay we do you want to so we're
starting introduce yourself let people
know who you are what you're about and
then we will
have a conversation yeah absolutely I'm
Jose Cano I'm running for Congress in
district 53 down in the San Diego County
area in the state of California and I am
running as an unapologetic progressive
I'm a veteran and I'm pushing really
strongly policies such as Medicare for
all with the elimination of private
health insurance education for all so
that loan debt Forgiveness bringing the
troops home with dignity I'm actually
pushing a particular policy called the
hero's promise which is a very very
important policy and I've been running
since March I actually ran against Susan
Davis when she was still running as the
20-year incumbent and we feel that you
know our policies were pushing her too
far to the left more than she was
comfortable and I think she just once
saw the exit door and went ahead and
jumped out of the race I'm originally
from the state of Texas I was a born
raised in poverty and I was actually a
very strong conservative back then a
Catholic conservative it's probably one
of the reasons why I joined the military
in the first place wanna you know serve
my country and get out of my hometown
but the war and everything that I
witnessed I was a reactor operator and
you know as a kid you know I was
somebody who was like oh I'm gonna do
this I'm gonna I'm gonna fight for my
country and operate reactors but when I
was serving I saw the horrors of war so
when I was you know just operating a
reactor panel like Homer Simpson I could
hear the Jets taking off the top of the
carrier and the in then next during that
watch that evening we went and watched
captain's call which is like a
closed-circuit TV that you're supposed
to watch and though air box comes on and
he's like we got some great footage to
show you we're gonna put warheads on
foreheads we're gonna blow up some
ragheads today let's show you what
you've done today and and all the sudden
they showed these grainy footage of
these you know Afghanistan people
walking on these mountain passes and
then you just see the bombs blow up
these people yeah I was horrified I was
horrified because I was like how do I
know there wasn't kids in those caravans
how do I know those the you know those
weren't innocent people so it really
gave me pause and really started making
me re-evaluate what I was
doing in my life and what my value set
was so once I left the military went to
San Diego State University got my
political science degree with an
emphasis in philosophy in American
politics and that really changed a
directory trajectory of where my life
was headed and then it basically shifted
me from that conservative mindset to
where I am now that progressive you know
burning crap mindset that I am today and
since then I've been you know I ran for
San Diego City Council in 2016 and I
also own my own company that's been in
business for over three years running
dozens of canvassing operations and
field count campaigns across the county
even one in Connecticut for a governor
race so so I've been very fortunate to
be able to be in the community and and
develop and you know create the
infrastructures that required for me to
actually have a viable chance to one run
for for Congress you know being the
founder of the San Diego progressive
Democratic Club is one of the largest
clubs in the county and also a member of
the Central Committee a member of the
state Democratic Party I've really
fought to get into those positions
because I'll tell you they didn't want
me there but I'm there and we and we've
done a lot of work there so that's my
quick introduction so if you want to
know more I can okay yeah I'll just ask
your any questions come curious yeah
firstly if you don't mind me asking what
is your background
like background oh yeah I am Latino so
my grandfather's Puerto Rican my
grandmother is Panamanian my mother my
grandfather it was Mexican and so was my
grandmother so are you um uh is your
family conservative - most of them are
yes my mother my mother does like to
call me and rant about Trump because she
hates him so much but and she usually
votes the way I asked her to because you
know she loves me so she's like okay my
descent what are you doing so gotcha
but other than that everybody else is
pretty conservative yeah okay I I'm only
asking because I my background is eerily
similar in some ways I grew up my mom's
side of my family is Cuban so and she is
very Republican and I grew up in like a
Catholic school Catholic grade school
Jesuit High School and then very
Republican up until I was probably about
17 18 and then pretty conservative up
till I was like 22 23 and then I
about me - yeah move to the left yeah
after you have so many experiences after
a while you kind of realize like I don't
know it seems impossible to stay on the
right too much but yeah absolutely
what um and then obviously don't have
get too specific were you like Air Force
Army I was Navy Navy okay I was on USS
on the USS Ronald Reagan which is the
flagship of the u.s. Navy it's a carrier
okay and I was onboard that ship for
four years I did nuclear power training
for two in in Charleston South Carolina
so that's that was my naval career for
six years total gotcha I imagine with
your family being conservative with you
joining the Navy and doing the whole
military thing has there been like a lot
of has there been a lot of friction with
your family now that you're kind of like
a Bernie Democrat its how does that work
well I think the most friction comes
from I brother-in-law you know he's
definitely a trump supporter and I will
say that because my father is a you know
detective in small-town Texas you know I
think a lot of the friction comes on
like my stance on you know what the
militarization of the police is doing to
our country as well as the fact that you
know we shouldn't have guns in the hands
of everyone which he he agrees with
because he's like yeah I'm a cop I don't
want I don't want criminals that have
guns so he he definitely is kind of an
agreement with the with the banning of
assault rifles but you know overall you
know there was a rule for a while at my
home when I went to home particular to
Texas which we don't talk politics but
that didn't really work well for me
because it's like then what I'm gonna
talk about it's my life sure is I do not
want to know anything that I'm doing so
so slowly but surely I've been you know
getting into their heads and you know
like my my dad he's not gonna vote for
Trump right that's a big deal my uncle
who is this very wealthy lawyer in Texas
he's also not voting for Trump so so
something is starting to move and and
you know I think they're starting to be
like well politics sucks and the parties
suck let me just listen to what you know
the issues are and I think they're
they're ears are starting to open up
more okay
what you said you own a company and then
you mentioned canvassing and stuff what
what is here does your company do like
political work or what is your yeah yeah
so so my company is a political
consulting company that focuses on field
so we're we're specialized in field so
for example I guess the best way to do
it is explain the product so what we do
is we actually VIN door knocks so you
know let's say you're a candidate and
you want to knock on a universe of like
ten thousand doors because you know
that's that's the voter University
you're working with I can then you know
you come up with the formulas and how
much the price is gonna be for this many
canvases that are paid a fifteen dollar
minimum wage with you know a yard sign
door hanger and a t-shirt and then I can
basically price it down to the door
knock how much it's going to cost you so
that's that's what we do so people buy
door packages from us and then we go
wouldn't we knock those doors with
intention to to get candidates elected
oh that's yeah okay cool um all right
before we get into policy things on us a
couple of electoral questions because
I'm curious I tried to look up polling
data for the district have there been
any preliminary polls that have come out
yet nothing nothing public but I have
seen some private polls that were done
because you know this is just a crazy
race and right now accordingly to that
poll I am at a statistical tie with the
council president who is also running in
this race so so it is what I have what
I've gleaned from this information is
that it's a three-person race between
the oligarchs or Jacobs who is the
billionaire is that's the heiress to the
Qualcomm fortune and the establishment
pick which is the council president and
then me as the progressive right because
this is the most progressive district in
the entire county there's five there's
five representatives for the County of
San Diego and this is the most
progressive just to put in the context
forty eight percent of this district
went to Bernie Sanders in 2016 so it's
very very progressive and it's very very
young kind of all the other districts
when you there's something I've never
thought about before but when you look
at these districts that are like very
very very blue very very very red oh you
have like this might be like way out
there but do you like long-term goals in
mind when it comes to
political stuff like knowing that like
if you get a seat in a very blue
district and because incumbents can be
hard to like oh so you're like a longer
presence in the house or whatever for
something that is the stuff that you
consider or yes I do I do consider this
to be a leadership district that's what
I call it because you're right once we
have this seat the chances of us losing
this seat is going to be very very
difficult so what are the long-term
visions well for me I am a person who
likes to persuade and talk to colleagues
and and and push really bold policy
agendas so I want to basically go into
the halls of Congress and start whipping
congressional members my colleagues to
actually start falling in line of what
where the country is and I think that I
have a very unique ability to do that so
I guess if you want to say long-term and
I don't I don't think I've really
expressed this too much in public but in
long term I actually want to be a width
right I want to be like the majority
with of the party I want to be the
person that is kind of leading the
charge of where we need to be voting as
as as a group so that's kind of the
long-term goals but obviously I want to
see the hero's promise pass I think
that's going to be something that's
going to be done fairly quickly I also
want to be able to make sure that we
always have strong votes in the
progressive direction that will that
will that will be solid votes so so in
the end I want to be able to lead
because I can be as bold as possible and
not not worry about losing the seat do
you have any like political experience
so far aside from your company like have
you ran for any smaller offices or don't
like school board stuff or anything like
that or yeah you're first so I've ran
for office before I ran for district 7
City Council which is about 50% inside
of district 53 we ran a very grassroots
campaign we were only able to raise like
$30,000 we outspent eighteen to one and
because I was very openly supporting
Bernie Sanders the establishment turned
their back on me pretty quickly here and
I didn't get the Democratic Party
endorsement yet we still knocked on
doors we were still rallying with Bernie
we're still doing all of those things
and we were able to squeak out 17% of
the vote compared to the 22 percent of
the of the Democrat because we were
ready and against a and an incumbent
Republican and it was a nonpartisan race
so people didn't know he was a
Republican
Oh City Councilmember and they voted for
him so he ended up winning
however the Democrat I actually it was I
guess I like to say it was a Spartan
victory because this guy was a real
estate developer and he wasn't he wasn't
really great on a lot of issues and we
pretty much ended his political career I
mean he's no longer even running anymore
because so for me I feel like that was
an advantage for the city to get him out
of the way and I've stayed around in
fact it's funny if he has a lot of the
Democratic Party membership inside of
the county actually think they endorsed
me that year because that guy is so
disappeared from the from from the
community sure okay how if any of these
are harder you don't want to like go
into any of these you don't know it's
fine okay I'm just I'm super curious
because I haven't thought about like
over the past like six months I finally
took in like an a more of an interesting
like electoral politics before the words
like all like national polling and
everything so so I'm kind of curious
when you decide to run for like a
congressional district in San Diego you
said you lived in Texas for a while how
long have you lived in California for
I've lived in California in this
particular County San Diego and district
full since since I was 20 so I've been
here for about 13 years so this is my
home it's my family my business
everything is here now do you ever worry
or does it ever come up where people
will attack you over something like that
like you didn't grow up here how common
is that but a congressional it was like
there for the whole life or something
well it's funny because it's not very
common there is one candidate that
actually does try to say to people oh
he's the only one that's lived in the
district that it pretty much his entire
life but he also went to DC for like
seven years right so he and then he came
back and he's like I'm from this
district I'm like no you're now out of
touch I've been here for the most recent
amount of time both Sarah Jacobs and the
council president have both don't live
in the district Sarah Jacobson just
bought a house because she has so much
money she can do whatever the hell she
wants in the district but the council
president doesn't live in the district
either so it doesn't really come up as
often as you would think and really
what's unique about it is I'm a veteran
and this is one of the biggest veteran
districts in the well
one of the most veteran rich districts
in the entire country actually so for me
so if anyone says oh you're not from
here is like ya tell to tell every
veteran that's still here in San Diego
where they're from
you know it's very it's a very common
story for a veteran to like fall in love
with San Diego and then make it their
home uh-huh one thing that I really like
this is just ten generally related yeah
before like the last like five or ten
years maybe even just over the last five
years it kind of seemed like Republicans
had a monopoly on like veterans bring up
the military like that's a Republican
but like even today you know whether you
agree or disagree and there's plenty of
good both these hands about seeing
people like Tulsi or or peope like on
stage on the Democratic debates like oh
cool like we have veterans now I think
it's a really cool move for the
Democratic Party that they don't cede
that territory especially with issues
related to the VA and everything just
seating that to the Republicans is like
really bad so that's really cool it yeah
and what and what's interesting you know
is that I'm a progressive veteran right
like I'm a veteran that that is to the
left that wants to fight for the values
of all of us and you know that's why the
heroes promise is so critical in my race
is because I am actually pushing real
policy that actually helps veterans at a
deep level because a lot of the
Republican veterans they kind of like
want to keep status quo they want to
keep blowing stuff up they keep they
want to keep you know the the
military-industrial complex going now a
progressive veteran is a someone who
fights for peace right I'm a progressive
veteran for peace I want to make sure
that we bring our troops home I want to
make sure that the troops that are in
there aren't getting abused and that
when they get out they have a safe
journey home because the economy isn't
built for people who are just coming
back for the first time after you know
years in a different completely
different community yeah so I guess
getting into policies and let's look at
this is like the first thing this is
like yeah I kind of like a unique thing
that you've proposed this yes veteran
Bill of Rights yeah why don't you talk
about it what's like your overarching
goal and we can kind of run through it a
little bit yeah yeah absolutely so so
the overarching goal so it's a very
personal issue to me because you know
dealing with the abuse of the military
because the military it's baked in abuse
is baked in right like you you you seen
you know full-metal-jacket I'm sure
right where you
boot camp is supposed to be this place
where they break you down and build you
up and into the military's verse the
first image or best image right so when
you are 18 year old kid 19 year old kid
coming into the military and you have
some some man or woman yelling at you in
the face inches away calling you a piece
of garbage that may be the first
experience for a lot of these young
people that is traumatic right and and
that that is that the next morning they
wake up it's a post traumatic experience
so so the idea of the military is trauma
right so to make it happen the way that
it is you're ordered around you're
you're bullied you you have to do what
they say or they'll punish you for
basically anything that they want so
that control is very oppressive so what
does that lead to that leads to 20
veterans a day killing themselves that
leads to 40 percent of all veterans
being on have it having issues with
alcoholism that leads to opioid abuse
that leads to all of these issues that
people start using to cope with the the
feelings of the PTSD that they don't
even understand exist themselves because
the military trains you to be strong and
you're rewarded if you're weak you're
punished so that's why a lot of people a
lot of veterans don't talk about their
mental health issues because it seems
like a form of weakness it seems like a
form of that they're not strong enough
to live in the world that they live in
and then then it's too late when it's
when when the darkest moments come into
the lives and that's why we've lost one
hundred and thirty nine thousand
veterans to suicide since 9/11 and most
of those people are young so so it's a
really really horrible tragedy so
getting into the nuts and bolts we're
talking about there's two deuce two
sides to this to this policy there's the
active-duty side and there's a veteran
side so on the active-duty side we're
talking about basic meal and sleep
protections right they punish you by
waking you up and they also punish you
by putting you in a watch rotation that
doesn't have dinner and vailable
afterwards right these are the type of
things that happen when you're in the
military that is abusive and it's also
bad for your mental health we need to be
able to file a grievance outside of your
chain of command because if you're being
a
used by your boss and you then you
should be able to report that boss and
not have that boss retaliate against you
for reporting them we also need to make
sure that we have right to mental health
protection and what I mean by that is I
was a reactor operator so I actually had
a secret clearance some submarine ores
actually have top secret clearance
depending on where they are so if you
were to go to a therapist and say hey
I'm sad and that therapist says here's
some prescriptions for you you lose your
job you're no longer in Nuuk all that
training all that work is now and now in
the garbage can and the Navy can just
reassign you to anywhere that you want
to go that isn't cool we need to be able
to make sure that if people are feeling
mentally ill or depressed they should be
able to go to a therapist and not few
not be reprimanded or change their
entire life's trajectory I'm gonna you
need to give us it
oh yeah precarious on that I'm gonna do
I'm gonna double devil's advocate that
positional yeah for sure for sure don't
you think it would be kind of worrisome
if so I imagine that if if not your job
alone at least like your job in
combination with a few other who's
probably integral to the operation or
function of that carrier yeah yes
absolutely there's only there's only
like on on a given on a given carrier
there's only about 24 watchstanders that
I have to stand watch on the two
reactors right that are actually
standing watch continuously so like I
know that like in the military Trust is
like essential like you you have to be
able to trust the people next to you do
you think that it would be worrisome if
some of the people like that you were
relying on who were like integral to the
functioning of your ship maybe had
mental health issues do you think of
that would leave people feeling like my
you know like my fellow soldier might be
compromised in a way that makes me
nervous to be here or makes me feel
insecure to be here sure there is an
argument to be made there however I
think it's worse if you hide those
issues and don't get seen for them right
so so you like for example if I'm
sitting next to a shipmate right that is
dealing with deep depression and he's
not a he or she or not talking about
that then then I'm not gonna know when
they snap right like you know and and
and so so for me I think it's more
important to at least start talking to
people because just because somebody is
going to it there
and talking to somebody or you know are
on an antidepressant that is supposed to
uplift them and that is supposed to
bring them back up into like normal
society so they can be mentally you know
fit for the military but if we are
creating an environment where you're
supposed to hide those things and keep
those things to yourself then we are a
career we are creating a deeper problem
because we don't know how many people
are sick how many people are hurting
deep down and and and that's you know
and and I think that is more dangerous
because if all of a sudden is i wou like
you know Petty Officer Caballero just
freaking snapped and is now trying to
break the reactor how did we know right
and and that and that thing that is very
scary and so for me and the way I look
at it is let's say let's say let's say
somebody's really clinically depressed
I'm like super depressed like they're
ready to kill themselves or whatever
that is something that we can say okay
we're gonna give you help but we're not
gonna remove you from the ability to do
the job we're just gonna set you aside
for a little bit until you're sane
enough to come back to the job right but
to completely say nope you're done
forever and that will follow you for the
rest of your life can even it look it
will add on to the depression of of oh
my gosh I just wasted my life my you
know three and a half years of training
on a reactor operator operator reactor
is now in the garbage can and now if I
go to a civilian world after that those
people like oh why don't you an Inc
anymore why would you why didn't you
finish your entire tour of duty as a
reactor operator right and that will
follow you and haunt you for the rest of
your life and would completely change
your career set which a lot of people
don't want to do because I know a lot of
people who were great reactor operators
and they were fantastic you know on the
job but the second you know they got off
of job they were bullied and abused to
the point where they're disliked it was
the environment that made those people
think that made those people sad it
wasn't the actual job itself of
operating that in fact I would say that
my happiest times were probably
operating the reactor in the Navy right
and and so so I think we have to make
sure that we parcel you know what is
the actual problem and the problem is
the environment that's why that's why
the hero's promise is the way that it is
because it's supposed to protect those
people from the harmful environments
that will lead people to you know the
rope or a gun or a razor right like we
got to make sure that that we we provide
those protections for sure make sense
yeah yeah I definitely understand it
seems like a really hairy issue my lady
there would be like I agree that like it
sucks because there's something I'm sure
you've heard the expression a chilling
effect where have you feel like if you
report something like a mental health
issue then you and you're gonna get in
trouble for it then your dissuading
everybody from reporting it which means
it's gonna exist whether you want it to
or not
impacts it would suck though if if
somebody was on like SSRIs and had like
depression or something and then was
involved in like a major military
accident I feel like there would be like
a lot of blowback against a kind of like
anytime like an illegal immigrant might
kill somebody know something like
everybody am and one thing that one
thing is well is like there are there
are training modules that you can do so
I've operated reactors on life live
carriers and I've also operated reactors
on displays right like they are like
they're their digital displays that you
you go in and you operate so so there
isn't that you can keep somebody
proficient on reactor operations until
like once a therapist says no this
person's good they can go and they can
go and operate you know they're the live
reactor now but to completely just
remove them a hundred percent is
dangerous so so as long as we can keep
people reactor operators proficient in
the job and not have to like actually
operate that reactor I think that would
also be a way to not have to just
dissuade because like obviously if
somebody's like I'm gonna blow up the
ship like you know if somebody says that
in a therapy session of course we're not
gonna put them on a reactor right like
we want to make sure we want to keep
them out of it but but if somebody's
like man my wife left me and I'm just
like I'm just having a bad time coping
with that that doesn't mean that they're
not going to be able to operate a
reactor right you know and that's why
that's why we need the right to mental
health services so professionals can
actually evaluate the danger or where
the the
actual sailor is when operating these
type of equipment right so that I think
that's what we need and yeah there's
different flavors of mental illness
right and we need to make sure we parse
out which ones are dangerous for the
equipment and the personnel on board and
which ones are just like he's just he's
a little sad this wife left them you
know what I mean and and so so so
they're or you know so that's kind of
the way that I look at it is that we can
distinguish Dignitas there you know
because right now it's stigmatized in
the military yeah 100 percent on a
couple of these points and this is
actually my own ignorance I'm just
curious for a citizenship for all
veterans is it really possible to serve
in the US military and not be a citizen
that's true yes so there are there are
deported veterans right now that are
that actually exist and usually what
happens is somebody signs up goes into
the military they're not they're not a
citizen but they sign like a contract
that says you know once when you're in
you you do the citizenship paperwork and
then after you serve for a certain
amount of time they grant you with that
right they that's kind of the way to do
it but let's say let's say you go out
and let's say you get out of the
military and you're still waiting for
that time line to become a citizen and
let's say you know you're dealing with
your PTSD you met your you're an
alcoholic and you go and jump behind the
wheel of a car and and and you get a DUI
they will deport you for that
they they will say no your contract is
done we're going to void your
citizenship and they will deport you
even though you may have served
honorably for four years right or two
years or depending on how many years
that they served I think that's wrong
and the way that I look at it is let's
say let's say the worse happens let's
say you know somebody has a homicidal
episode right and they go and they kill
somebody right and they're not a citizen
yet but they served in the military I
think that person still deserves the
right to due process in America if
they're gonna go to prison they should
go to an American prison there's no need
to just sit that ship that person over
sea or over you know wherever they're
come from right over the border to to
then serve their time in another country
when they least fought in this country
at least we can do is give them a prison
time
this country I know it's a kind of a
weird thing to say but I think you know
if you if you serve in the military like
you you you signed up to pay the
ultimate sacrifice if you had to for
this country the least we can do is say
you can be a city for sure and then for
the education for all veterans are you
talking about like expanding like GI
Bill benefits well yes because right now
I have student loan debt right and I and
I and I took the GI Bill the reason I
still have student loan debt is because
I decided to get some higher education
after the 36 minutes the 36 month time
period so the GI Bill only worked for 36
months once your and once you're
educated for longer than 36 months the
GI Bill is no longer available to you I
think that we should just allow veterans
to just go to as much education as they
want it only betters the country but the
veteran wants to become a doctor a
lawyer a professor they should have that
right to do so because they're gonna be
producing and providing for this country
in a very specific way not every veteran
and I can tell you in fact most veterans
don't actually take advantage of their
education benefit so it's not like it's
a huge cost burden on the country to
expand that benefit to all education -
it shouldn't free so that's what I think
we should be able to afford veterans
because we have intelligent veterans
coming out you know that that why higher
ed education yeah so we should offer
that to them okay so you said that um
San Diego or the district that you're in
had a pretty high density of veterans
right yes yes very high what other like
big policy positions are the most
relevant to talk about in your district
that either the best or what yeah yeah
so immigration is another one because
we're where we're not on the border but
we're right next door to the border
district and so yeah exactly one third
of the district is actually fairly south
so that is a big issue because people
people don't want their families to be
removed you know a lot of times so they
think that it's inhumane press practices
that are happening obviously the camps
and it's child separation the ice ice
roving around our streets taking people
from you know there's a kidnapping
people in broad daylight like
these things are happening and that's
become a very big issue so you know
eliminating the refugee cap making sure
that we have a one-page intake that
allows people to to come in allows
people to come into this country with a
they fill out the paperwork they fill
out where they are their basic
demographic information we put them
through a criminal background check
internationally and if they come back
clear give them an ankle bracelet let
them go back and go into the country
where their family is and then allow
them to set up a court date where they
want to be regionally so that way we can
take off pressure off of the court
border system so like all of these these
courts are all being inundated with
people at the border well why don't we
have some immigration courts happen in
Wyoming in in Nebraska and Wisconsin
right like there are people that want to
move to those areas that have family
there so we can actually alleviate a lot
of the court system problems and chop
down the waiting line by doing that we
need us we need to remove the whole
period right where we're just holding
people just for the hell of it we and we
need to shut down all the private prison
facilities that are holding people as
well you know I I cannot I cannot stress
how angry I get it when I see an
establishment Democrat going and using
argument like we need to give more money
to the facilities so so it could be more
comfortable it's like no we need to shut
down the facilities I don't want to make
a prison more comfortable and allow more
people to go into it you're buying into
the Republican argument of they need
more money so they can detain more
people and and you know and I get what
people like oh it's a human rights thing
it's like no the human rights thing is
that they're there in the first place
stop pretending like really if we give
them a Hilton Hotel situation that it's
gonna be better for them they want to be
with their families they don't want to
be in a cushy prison so like that's not
that's not what we want to give our
people so so so I want to do that as
well as shut down those facilities and I
want to also abolish ice so that those
are a few of the policy points that I
have at the border and also sending more
administrators to make sure that that we
can take in the the crisis I'm kind of
curious how does refugee allocation work
is that that's got to be like a federal
thing right when you talk about chipping
off like refugees to other districts for
their courts to process them or whatever
is there a chance that like Nebraska for
instance might not have like a court
system that's capable of dealing with
those types of cases or possibly right
and but you know one of the things are
like it's just just like any other like
court system like when you file a case
when you file you know whatever the
court then takes in that file and then
they appropriate judge and the
appropriate clerks will put in the right
information and make you see those to
see those things now if all of a sudden
let's say Nebraska has you know 20
immigration cases that they have to see
then they probably need to bring in
another judge right they probably need
to expand their their Court bench to
make sure that they can they take in
that that type of work so so we can we
can start bowstring those processes in
those areas that are weaker so so I
think it could you know we can benefit
in two ways there not only are we gonna
be able to distress the the court
systems on the border but we can also
increase the effectiveness of the court
systems and in places that nope normally
get a lot of cases don't you think
there'd be a lot of pushback from those
states who wouldn't want to have to
fight with the increase in funding like
the budget struggles and everything to
hire more lawyers to deal with what they
would I mean it's a country's phone but
they would say like well we don't want
California's problems you know in our
state now mm-hmm I you know it's gonna
have to be a reframing right we're gonna
have to reframe the argument because
like this the the border crisis is not
just a border state problem right the
border crisis or whatever you want to
call it it's not really a crisis it's
manufactured to be a crisis but the
border situation is a national situation
and and we we can we have mountains of
evidence to show that when refugees come
into communities that those communities
actually start to prosper they start
producing more they actually start
having more tax revenue they actually
really start benefiting a lot of those
community areas that didn't have a lot
of support so so so there is an argument
to be made it's like well your labor
pools need more help to we you need more
production right there's just nobody out
there so we can actually help bring more
resources to their states so there's an
argument to be made that if they do
accept these people that they're going
to receive more
for their own infrastructures their own
necessary needs that they need in these
states because you can look at states
like Kansas and you could say wow they
need a lot of help they need a lot of
support so if we were to let's say do a
you know a block grant for example which
is like if you accept this number of
people you receive this many X dollars
of federal funding for your schools or
for your roads or for you know
affordable housing what whatever
whatever the representatives in those
areas want their people to have we need
to be able to provide those resources to
them so it's kind of like a carrot in a
stick situation so obviously the state
has the right to say whatever they want
because you know we have states rights
in this country if they say no well
they're also saying no to to the money
in the resources that could effectively
help their community members as well so
so that's the way we have to play the
game it's a carrot and a stick right and
and we want to be able to entice States
to be able to make these decisions on
their own so they can receive the
benefits that we could provide in
Congress because Congress has the purse
strings so we have the ability to
actually allocate resources the states
that that that that comply just like the
federal freeway system right not at all
states have to have 65 mile an hour
speed limit signs but they do because if
they don't they don't get a regular
highway yeah yeah so it's the same it's
the same type of situation okay makes
sense is um San Diego County or the
county or the part of the county I guess
that your district is representing
pretty like unified on these types of
immigration issues like things like
abolish ice and being relatively per
immigration and I mean yeah most of it
is I would say about two-thirds of it is
is pretty strong on that issue you have
the southern portion and you have the
central portion so the central portion
of San Diego which is like the most
dense neighborhoods those areas are very
very liberal you're talking about the
highest level of Bernie supporters the
youngest amount of people and or the
most amount of young people you you
these are the people that are going to
the women's marches the immigration
rallies like that's where a lot of that
base is actually
happening so so a lot of that is going
to be very very strong now as far as the
north eastern portion of the district it
might be a little bit more shaky but at
the end of the day they also feel like
we are taking in a lot of the brunt of
the issue and they want to see that
spread around - for sure what is a what
what do you think are or what is the
most divisive issue between you and the
establishment Dems running like what's
like the one issue that you set yourself
apart on or what are a couple of issues
that you think you really say yourself
apart from establishment domes yeah for
sure one is that I'm fighting for
Medicare for all with the elimination of
private health insurance none of the
other candidates are fighting for that
issue oh well there they say Medicare
for all but they say it in that
establishment way where it's like
Medicare for all but they kind of don't
elaborate what that means so it's kind
of like that Medicare for all for
everybody who wants it right it's kind
of that type of type of rhetoric another
one is that I am very very Pro veteran
and and trying to actually give real
veteran rights a lot of the
establishment people they're not really
touching that because they don't really
know how to that that's that's a big
issue I'm also fighting for the
elimination of student loan debt and no
other candidate has has actually said
that publicly because we have major
universities in this district like San
Diego State University my loan right
there's a lot of students that live in
the area and there's a lot of parents
that live in the area that one or see
that removed as well and that's pretty
much I think the big ones you know that
that we I also want to allocate I'm also
standing for housing for all I'm
actually gonna be adding this to the
website but I want to allocate 1.48
Billy a trillion dollars to over ten
years to basically address affordable
housing prices across this country so
that means la San Diego Newark you know
Philadelphia you know all of the San
Francisco all the major cities that have
housing crisis we need to be able to
allocate specific resources to those
areas to build more places so so I am
very aggressive on that as
and obviously green New Deal candidate
but I think some of the candidates are
actually trying the trying to say that
as well so but though I think those are
the biggest things and I'm just an
unapologetic progressive so so that's
that's that's my biggest issues yeah
okay I can poke you in a couple years
cuz I'm curious yeah well more in line
economically as definitely like an
establishment them more than like a
progressive one so I'll give you a
couple of our standard questions for
some of these sure so for the Medicare
for all thing on the private option and
the or not private option on the
single-payer with the elimination of
private health insurance yeah how do you
respond to people that would say it
would be easier so I think like people
like Peter made this argument would be
easier to have a very strong public
option and then maybe in the future that
becomes so amazing that it essentially
becomes single-payer or we can
transition into eliminating private
health care after a public option has
been offered for a long while that would
be more politically feasible and more
financially feasible as well it'd be
easier for a budget and everything as
well yeah so one thing we have to we
can't ignore that the pharmaceutical
companies and the medical industry are
not going to allow a robust single-payer
system if we start at the level of a
compromise of like we're gonna let you
exist they're going to start creating
packages that are going to undercut our
government system they're gonna have
lobbyists that are gonna make our
Medicare for for all system weaker and
more expensive and and so so that's
going to make more problems than they're
worth so let's look at it this way if we
actually eliminated the private health
insurance industry we would no longer
have to compete with their cutthroat you
know policies that that hurt American
people so if we were to say well you're
on Medicare for all the doctors and the
pharmaceutical companies only have to
negotiate with the country that's it you
have one option that's the way it's
gonna be and that is going to make it
much easier for citizens to understand
it and utilize it another thing is why
like private businesses you know
companies do you know they are tired and
I know this because when I hire
a full-time employee and once I have a
certain number of them because my labor
pool fluctuates because their campaign
season there's more people during non
campaign cease there's less people but
once I hit a threshold I have to start
providing health care for my employees
which which I provide because it's the
right thing to do because I have to in
this country but I'd prefer not to I
prefer that the government take care
that that take care of my my worker and
and make sure that they get the best
quality hair health care available
rather than having to rely on me to
actually push my values on to the
consumer so I can pay my workers a
payable cost so if you look at it this
way when we have private health
insurance especially at the employer
level Americans are paying twice for
their health care not only are they
paying for their own health care they're
also paying for their for the employer
that they're buying products from health
care because the products become more
expensive because labor costs more
because healthcare costs more and if we
were to remove that from the equation
businesses could actually pay people
what they feel is required rather than
saying oh I can't pay you 17 or 18
dollars an hour because I have to pay
three or four of those dollars into your
health care so so Americans are paying
hand-over-fist and cost just in that
alone right because if we were to
actually give that cost of what the
employers are paying health care to the
actual employees and then they would
just pay taxes and things like that then
they would actually be saving tons of
money their incomes would go up so I
think that that is the best situation
that we can have in this country because
private health insurance only objective
is to make money on the cost of people's
accidents and health and I think that
health care is a right and we shouldn't
commoditize commodify the the need for
you breaking your leg when you break
your leg do you shop around for the best
Hospital no you just go to the hospital
you go to the doctor right they they
they they they basically are pulling you
over a barrel and making you pay for
these costs that the health insurance
industry is telling you how to pay so we
need to be able to
been up that process - a public option
so people can actually see what their
costs are going to rather than this
closed box operation that the private
health insurance has created so I know
that's a long answer but that's kind of
how I feel about it
sure how do you respond to people that
um that would say like in terms of like
raising taxes on groups of people a
really common charge that we've seen
thrown at Warren and Bernie Sanders is
like are you going to raise taxes on the
middle class what kind of an answer you
give in response to those kinds of
questions well though the question is
actually yeah your taxes are gonna go up
just a tiny bit but not a lot for like
middle-class people but just a tiny bit
but you're gonna be saving so much money
on the back end of having not to pay for
your own health care right if you don't
have to pay for your own health care
some some people in America families are
paying like over you know several
thousand dollars a month like even if
it's a good plan like they're paying
like eight hundred seven hundred
thousand dollars a month to make sure
that their their families wait hello
right like if we raise taxes $2,000 on
people but they're saving 10 then yes
we're gonna go that route right that
makes that makes a lot of sense and
we're not even talking about if somebody
gets hurt like these premiums these
co-pays you know an average family has a
premium of $5,000 right they're not
premium but yeah that's right that that
they that when they get hurt they have
to pay up to $5,000 but oh the copay
thank you
well the copay is when you go and see
the doctor but yeah you have to pay the
copay or the deductible that's what it
is sorry oh is it yes oh sorry so like
average American is about $5,000 on
their deductible so you have to get
$5,000 worth of damage Plus before you
even get any money back from your health
care health care insurance at all so so
so when you're a family and you know I'm
a young family you know I have my
fiancee and my five-year-old son like if
my son gets hurt you know I'm gonna do
everything in the world to make sure
he's safe but I don't want to go
bankrupt for it you know what I mean
just because you know I don't have
$5,000 just chilling in my bank account
ready for the next emergency right so so
that's what that's what we got to look
at is the fact that you're gonna save so
much more money in the back end not
paying and not and also not having
headache of dealing with an insurance
company is also really great because you
don't have to go and call your insurance
company is this gonna be covered am I
gonna qualify like screw that we don't
need that anymore right we just go to
the doctor we get served and then we do
that right and we leave so so yeah when
it comes to so this is something that
we've taken some hardline stance on
before in my community when it comes to
like pragmatic politics like what can
get past versus kind of the more ethical
or moral guidance of like what should we
pass if somebody would have demonstrate
to you that getting like single-payer
well I think we can we can say pretty
simply getting single-payer is gonna be
a lot harder than getting like a public
option does that factor into your
decision at all for what to push for or
do you only push for what you think
would be like the optimal solution and
you don't care like what the probability
of it succeeding or failing is like how
do you weigh that and that's a really
cool oh it is it is
and you got a look at it from the
district level right so I am gonna be
one voice you know how to four hundred
and thirty five and one thing that I do
know by canvassing the doors out my
community is that people are dying like
well almost quite literally dying for
single source single-payer
medicare-for-all system right like so so
my district and they've done polling on
this seventy percent of the country
agrees that a medicare-for-all program
would actually be very effective right
so if we kind of live in a progressive
bubble here so that number actually is
way higher right than seventy percent
the national average so so when it comes
down to it the argument that we need to
have Medicare for all with a with with
the elimination of private health
insurance is an argument that needs to
be on the floor of Congress now when it
comes to pragmatism of like is this
gonna pass we don't know yet right all
we know is that when we get these people
elected into office and hopefully I'm
gonna be among them that we're gonna be
able to make real solid arguments on the
floor that the American people are going
to be able to hear we're gonna be on
mainstream media we're gonna be making
these arguments and start the the
persuasion campaign to bring up the
level of knowledge of the American
people to make it not as scary because
right now there is a monopoly on in the
media saying what you just said it's
like this isn't pragmatic we're not
going to be able to pass it it's gonna
be you know this is it just is it gonna
work well our job as politicians and
community members is to challenge that
status quo and bring that argument to
the stage so we can actually have a real
civilized discussion about what is
actually practical and what actually can
be done in this country but we can't
have that argument until people like
myself are in office so so so yes
there's an argument to be made but I
think that that can always be made for
every single argument out there right
like how are you gonna pass this thing
in this country you know people were
telling that to FDR when he was trying
to pass Social Security right people
were telling that to to people who are
trying to remove child labor like you
know all of these things there's always
an oppositional
force that is going to try to assume
that it's unbreakable so what we got to
do is we got to prove it we got to prove
it and the only way we're gonna be able
to prove it is by bringing these
arguments to the floor so so so the
answer is maybe but we got a try sure
right when it comes to things like
eliminating student loan debt this is
like another like where does the money
come from question how do you approach
it when people when people talk about
getting a college degree we can see that
there's like a pretty big premium paid
to degree holders yes I don't know I
don't know the numbers offhand but it's
like I think it's about 25 thousand a
year in average earnings for in median
earnings I'm like a degree holder versus
like somebody with just a high school
education when you talk about taxing
people or when you talk about raising
taxes on any part of say the middle
class to pay back like the government to
forgive the loans of all these degree
holders how do you navigate those types
of questions so I think this is another
Pete saying where he'll say like you
know I don't know why a middle class
person should have to pay off you know
the education of somebody that's now
earning a lot of money because they have
a degree how do you how do you deal with
those types of issues well first off we
can we can we can say to the argument is
to eliminate student loan debt we don't
need to raise taxes on anybody when it
comes to like the middle class we can we
can we can make that money up because
you're only talking about 1.6 trillion
dollars that I know is only that much
but if we were to break that up into ten
years right that that isn't that much
that's reversing the trunk tax cuts
actually taxing the wealthy their fair
share you know doing the the stock
market of transitional trades that
microtransactions carbon tax there there
is so many innovative ways that we can
actually pay for the elimination student
loan debt because it's very simple think
about it this way like if we were to say
okay to all the loan companies across
the country right like navient and
wherever they're coming from right like
we go okay the government is gonna pay
off all of your loans but it's gonna
take ten years you're gonna be receiving
this lump sum payment over the next ten
years until all the loan is paid off
that that allows those companies to
continue their operations right to
continue to get their their money back
on all the loans that they put out pay
back their investors they will be
getting an interest rate so they would
be very happy to allow that rather than
chasing down a bunch of broke students
every day you know try and trying to get
those payments through so I think that
there's so many innovative ways to pay
down our student loan debt and that
would get the noose off of the neck of
these students because if without a
student loan debt you can start a
business you can put a down payment on a
house you can you know go and do things
that that money can get into the economy
so so we need to put those dollars into
the economy because people need to live
because it's too expensive so that would
go into the communities rather than some
rich you know loan investor right and
and so that's kind of the way that I see
it it's really not that big of a cost so
we I don't think that we're gonna need
to raise one Kenny on any middle-class
you think so I know that you say that
like it's only like one and a half or so
trillion dollars spread over ten years
maybe we fight for the funding by
reversing some tax cuts or something to
get it out of the budget but I imagine
you'd also probably want to couple this
with ongoing payment of education as
well right like you've also said that
you want to make education for free yes
we would have to continue to fund it as
well on top of that do you think all the
rice can be funded out of like these the
financial transaction taxes the FTAs or
stuff like that you think you can find
the funding yeah absolutely
you got to look at like how much money
is in the stock market in speculative
markets right like we don't even know
how much money billionaires have or the
trillion or they maybe even trillions we
don't even know right because they have
so much money off see offshore like it
like we probably only know about 50% of
the actual market of money that exists
because we only see public dollars so
that stock market that's that's that's
real estate that's all of that but when
it comes to like the closed bank
accounts of these people that are
overseas we don't even know how much
money is there so so I think that there
is plenty of money to with financial
stock trading and financial markets to
be able to pay for education because
it's such a drop in the bucket
and it says for every dollar that we
spend on education we get ten back right
so so we need to make sure that we
use that model rather than saying oh
let's just keep the billionaire's richer
and then they can trickle some of that
money down into our hands by their
charity we could actually say no we're
gonna invest in people and those people
are gonna increase the the value of our
society and productivity are you um so
I'm trying to get like to in the weeds
on any of these in terms of like funding
things via like the financial
transaction taxes so like like one
common response that I've heard for this
is like when you're talking about
especially things like high frequency
trades are like derivative markets
sometimes the margins on these trades
are quite close these aren't like you're
like massively profitable every trade so
some people have said I've seen this a
lot in Bernie's response like Bernie's
FTT proposals that like if you start to
put any type of tax like a per trade tax
on these markets that these markets
would essentially dry up and you
wouldn't find the revenue there have you
I don't know ask if you like grow yon
figures there but have you looked into
any of these responses to see like would
it actually be economically viable to
fund like our entire education system
and I'll put like a per transaction tax
on our derivative markets or do you
think that's like a little bit too
helpful that maybe those markets will
shift pretty significantly in response
to that type of like closing a profit
margin or elimination of it yeah sure so
so we have to look at this as a temporal
argument like time right we gotta look
like if we were to put this
transactional tax in a lot of these
billionaire companies these these
billion dollar fortune 500 companies
that are doing a lot of these things
they're they're they're models are
already built around that so so they
they already have a financial stake in
how this money is shifting around
it's not gonna be overnight that they're
just gonna figure out a new financial
system that is going to be able to
provide the same type of value that is
already being provided by these
transactions in the first place now you
got to remember the reason they do these
transactions in the first place is they
get a leg up on the little guy right
that lit the the day trader the person
like you and I if we wanted to get
involved in stocks right that's why
they're doing this stuff so so they may
say we're gonna try to change your
system but that's our job as legislators
to catch them so if they start shifting
the way they're doing business we're
going to shift the way we we we make
sure they're not staid
the taxes because anything that they
shift away from that
that's them evading the taxes so we need
to be able to be nimble just like
they're nimble and and we got to make
sure okay so you're not doing that
anymore but you're doing this criminal
activity well we're gonna go in and tax
that one too right so it's it's about
it's about not setting it and forgetting
it it's about being proactive and making
sure where that line is sliding on where
the money is going because that's what
it is it's like they're just evading
taxes so we just need them we shift back
with them sure I would be really clear
here just just on just to say like there
is a difference between tax evasion and
tax avoidance right yeah thank you thank
you for tax avoidance is totally
legitimate to shift up your business
strategy if there's like taxation that's
like causing like a decrease in profit
somewhere that tax avoidance is okay tax
evasion is like the illegal like I'm
actually yeah okay thank you for that
correction and and you're right
it is definitely taxed about avoidance
but thank you for that oh you're sure
when it comes to when it comes to things
like housing so especially now I
actually come from Nebraska I live in a
rescue for thirty years and I've been in
California for almost a year now and it
caused me to look at housing stuff a lot
more what do you think about and the
matin this might be the area that I'll
fight with you the most on we could
whatever any about you but I'm curious
on housing yeah what what do we do oh my
goodness I know right so so right now
California it's a housing crisis it's a
it's an emergency I just California
Washington New York cities over the
world yeah so we have seven point eight
million homes deficit right now in in
this country so so we need to build a
lot of stock but we also need to unlock
a lot of stock so they're a housing
stock what I mean
so so for example let's let's go with
the easy ones first like right now like
in the stays I use San Diego as an
example here because it's happening all
over I'm sure you know Airbnb
right the the the way they do their
practices Airbnb model is that they
allow people to rent out their homes and
their rooms or whatever like some kind
of an assembly see right however what
people don't realize is only about 50 to
25 percent of the market that Airbnb has
to offer
is those one-bedrooms in somebody's home
or that granny flat above there above
somebody's home personal home this is
actually investors from Dubai China you
know Europe gotta go in it I in those
houses and using them for Airbnb yeah
this is actually something that I
noticed man I want to say Airbnb started
was it like eight or nine years ago
maybe hasn't been that long when I when
I heard this is like a round when I
heard about it was like almost decade
ago and it used to be that when you
would Airbnb there's like some family
that has like a spare room like in the
basement or whatever and you'd rent it
out nowadays when you Airbnb you get
like you get like a chain email that you
know that like wasn't written by an
actual person and I tell you like when
you show up you've got to like you know
crawl down the sewer and there's like a
secret lockbox instead of really got to
go to and if the guy I remember when I
rented one out I got a text right before
I got in and the guy was like oh by the
way like if the if the guide the desk
asks who you are telling you're my
brother like joaquin or whatever and i'm
gonna do what the [ __ ] like are you
serious okay yeah I've noticed that [ __ ]
where it's like it's like major
companies that are like buying up like
properties just to like Airbnb and
people actually complain about this
happening in man in another country
actually and I saw this video like five
or six years ago and look so silly but
now it's like common practice where when
I Airbnb I'm pretty much assuming it's a
major company that's bought a whole
bunch of units it's just renting them
out to people on this out absolutely
they're they're actually they're
actually air B&B vacation rental
management companies so so you it is so
like if you were a million dollar
investor you could come to San Diego buy
up a couple homes right go and then go
hire a vacation rental company so go and
manage those homes so people can move
into them so so you got to realize what
does that do well that eliminates our
housing stock because rather than having
an actual family in the community live
in that home you're gonna have some
random person come in and out over and
over and over what does that do it kills
communities it kills schools because
school attendance starts the drop and
therefore sometimes it's dropped so low
that the public school doesn't even have
the the the need to be there anymore
which is tragic right so you're
increasing commutes for children in
neighborhoods because that school is
that have enough attendance and funding
to be able to stay in our
raishin like these are the things that
are happening so we need to make sure we
go in and do a ban that doesn't allow
companies are people private investors
to go and usurp you know zoning laws for
example we have hotels right we have
motels we have places in in the country
that are zoned for tourism and people
who are guests into the cities and
communities that they live but what's
happening is we're creating de-facto
hotels and motels out of community homes
and what that's doing is its removing
the housing stock for people like you
and I to go and and and and effectively
live in these homes so that's one thing
that we need to do we need to eliminate
that because it's it's making private
investors that are not even living here
wealthy in fact Dubai and San Diego's is
a very very big investor of Airbnb
vacation rentals here because we live in
San Diego it's beautiful here right so
so another thing we need to do is we
need to form some form of national rent
control we we in this country are
allowing these landlords to basically
rule over the people right like we're
letting these land owners basically in a
sense basically rule over how we are
supposed to be living in our society so
for example you know I've been living in
San Diego now for for like looks like I
said about 13 you know 14 years now and
when I lived here 13 years ago rince
were not that bad but now rents have
gone up almost $700 from where they were
$800 or $1000 more than they were
people's wages didn't go up a thousand
dollars in San Diego ever more right so
what's happening is the cost of living
is going up because of the fact though
that the rents are going up so high we
need to be able to protect renters from
those predatory practices of what these
landlords are doing so we need to
provide that type of system we need to
invest massive amount of money like I
said one point eight one I'm sorry one
point four eight trillion dollars over
ten years to build affordable housing so
and we need to empower
communities like San Diego County or LA
County or San Francisco County New York
County right like these these areas need
to be able to build developments in
their communities and what's wrong right
now is that development is completely
run by the private industry so these
developers are going into these
communities and they're saying I'm gonna
build this place but I'm gonna build it
for a profit and if you don't let me do
it I'm just not gonna build or I'm just
gonna make this extremely expensive so
investors can come in and purchase this
we need to be able to protect cities and
counties from these predatory developers
so we can actually start developing and
saying no you will build this or you
will not build at all and we'll find
somebody who will because that's what we
need is affordable housing stock and and
and that money will be allocated for
that and I also believe we also need to
give about five hundred billion dollars
to the mixed mixed use communities right
so so where we build you know places
where there's there's like development
but underneath there is like shopping
centers and things of that nature so
people don't have to go in a car and
drive across city just so they can go
and get groceries right we need to start
creating more mixed-use development that
actually allows people to live and and
survive where they live so they have to
jump in the car right so that that will
help transit as well so so there's a lot
of things that we can do that will
effectively alleviate our housing crisis
and and all it takes is just a little
bit of money and putting it into the
proper zoning and also making sure that
we plug the holes that created the
housing crisis in the first place right
like the vacation rentals and the rink
in the predatory rent controls right and
and the predatory developers so so
there's a lot of things that we have to
do on both sides resources to build
legislation and regulation to stop the
predatory practices that create the
problems in the first place okay all
right
this is where I'm gonna put my my stake
in the sander I don't want a little bit
so I take issue with a I take issue with
calling developers predatory because
they want to make a profit
I mean that's kind of like at least the
way that we're structured like
economically no like we would never say
like that grocery store is predatory
because they want to sell food for a
profit or that clothing store is
predatory because they want to sell
clothes for a profit I don't know if I
would say that like a developer that
builds a building and wants to rent it
out as a predator because they want to
make a profit that's generally like an
expected behavior if you make some
capital investment hopefully you make
money off it right yeah so I'm gonna
push back a little bit so you you are
right to an extent right we I'm a
business owner so I make a profit right
I have to or I can't I can't thrive
right I can't do what I do
so what I'm talking about in particular
and I'm gonna get a little bit into the
policy weeds not too much but just a
little bit yes I mean I'm gonna use San
Diego as an example so in San Diego you
have something called you you have you
have to create a certain percentage of
affordable housing within a development
so let's say you're a developer you're
coming to San Diego you have to make at
least 15% of the units that you're
building affordable housing so therefore
you have to make sure that you know you
have ability for people to come in for
lower income however in San Diego you
have something called an in lieu fee so
rather than paying the 15th person
getting the 15% of a housing they can
pay a fee to the city and then they can
no longer have to build that affordable
housing so what does that mean they the
the developers aren't just paying this
in lieu fee at the kindness of their
heart they transfer that cost of that
amou fee on to the renter so that
increases the price of that condominium
or that apartment by a lot because they
are the ones that are saying no no this
isn't affordable this is just a nice
housing so what's happening is when we
are saying as a city hey we need
affordable housing and we need market
rate housing and labor force housing
these developers are like no we're gonna
build luxury housing because that's what
we're gonna make all of our money right
can't you just zone for affordable
housing and get rid of like these weird
kind of like this sounds like rent
seeking 101 like why not just eliminate
that Lou feed thing that's what I said I
I agree that's why a lot of city council
candidates because I'm trying to you
know help these city council candidates
talk about hey we now it only need to
eliminate the in lieu fees
we also need to increase the percentage
of how many houses
how many portable houses they have in
those areas so so so that's the
regulations that I'm talking about
is that we need to make sure that these
developers like again
I don't mind a developer coming in
building a bunch of affordable housing
and making a good profit on doing a
service for the city that's great you
did a service if you're producing
affordable housing for young people and
young families to come in and be able to
work and play in San Diego great I am a
hundred percent for it I want you to be
able to continue to do that work what
I'm talking about is that there's these
developers that are super wealthy and
want to make as much money as possible
at the cost of our community that's
predatory right and I guess I had to
like decipher what what I'm talking
about so so thank you for the
clarification on that
uh-huh I guess I come the so when I look
at housing I guess but that's a proposed
like my positive solution rather than
just attacking yours if you just don't
like it's a like I see there are so many
detrimental like this so much fallout
from stuff like rent control or stuff
like potentially doing public housing is
going to involve like a pretty dramatic
restructuring of how we do housing like
I live in a have you been to LA up to LA
oh yeah absolutely so I lived north of
Hollywood in a little city called
Glendale 95% yeah yeah sure it's not
like a big seed or anything but like I
am in a one-bedroom loft and I pay about
2,700 a month for my rent yeah and then
I'm also paying for a three-bedroom
house back in Nebraska for thirteen
hundred a month
yeah pretty significantly different from
my apartment so like there's just
there's things that I don't have any
idea why in California so like I don't
know why there are no tall apartments in
in Glendale like this is like five
stories I don't know why when I walk
across the street there are all these
like single-family homes it feels like
when it when it comes to a lot of these
housing issues that like we can try and
play games with rent control we can try
and just you know talk about like
specific laws but why can't we just own
more high high-density like housing like
it doesn't have to be public does have
to be government like either pay market
value and like destroy some people I
don't know I'd be I'd about and like
just zone out like high-density housing
why can't that just be the option let
them
but people build things like yeah that
that that is that is one of the probably
biggest political enigmas that we have
right now
in in in I guess American politics so so
me as a federal legislature right and I
just want to caveat this I cannot go
into Glendale and say you need a zone
for high-density oh right I I but we but
I can as you know talk to state
legislators and talk to different local
people but this is the issue I'm sure
you've heard of the eunbi movement right
yeah no I yeah because I promise you
have to do this in a totalitarian way
you have to ignore all the homeowners in
the area because yeah II against it yeah
exactly which is which is also
detrimental to right and it doesn't work
so so a lot of these urban sprawl
especially in a suburb like Glendale
right you have you have a lot of old
people that have you know said you know
I built this piece of land for myself
this is mine I don't want to see
high-rises I don't want to see the
community fabric of my home being
completely changed right and there's a
lot of that set in mindset where people
like I don't want to change that I don't
want it right so what we have to do is
we as as young people have to go into
those City Council meetings get it go in
and say hey look I want I want a higher
height limit right III you know because
I bet you that you said five storeys is
where yes like five or six storeys and I
wondered like maybe I don't know any and
maybe it's because of earthquakes but if
I go downtown there are skyscrapers
there so it's a height limit so so I
guarantee you that the place that you
live is probably as high as they allowed
it to go which is probably six six
storeys because the residents of
Glendale aren't aren't wanting to see a
bunch of high-rises they don't want to
see their communities turn into what it
looks like in downtown LA but the what
the problem is sprawl is not good like
you have the transit problems you have
the fact that people can't live in those
regions you have a lot of made juice
with sprawl especially environmentalism
as a whole right environmental E
so we have to go in and say look we have
an emergency now this is something that
that I was thinking and I I'm not ready
for president so I can't declare an
emergency right because if he could if
he declared a national housing crisis
emergency then then I think we'd be able
to give our local governments a little
bit more of a hammer right to be able to
pass legislation that will piss off a
lot of the older residents and
communities right but we need a piss off
some we can't make everybody happy right
you know if you if you were to build a
residence a large residence let's say
let's say in Glendale I'm going to use
Glendale as an example because there's a
lot of parallel examples in San Diego so
so please correct me if I'm making a
wild assumption about Glendale but if
you were to go in and let's say you were
to take a block in a resident source
broad area of Glendale and you say we're
gonna buy all the houses on this block
condemn them flatten it out and then and
then and then all of a sudden you have
you know a big sign and you start seeing
that says we're gonna be building this
community bottom law right now on a
Swedish like the 30 story communist
[ __ ] apartment yeah yep you would
have protests every day in the council
offices of older white affluent people
that are gonna come in and say if you do
this I'm gonna vote you out and they're
gonna protest every f and day pee pee
this but but I actually I think that
it's actually an issue that people are
unified on that they want to keep
housing bad because like it wouldn't
just be the white because it would be
like the affluent building owners and
landlords that would be incentivized to
kick that out but it would also be the
homeowners to which i think is like the
big problem because if i owned a home
that it and these dilapidated how I
shouldn't say live it but he's like very
small very bad houses are like I'll look
these up on Zillow like so for like nine
hundred fifty thousand dollars right
well if you live there and now all of a
sudden they zone you know some 20 story
high-rise apartment building well your
property values are going to pretty
substantially decrease as well and
they've already got it like I don't know
yeah yeah so like I feels like one of
those things where even like the poorer
people that manage to own houses around
here as well would be pretty unified
against that's why I said you'd almost
how it would have to be like a
totalitarian government thing it would
be and and that's and that's why you
know I always call this a housing crisis
a housing emergency right because if
it's an emergency if it's a crisis you
have to take emergency action right and
we cannot pretend that that the solution
of this problem is it just it's just
gonna evaporate on its own right we have
to have what you were saying in those
Swedish high-rises that basically have
everything inside of them that you can
live on right and and it's incredible
and we should have more of that the
issue is like you said exactly what you
said the homeowners are gonna are gonna
riot right and they're gonna be like you
just destroyed my livelihood this is
okay yeah and and and sadly we're gonna
have to make some really tough decisions
and and it's gonna it's gonna piss off a
lot of really affluent rich people that
have owned their land and and most
people don't own their land anymore they
don't own their property so so it's a
very small minority of people because if
you think about it how many people would
love to move to Glendale a lot of people
would love it it's a beautiful area and
this is one of my big problems with like
policies like like rent control is that
the the people that it helps are
immediately noticeable like when I would
we enact like rent control you see
everybody that benefits from it like
right away all the people that get to
stay but you don't see like all the
damage it causes when will now no
there's no new investment in real estate
and all the people that want to move in
can't and non rent control properties
have even higher rents because because
they're not rent controlled and it yeah
it seems like the zoning issue there is
so frustrating to me all right you know
and again you know I want you to take a
strong stance on that's gonna hurt you
politically have you heard of like
proposition 13 you have like opinions
and stuff like that or yeah on that I
think that we should eliminate it that
is insane to me that a family and it's
interesting you said this earlier about
like people wanting to live in a place
or never wanting their community to
change and maybe this is just the innard
maybe I'm too cold for this but like I
always found it kind of absurd the idea
that like not only should you be allowed
to live
one place your entire life but your
family and your children's children
children's children's children should
always live there the idea that you
could be so the idea that your
property's value could increase so much
that you can't afford the taxes on it I
mean that to me sounds like a good
problem to have like I bought a $200,000
house and outs we're like a million
dollars and I can't afford the tax it's
time to sell the house and move like
that's an OK yeah thank you insane to me
that prop their team Oh
Laxus taxes yeah it does and and it's
and it's a huge I mean what prop 13 it
was an 80s right I think that's when it
was done so so we got a look at that and
be like wow that's that bad at that bill
I'm just like everything else in the 80s
yeah has completely destroyed our
communities that we're trying to live in
now it's literally the opposite of a
wealth tax like yeah the more you have
an assets the more you pick well with
prop 13 the more you have in assets the
less as a percentage of those that's
absolutely crazy you know and I'll say
about prop 13 the thing is like there's
an incrementalist thing happening right
now which which if something changes
it's fine where they want to split it
because right now that with the craziest
thing about prop 13 other than the
obvious reasons that we've been
discussing is that this also counts for
commercial property - uh-huh I think
that's insane there are there are there
are beachside hotels in downtown San
Diego right now that our pain pennies on
the dollar for their property that an
average average San Diego and and San
Diego is paying more for right and and
it is gross and egregious and guess what
corporations don't die so they can just
keep on passing it on keep passing it on
and they're immortal so so so we have to
eliminate that like tomorrow you know
and and that that's something that needs
to happen but I also agree that it needs
to be extended the private home owners
yeah that's gonna that's gonna be a hard
one to though because the second you
eliminate that you're gonna have a lot
of lower class and even middle class
people that are going to find themselves
in a pickle so it's but like you said
sell your house yeah well you have to be
really careful on that like now from
economically I agree in more layer
degree but like rhetorically that sounds
really bad right like just leave the
community that you've been in
something that just sparked in my mind
and they know that because I like
processing out loud so hear from my
brain right now is the idea that maybe
the city once we eliminate prop 13 or
the city or the county or the country
says we're gonna pay you twice the
market value on your home though so
therefore you can actually say you're
gonna have a little bit of a little bit
of a mess egg right you're gonna be able
to you know find a nice place even if
you want to rent for a year waiting for
another place yeah like to open up that
you can purchase you could I think
people would be very willing to be like
whoa like my house is valued at $800,000
you're gonna pay me double that sure
sold right and I think it would even
benefit I think even like fiscally it
would be beneficial because you bulldoze
it you move in like 2,000 people who
would ever base it you know exactly so
so I think that's that you just you just
spark this in my mind I think that would
be a great idea of being able to say
look we're gonna eliminate prop 13 if it
affects you negatively and you can no
longer afford your home
the government will compensate you at
least maybe one maybe two times or 1.5
times the value of your home and then
that way you can get back on your feet
so you don't go homeless right because
that would be the worst thing right if
people were just like I can't afford my
home and then also and they sell it and
then for a rush sell and then they
didn't get the value that they actually
deserve for the home and now they're on
the street right that's that's the worst
case scenario so I think if we did that
and then and then what whenever a
company or whenever the government buys
a home that way that it is immediately
circled for for like zoning rezoning
right where it's like okay this this
area this neighborhood this block we
want to purchase from the homeowners
they're gonna save a mint on taxes and
they're gonna make a ton of money and
actually get the liquid asset value of
what that property is worth because like
you said like people are just sitting on
these assets and it's not doing anything
for anybody right they're just you know
so if that person gets a large amount of
money from the government what is that
person gonna do they're gonna reinvest
it in the economy right so so it's not
like the money's gonna go anywhere right
it's not like it's gonna go into the
bank accounts of these people for them
forever to shut it down that may be the
case but in the end of the day those
people those
whose working class people are going to
be able to put that money back into
their communities in a very good way
yeah and it also be great for the
housing market as well because then it
just becomes a buyers market yeah right
because so many people are selling yeah
so that that's also a good thing that
will drive down house cost there are no
people coming in but upsetting to the
people to live here it's such a messy
it's it's messy and that's what that's
what the housing is and and you know and
I and I think you you said it best when
it would you know we're looking at these
people that are living in these houses
for generation generation generation and
really they're not upset that they're
moving they're just upset that the plan
is messed up like their plan of what
they were trying to do for their
grandkid isn't gonna be the same but put
it in a college fund or put it put it
into their next downpayment of another
house like they're young they don't need
to have the giant mansion that your
family's father father's got for you
like you know that that's what I mean
like I think that it ultimately at the
end of the day like the young people
that are going to be getting assets from
those homes are gonna be able to get
liquid money assets and live where the
hell they want like why do we want to
live in these communities anyway like
young people don't want to go in and
just live in all these really older
communities like we want them being able
to live work hit we want to live what we
can walk to a brewery we want to you
know that's what we want so so you know
I I just think that we can change the
the the mindset of the American people
what housing looks like if we were to
produce some type of form like this but
no I like this discussion yeah what's
going on to that have you traveled
internationally before yes I have all
okay where this was right into the next
topic so my mind every time I go to
Europe it blows my mind how any little
dinky European city I go in I don't need
a car to go anywhere yeah I was in
London a month ago and there were two
things that I could not believe there
were two into the same coin one oh my
god there are so many people that are
walking on the street it comparable to
New York City it's crazy how much foot
traffic there is but the crazy part
about it was that the streets were like
not that congested okay because the
public transit the public transport is
so crazy in London that they're all
upset like when their bus that comes
every ten minutes is like four or five
minutes late
and it actually like upsets them when
the tube is like two or three minutes
later in America if you miss your bus in
most communities I've been and you're
out for like two hours like yeah it's
like crazy how LA has the worst traffic
of the world
bye-bye most metrics that I've seen not
because the traffic is bad but because
there are no alternatives
right how what do you do well we need to
invest in transit like mass transit you
know we need to actually start putting
things into rail we need to stop putting
more cars on the road and and you know
this harkens back I don't know if you
know the history of like California
freeway systems but before before like
the federal freeway Commission came into
really existence there was a lot of
public transit in these areas there was
rail there was all of these things but
what they did is instead of you know
expanding on the rail and putting in a
road they were like let's just put the
road over the rail like you know this is
a great this is a great corridor let's
just make it a car corridor and it kind
of like created California to be this
freeway type of city structure state
structure that is there like 30 anytime
I Drive so I live in Glendale if I want
to go from Glendale to like Santa Monica
or Beverly hey there's like four or five
different freeways though like I think
the 134 there's like the Glendale
freeway there's the five there's the
tenth like there and there's all these
like hopping up yeah it's really really
weird how many different interstates and
freeways I hop between when I go
somewhere it's like Jesus so if you were
to think like if those were actual train
rail lines like if they were actually
like you know above ground or below
ground subject-area nubert subterranean
you know rail like that went under those
freeways like think about how efficient
that would be right like you would just
go in from one road to another to
another to another and then you'd be
able to go through the heart of LA very
quickly yeah so so what we have to do is
we have to actually have the courage to
actually expand our local transit
systems and add more rail we need to add
more public busing we need to we need to
expand those type of things so whenever
we build a development for example the
part of the development cost needs to be
how are we gonna mass transit these
people from one a to point A to point B
so so that needs to be a part of the
master
plan of how we're gonna be doing it and
it's gonna be plans that we need to set
in place that are gonna take ten years
to do right like you know and actually
create the skeleton like there there are
so many plans for San Diego for example
we also have the same issue where we
have very miserable public transit there
is we really isn't an alternative other
than the trolley line but the trolley
doesn't lead doesn't go to every corner
of the district or the account not the
district but every corner of the county
so so it's it's it's wildly insufficient
so what we need to do is we need to
underground and actually creates of the
term subterranean rail we have the
equipment we have the the the the need
to actually start doing this and you
know like you invite I don't know if you
know about like tunnel building
technology now but you know like what
did the English Channel for example and
dug underneath that we can put a machine
that goes in and just digs giant tunnels
underneath our Road are not our roads
but underneath our city very effectively
very easily so it's not like we don't
have the technology to do it it's just
that we don't have the the will and
Taxation that's necessary to type do
this type of stuff because people don't
want to get out of the cars and that and
that and that is that problem but I know
and I've seen it when you start putting
in high transit corridor areas people
start taking it I know because like I
live in a very transportation friendly
area right now in San Diego which is
like in the heart of central San Diego
my son hates cuttings in the car he
wants to go on the trolley 100 percent
of time he wants to get on a bus a
hundred percent of the time and you know
and it's really and has really informed
us unlike what the future can be yeah I
lived I was in Warsaw for three months
and I could get it from any point of
that city to any other more or less like
you even at night like using like the
buses and using the trams or whatever
and then in some places like I think in
Seattle I think they've either banned or
made it hard to park in a lot of
downtown areas so it's like if you do
Drive it's like really hard to find
parking so you're better off just
taxiing or finding other ways to do it
and we're doing that here in Zanu and
one a north park here in
it is we are actually removing the
parking spaces from 30th Street which is
one of the hippest areas of San Diego
and the people around there are very
upset because there's like I want to
park and drive to 30th and the people in
the neighborhoods are just like no this
is great like we can walk and we can
bike - to that area and we're not to
worry about the cars drive it because
you park all those cars in your
lightforce the water bike ride on the
street right so so what people want is
they want to create a bike friendly area
and then and what's interesting is the
shop owners kind of want it to because
pedestrians actually walk slower than a
car zooming by the road so like a
bicyclist or a walker sees a business ad
in a window and they're like oh I'm
never eating at this restaurant I'm
gonna walk in and stop in and say say
hello and figure out what's what's going
on here so so there is there's a lot of
really community benefit to eliminating
a lot of these cars as well in these
parking spaces so people can might get
used to it it's like oh you you're gonna
have to lift to 30th or oh you're gonna
have to take trolley line and take the
bus there right like that's cool to me I
like that you know and maybe maybe
because I'm close to it just zip up on
my bike and go up there but I like it
it's safer I can actually like take my
kid on a bike ride to 30th right that's
safe now like that that's something that
I like right yeah and I think a lot of
residents do as well only the only
people who don't are those older
affluent white people that just want to
drive from their house to 30th rather
than just getting them off and walking
to that area yeah you know okay so this
is kind of related to what you did
earlier I'm super curious on this
Democrats historically it seems don't
for whatever reason don't like nuclear
energy you were a nuclear operator on a
carrier I feel like you might have other
opinions here or do you agree what do
you think about nuclear energy as a
proposed alternative energy yeah so you
asked me this 10 years ago I would have
been like yeah nuclear power is the way
to go it's the way you charge and power
things at night on your way however
however green technology has gotten so
good we have battery charging technology
now we have you know so many effective
windmills we have effective solar panels
we look at what happened in Germany is a
big example right in Germany they were
building out power plants like crazy
nuclear power plants like crazy and now
they because they also in conjunction
with that plan also did a massive solar
panel project on top of all public
spaces and private buildings that that
it basically overtook the the nuclear
power strategy because implements are
expensive they create waste they are
they are come there they can be very
detrimental to society if they were to
have an accident now I'm going to tell
you as a reactor operator the accident
nuclear reactor accidents are very very
rare and and and not common if they're
done correctly yeah like even the
horrible accidents if we compare the
death toll of like something like
Fukushima with like how many oil and
other like types of environmental
disasters happen as a result of the
fossil fuels we do it pales in
comparison it does it's just it's just
that dying from a nuclear accident is so
brutal like you know you're gonna just
get tons of cancers and things like that
so so it's like it's like you see the
slow death of people and people get
freaking terrified it's like dying in a
fire people don't want to see a bunch of
people dying fire right so it's like you
know somebody getting a carcinogen ten
years later from an oil spill is kind of
unns it's like a silent killer right you
know what I mean rather than then what
is happening at these new power plants
so there is like legitimate fear there
but you are right that our coal plants
are creating more asthma and more death
of children than our power plants down
the road right so so I do believe that
we can use green energies to power our
society
I would not agreed with that ten years
ago I think technology is catching up
and we have the ability to make
everything clean power nuclear power is
something that we can use I don't know
if vehicles are the best way to do that
not like personal vehicles but like
ships and things of that nature are are
maybe something we can we can continue
to use because right now I don't see any
electric power plants right now so as
far as like like let's say you know a
ship that is run on green energy now
there are some there are some
technologies that are starting to create
that we're like there's wind wind
turbines on top of ships that will power
the power plants and their need which
are pretty cool so I think we can even
revamp those type of things but I think
I will say nuclear power can be safe can
be done well and can be done effectively
but I think we don't need to be spending
that investment on the money that is
required because these power plants are
extremely expensive because of all the
safety precautions that lead all of this
I mean just think you can like comment
sensibly I know that these things are
expensive yeah I think the biggest the
biggest benefit like I know that we talk
about batteries and we have made
improvements but it's it's not there yet
for forgetting to like and the biggest
problem with like wind and solar is the
unreliability of like what kind of power
you'll get out of them like if it's not
too especially wind it's like very
susceptible to different weather
patterns it's like oh well right it's no
electricity today um it seems like I
mean I'm a fan of like having that
strong backup like with nuclear I would
say you can spin it up or down based on
the demand that you need to meet on the
grid and everything which is nice right
right well you know like the wind the
wind like we when you say oh we can't we
don't get power when the wind is blowing
if we have and this shows where we have
the ability to charge battery banks and
when it's time goes off and there was
also wind turbines that also have
natural gas batteries I don't know if
you know about that is aware like you
know they actually have natural gas
flips on when you need it and then
natural gas is it's still a fossil
fossil but but but it is a little bit
cleaner and I think like if we are let's
say we have a windmill farm right and
let's say that 80 90 percent of the time
there's enough wind and to charge up the
battery banks but for 10 percent of the
time we have to throw on the natural gas
battery it's still much much better than
having to pay for the waste disposal the
nuclear power plant and you know because
the way
disposal stuff we're still dealing with
that now I mean you know we have spent
fuel rods all over the country that are
highly secure and not so highly secure
right that people can go in and just
take it and and and do whatever they can
right with with with the dirty bombs
that they are and there is no viable
solution yet to actually dispose of it I
think the most viable solution that I've
actually have seen now is we were
talking about technology about drilling
holes well one of them is that you just
drill a hole about a mile deep into the
earth and you just jump the waste into
it and canisters and then you just bury
it and you never have to worry about it
again
at least yeah because the world the
earth it's so so deep into the earth
that we won't really have to play with
it and it's so deep that it doesn't have
any radioactive effects so so so that is
probably the best way to dispose of it
but it's still it's still something that
I I don't like the idea of having spent
fuel rods and and highly contaminated
waste container waste that has a
potential to contaminate deeply just
just out out and about you know and then
you know we live in a world and you know
I just I just I just don't like that
concept and it's super expensive right
so so that's something that I think best
well is like the post and the post hoc
of a reactor so for example San Onofre
right down the road from here up to five
they they that plan to shut down like it
broke it's no longer it's no longer able
to be used but they're still having the
fight over you know for almost a decade
now five years now well maybe over a
decade a little bit close to a decade
we've been having the arguments of like
what are you doing with the fuel rods we
wouldn't how are you gonna shut this
down like you know and this is right on
the coast you know they actually buried
the the spit fuel rods on the beach
right next to the water right when we
have sea level rise coming you know so
those so there is there is that as well
with you know once these things don't
even produce power we're still paying
the bill
you know the PG&E you know the cost the
San Onofre is going straight into the
cost of the people who pay their for
their for their electricity and gas and
it's just getting pushed to the
ratepayer
and and and we're not getting any
benefit from so that's something now I
will say like it just has kind of like
little defenses of nuclear like even
though there is trouble dealing with
like the storage of of the nuclear waste
right now it is a problem that could
theoretically be solved right like
Congress is really slowly moving a lot
of this because nobody wants to grant a
place to store stuff and also it's very
you know obviously things like solar and
wind are very green and very profitable
but then when you point out the idea
that it's harder to scale these on
demand people bring up the batteries but
once you start bringing up batteries
your cost per kilowatt hour and and your
overall like maintenance fees and
everything start to increase
significantly like running a solar panel
is one thing running a solar panel
connected to a grid of batteries that
not only is there a lot of pollution
involved in the manufacturing of said
memories there's also a whole bunch of
maintenance cost upgrade costs you know
technology that has to be continually
approved upon like I think we've had
nuclear reactors have been running for
30 or 40 or 50 years or whatever I
imagine as bad yeah as batteries get
improved like that's gonna be an
additional maintenance cost any types of
breaks down like I do I like the idea of
solar and wind obviously I really hope
you get solar board well Germany
Germany's did it right like like you
know and and sunny and cloudy is it
really a sunny place right though so so
the the results do exist like Costa Rica
for example is also like 100 percent
renewable well severe as well also like
even though journey might have tried it
and they don't do it as much I think
they rely mainly on coal now I think
France is a country that I want to say
it's like sixty percent of its power I
think from nuclear maybe even more like
France cuz it's an amount of stuff but
they actually they actually export
electricity sometimes the other country
that's the main yeah yeah exactly so so
so so there is like I said they're like
nuclear power can be done safely
it can do P it could be very effective
it's just that I think that we need to
spend our resources to develop that
technologies that you're talking about
and yeah they're gonna be expensive to
develop but once we get on the groove of
things like I think that it's just gonna
be business as usual for for this this
is just however society gets his power
down yeah you know what I mean and I
think there's gonna be a mind shift on
that eventually
so this is something that that's kind of
related to this this is a very hard one
so the Los Angeles Department of Water
and Power well before this actually
sometimes you run into conflicts as a
progressive you want to support things
like alternative energies things like
the green new deal etc but you also want
to support like strong unions and labor
unions to be able negotiate things yeah
you know I'm going so like a Los Angeles
was actually sitting on a contract for
an insane solar power farm but the the
LADWP is obviously not happy with it
because they have a lot of jobs that are
roped into some of the fossil fuel
plants that are still running here how
do you reconcile in our current society
and the current state we're in how do
you reconcile the competing interests
here between like your green policies
versus labor unions that are
representing workers that still work at
some of these older plants that have
jobs related to these older plants that
are gonna be compromised with with new
things being brought online yeah it's
funny I actually got in a pretty heated
discussion with the afl-cio here in San
Diego there another big one that pushes
against off the green to do that yeah
and because the theory I was doing their
labor was training inside of a roomful
of other candidates across the county
that were in there so so they brought up
a slide they were talking about oh we
believe in the green new deal and all
this type of stuff so I raised my hand
right because I'm the progressive in the
room and I'm like I asked them I see
that you care about the environment
you're talking about the green room deal
but I I know that the building trades in
particular are very against projects
that increase a lot of green energy and
we we build instead of building you know
clean energy we start building energy
that is dirty or we spill buildings that
are dirty and and the the person is like
well we got to be able to balance jobs
with with with the the technology and
that's usually their argument and I push
back and I said well can't we do both
like like why can't we create labor jobs
in those solar that solar plant
because the the fact that matter is it's
gonna take time to build it so all the
construction workers and all the people
that take that do that type of work are
gonna build it you're gonna have a lot
of electrical journeyman and all those
people that are gonna need to wire all
of it and maintain the power line so
that's going to create stable work for a
long time for more electrical workers
you're gonna need you're gonna need to
do maintenance and all of these things
so we have the ability to retrain and
repurpose these these these people to do
this to work so for example I was
formally trained on a reactor a reactor
plant right so I know how to boil water
with with uranium right like that that's
what it is basic as possible but that
that boiling of the water is the thing
that happens I just happen to do with
uranium like if I chose to burn it with
coal or boil it with solar or boil it
with whatever whatever way that it needs
to do to create that steam plant I know
the basics of a steam plant like I'm
gonna know how to make sure that that
generator is spinning so that generator
can produce electricity at certain
amount of voltage so make sure that's
that it's then distributed to all of the
power structure the power needs for ship
services or homes or whatever whatever
you're doing right and in the power
plant so so generating electricity is a
very basic skill set I mean it's not
like basic as it anybody can do it but
once you know the knowledge and have the
level college run power plant you're
gonna be able to run a power plant
pretty much anywhere you're just gonna
have to learn the difference on how
you're generating energy right so so we
have the ability to retrain needs union
workers to actually retool their their
their skill set to be more green energy
conscious so so there's a lot of
short-term thinking when it comes to
labor unions it I understand why because
if you think about it you have you they
have you know they have laborers that
are waiting to work at all times right
they're always trying to reassign
laborers to go work over here or go work
over here go work over here so when when
a labor union say like the building
trades or you know go and they get a
they solidify a contract that will make
sure this many jobs are being done it
doesn't matter
it's jobs for a week it doesn't matter
if it's you know for a short period of
time they're always going to go with
that job that produces the most amount
of work even if it's for a short time
just so they can say hey look we are
getting you a job our labor union is
being successful at what it does and
they're more care more about the
reputation of being able to get more
workers to work rather than the long
term workers that are going to be
working on these on these projects for
the long term so so I think that the
labor unions can be a little
short-sighted sometimes especially when
it comes to green energy technology but
I think that it's not a zero-sum game I
don't think that if you build a solar
farm
you're gonna immediately lay off all the
people who work at the other plant like
you're gonna be able to like say hey
let's go talk to those people and see if
they want to learn a new skill or new
tray pay them to learn that new skills
learn that new trade right like let's
let's build in a you know labor fallout
cost where it's like oh all these people
that lose their jobs we'll give them a
short like you know four month pension
to pay by for the city to to make sure
that they don't fall into tough times so
they can concede they feed their family
and then allow them to find new work
right even if it's up to a year because
if the city is making a decision that is
going to affect laborers there's no
reason the city can't brace for that
impact right and make sure that they can
help those workers from not falling into
poverty and ultimately hurting
themselves right and that and then
that's that's kind of the way I look at
it I think we can do folks yeah okay
the I have this written down as a final
question this is a really a popular
thing I don't know if you've heard about
this have you heard anything about like
the state of funding of the IRS huh yes
I have heard about it I'm only bringing
this up because I know like Warren has
proposed a wealth tax Bernie's proposed
the FTT
I'm but I'm kind of aware of like the
state of the IRS in general is pretty
bad right now and obviously nobody wants
to support it because right wants to be
the guy that's like we need to we need
to fund the IRS
so so studies show like for for what we
fund for the IRS we get much money back
well I mean more money back than than
what we put into it the IRS is just
doing its job to basically provide
services for the American people so they
can you know talk to somebody about what
if their taxes are due and they have an
issue with them or all of these things
like you you if you defund the IRS it
allows people to evade taxes like
actually a taxes right and and not and
not and so we're losing money from
people evading taxes because we have no
ability to police because we've
underfunded it so much I do believe that
we need to bring like it's very simple
so look at look at it this way you go to
the director of the IRS right the person
who's in charge of the IRS they could
probably tell you by the dollar how much
money they mean to operate at a hundred
percent efficiency all we got to do is
Congress is to take that recommendation
and approve it and whatever you send
them for money they'll more than make up
for it there's like a lots of dollars
that exist right now in tax revenue that
they just don't have the resources to go
after in collect yeah you know so so so
what we need to do is say in and it's
just a simple balance sheet right you
could just say all right director of IRS
how much money do you need this much
okay if we gave you this much money how
much money would that produce oh we'll
produce billions Oh
it looks like if we just give the IRS a
couple billion dollars and they're gonna
give us a couple hundred back in return
that sounds like an easy fiscally you
know responsible thing to do so I think
if we made that argument to the American
people I think they would feel much more
confident about it because I think that
people think that if we defund the IRS
then your taxes are gonna go down that's
not how it works we need to re-educate
people to let them know that government
agencies provide a service and a job for
us and if we under fund them they don't
do the job for us yeah so so so it's
just basic government whole functioning
it's like political science 101 right of
you know or 102 I guess would be more
effective but
but you know just making sure that if
you have a government agency make it
effective because if you don't if you
don't have effective government agencies
it just continues the stoke up distrust
of government taxation to fund agencies
and that's the whole purpose that's why
the Republicans have been fighting
against the IRS for decades now
defunding it every year and and the
reason they're doing that is because
they can say oh look look how terrible
the IRS it
let's defund it more right and and and
and that is that is a very short-sighted
way of thinking and we just need to
bring education to to the American
people sure and let know that it's
controversial but it's simple yeah okay
um I I guess maybe it's like a final
like a main question yeah because I'm
super curious actually some news just
got released it's like 20 minutes ago oh
well apparently William Taylor the envoy
to Ukraine testified that Trump tied
Ukraine aid to politically motivated
investigation so basically there was a
quid pro quo do you see this um do you
see this playing out at all or do you
have any strong opinions on like what's
gonna happen well I've had I've had
strong opinions about the impeachment
inquiry three years now like for a year
I guess since my campaign because I
think that what he's doing with the
emolument squaws of allowing people to
come in I think they just forgot about
that I know right
yeah I don't know like even Mick
Mulvaney said publicly it's like I know
we're breaking constitutional law what
are you gonna do about it right like you
they they they know that right yeah so
so when you look at these quid pro quos
and you look at all this stuff the the
the strength of these arguments are only
as strong as the backbones of the
democrats who are in charge of the house
right now and and you know right now
slam dunk like you know now with this
news it's just more verifiable evidence
to the fact that Trump admitted it
himself that he committed a complete
crime against this country right like
it's it's so so clear now if I was in
Congress I would be one of those people
as like it's our constitutional duty to
hold Trump accountable and then I would
have been saying this for a long time
already and and for me it's like why
can't we just let the governmental
powers that exist in our country that
isn't
to us by the Constitution that we just
hold him accountable and just put him on
trial it's very simple right and then we
can have a vote on it and get it over
now do I believe that the removal Trump
is gonna solve all our problems no no
the Trump is just the symptom em yeah
much larger deeper problem and a lot of
that is the corruption of the party
system Republican and Democrat right
that has allowed this this this
continual establishment wheel to keep
flying right so so do we need to impeach
Trump yes because it's a it's a it's a
moral imperative to our Constitution and
the strength of our Constitution because
if we are not using constitutional tools
that are given to us then what's the
point of even following it in the first
place so so me I look at it as more of a
moral imperative as far as if I look at
it like at the political strategist
level will an impeachment of Trump help
our voter base yeah I think it would I
think people would be more excited to
know that wow the Democrats are actually
doing something Wow give them an
applause like let's fight right I think
that that's gonna generate a lot of more
motivation for Democrats and if we just
sit back and do nothing
I think American people are gonna be
like it doesn't matter who we look at an
office they're gonna support him
regardless what happened you know
because the the everyday that Nancy
Pelosi drags her feet is another day
that she's disappointing the American
people sure I hope we don't have another
that that Moeller testimony was all
really bad I hope we don't do a repeat
of that closer to an election season
because oh god and and that's that's the
problem it's like you know we could have
dealt with this two years ago like you
know and and now now done is because
we've dragged her feet for so long now
it's getting closer and closer to
election cycle I mean the primary is a
little over four months away from here
in the state of California right March
3rd so so and we're now starting to be
like oh let's do the impeachment because
that's really frustrating for me as a
candidate because everybody at the door
is gonna ask me about impeachment right
and and and rather than talking about
the
shoes but because our leadership decided
to drag their feet now they made it like
the worst possible time and and I don't
like that I don't like that but again my
my love for the Constitution and our
moral obligation and our fiduciary
agreement as members of Congress we have
to do the job we have to do what it says
we have to do sure okay yeah all right
do you want to leave any strong messages
or anything yeah absolutely well you
know thank you for thank you for your
time Stephen I really really appreciate
it love talking to your audience and you
know I want everybody to go to my
website Jose for Congress dot and and
take a look and if you like what we have
to say donate you know because I'll tell
you right now the establishment forces
are pushing really hard down on us right
now and and the the the billionaire is
the one that can just write herself a
check for five million dollars she
thinks she can just buy this seat and
one of the things that people in in this
district are saying the most is oh but
say it's not viable he can't raise
enough money and that is such a BS
argument because I'm still walking I'm
still talking to people like yourself
I'm still going out there into the
community and making a difference and
that's why my name recognition is so
high so so we're gonna continue the
fight this campaign but the the
difference is every dollar that you
donate to our campaign goes to the
doorstep so so it costs us because of my
consulting company I don't have to pay a
consultant like myself to do the work I
can actually knock one door for one
dollar that's how powerful it is like
not just me but my campaign and that's a
$15 an hour paid worker t-shirt door
hanger and or yard sign so what we are
able to accomplish is much more powerful
at the grassroots and all we need is a
small amount of money right a small
amount of money so if everybody here
were to give me like five bucks right
then that would be incredible I would
actually be able to take this message to
the doorstep more effectively and scare
the hell out of the establishment right
because that's what we need to do we
need to let these people know that just
because you were elected to a City
Council seat at some point doesn't make
you a man automatically qualified to run
this seat too
to be in the seat just because you're a
billionairess that worked for the
Hillary Hillary campaign and Hillary you
know stuff does not mean that you are
ready to run this seat so so we have to
stand up and say we are gonna run
because it's our it's a right to run
because we cannot be intimidated and I'm
unbossed and on bought right I've had
people come up to me all the time but
not all the time I've had two people
come up to me and tell me to run in the
district that the council president is
leaving and and I felt dirty afterwards
because they were saying oh she will
endorse you if you do it and for me I'm
just like that's disgusting like what is
this is this like musical chairs no this
is this is something that matters and if
we actually want to have real people
that are gonna hold these people
accountable then we need to make sure
that we support candidates like myself
that are going to be going to Congress
with a clear and intention clear goal an
intention to actually fight for our
values rather than the billionaire class
and rather than the establishment class
because the establishment class got us
where we are and the billionaires are
trying to make it worse and that's what
we have to fight and stand up for and
this is a 3-way race so so if you know
there's 12 people we're running now it's
freaking insane but it will be going to
talk to Democrats so if you want to see
me in the top two you got we got it we
got to start ponying up we got to start
giving and and because I can't do my job
effectively without the support from
from from people like your audience
right because this is our base this is
our base this is who we're talking to to
take the time to speak with you Stephen
it's like something that a progressive
would do right like this isn't something
you're not gonna get Sarah Jacobs you're
not gonna get georgette to know for sure
but anyways but anyways but what I mean
is there they're gonna too afraid to
talk to you that's what I mean you know
what I mean I think I would love to see
it happen because I would love to see
you rip her apart but but that's where
I'm at so so I really appreciate it I'm
gonna politic progressive that's
fighting for for veteran rights and
we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna stop
all the wars we didn't even get to talk
about that because I want to stop all
the wars as well because endless wars
are killing us
but but yeah so that's that's that's
that's my little pitch okay cool
well hey hope we'll probably get to talk
again in the future at some point yeah
let's do it let's the I'm always happy
to do it if you have some controversial
issue that you want to talk about you
know I'm more than willing to just come
up set up and then and do this with you
okay cool well hey thanks a lot I really
appreciate it I got your Twitter to be
linked yeah thanks a lot all right and
the website right yeah a website awesome
all right thank you so much have a great
you yeah you too you can choose like a
really important domestic issue do you
think there's like an important to
message that we don't talk about enough
like in in our in our national political
discourse is there some
