sometimes I worry about my heart when I
workout while I'm on medication because
while I'm on it my heart rate increases
fairly easily it's called the Vance
so for heart conditions dude don't worry
about any of that [ __ ] do just push
yourself as hard as you can no I'm just
kidding all the research shows links
between running and osteoarthritis
people think that running wears out the
cartilage in your knees but I think most
physicians it's not attributed running
it's not while you're running with
injury or running with bad form or being
overweight sure we also had a lot more
free time but I guess we spend
everything I'm doing things I've done
this sitting yeah sitting is supposedly
really really bad for you I need to
research this more I'm uncomfortable
repeating this without like actually
looking it up but like I've heard that
like sitting is about as bad as smoking
that it's like a really really really
negative thing that we need to worry
about but running on concrete is
probably worse than anything else maybe
I would guess that the worst thing is
probably it's probably better to run on
concrete than a run to then running on
concrete on bare feet it's probably
better than running on dirt with shoes
though I think the shoes like really
[ __ ] with our ability to run well I
there I've read that a lot of place and
it kind of makes sense what part of your
body doesn't harm well it's just it like
we're we're so active as like a creature
like way so like we've evolved in an
environment where we're constantly
moving constantly active constantly out
and about and doing things and just the
idea of like just sitting in one place
for 10 hours I don't think is very very
healthy right I can any1 pretty bad
result pulmonary embolism sitting for
too long can cause blood clots isn't it
pulmonary embolisms are different than
DVT are isn't it or is DBT a type of
pulmonary embolism oh wait or as
pulmonary embolism that's just a name
for when a clot reaches your heart right
or is that oh no to the lungs to the
lungs others through these parts so this
is like sorry the posture of setting
itself probably isn't worse than any
other type of daytime physical
inactivity like lying on the couch
watching Wheel of Fortune but for most
of us when we're waking up moving we're
sitting this is your body on chairs
electoral activity and the muscles drops
the muscles go was silent as those of a
dead horse hamilton says leading to a
cascade of harmful metabolic effects or
calorie burning rate immediately plunges
to about 1
a third of what it would be if you got
up and walked insulin effectiveness
drops within a single day and the risk
of developing type 2 diabetes Rises so
does the risk of being obese the enzyme
research was responsible for breaking
down lipids and triglycerides for vacuum
if out of the bloodstream as Hamilton
puts it plunges which in turn causes the
level of good cholesterol to fall
Hamilton's most recent work has examined
how rapidly inactivity can cause harm
and studies have rats who are voice to
be inactive for example he discovered
that the leg muscles responsible for
standing almost immediately lost more
than 75 percent of their ability to
remove harmful lipoproteins from the
blood to show that the ill effects of
sitting could have a rapid onset in
humans to Hamilton recruited 14 young
fit and thin volunteers and recorded a
40 percent reduction in insulins ability
to uptake glucose and the subjects after
24 hours of being sedentary over a
lifetime the unhealthful effects sitting
at up
ALPA pat alba patel paddle patel an
epidemiologist at the american cancer
society tracked the health of 123
thousand americans between 1992 and 2006
the men in the study who spent six hours
or more per day at their leisure time
sitting had an overall death rate that
was about 20% higher than the men who
sat for three hours or less the death
rate for women who sat for more than six
hours a day was about 40% higher patel
estimates that on average people who sit
to much shave a few years off their
lives
another study pop i'm gonna I hope they
controlled for confounds here I'm I'm
kind of hope so but I'm not interested
but another study published last year in
the Journal of circulation looked at
nearly 9,000 Australians and found that
for an additional hour of television a
person sat and watched per day the risk
of dying rose by 11 percent the study
author David Dunstan wanted to analyze
whether the people who sat watching
television had other unhealthful
on healthful habits that caused them to
die sooner but after crunching the
numbers he reported that age sex
education smoking hypertension waist
circumference BMI glucose tolerance
status and leisure time exercise did not
significantly modify the associations
between television viewing and all cause
mortality so this goes into saying that
like just the idea of seating for huge
periods of time can take a toll on your
health sitting it would seem is an
independent pathology being sedentary
for nine hours a day at the office is
bad for your health whether you go home
and watch television afterwards or hit
the gym it's bad weather you morbidly
obese or marathon
on earth in excessive sitting dr. Levine
says is a lethal activity the good news
is that in activities peril can be
countered working late one night at 3:00
a.m. dr. Levine coined a name for the
concept of ripping major benefits to
thousands of minor movements each day
meat which stands for non-exercise
activity thermogenesis in the world of
neat even the little stuff matters
McCrae Z Mik McCrady Spitzer showed me a
chart that tracked my calorie burning
rate with zigzagging lines like those of
a seismograph what's that I asked
pointing to one of the spikes which
indicated that the red had shot up
that's when you bend over to tie your
shoes she said it took your body more
energy than just sitting still an
emotion tracking study dr. Levine found
that obese subjects averaged only 1,500
daily movements and nearly 600 sitting
minutes in my trial with magic underwear
I came out looking somewhat better 2234
individual movements and 367 sitting are
Mining's minutes sitting but I was still
nowhere near the farmworkers dr. Levine
at studying in Jamaica who averaged
5,000 daily movements and only 300
minutes sitting
dr. Levine knows that we can all be
farmers so instead he's exploring ways
for people to redesign their
environments that they can encourage
more movement we visited a cheerless
first-grade classroom where the students
spent each part of the day crawling
along now it's labeled a vocabulary
words and shared between platforms while
reciting math problems we stopped by a
human resources staffing agency where
many of the employees worked on the move
at treadmill desks a creation of dr.
Levine's later sold by a company called
Steelcase dr. Levine was in a
philosophical mood as we left the temp
agency for all the hard science against
sitting he admits that his campaign
against what he calls the chair based
lifestyle is not limited to simply a
quest for about a physical health his is
a war against inertia itself which he
believes sickens more than just our body
go into cube lane in a tightly
controlled corporate environment and you
immediately sense that there's a malice
malice about being tied behind a
computer screen seated all day he said
the soul of the nation is sapped and now
it's time for the soul of the nation to
rise
I'd imagine this is an issue for those
on the ISS as well oh yeah for sure
things like bone density and whatnot
drop hard core when you spend any amount
of time on the International Space
Station people that come back to earth
have to spend like well I thought it was
weeks but chat coordinators like months
in a wheelchair even with the resistance
training I guess like it's kind of like
if you take like a really complicated
program
and then you try to like [ __ ] I don't
know I'm trying to think of an analogy I
can't think of an analogy listen we have
spent millions and millions and millions
of years doing particular things like
living the hunter-gatherer lifestyle so
the the whole like sitting down for all
day and like doing computer stuff and
all that that's like it's really really
really recent so there could be really
far-reaching negative effects that are
happening that are not immediately
apparent or immediately noticeable just
because we I mean well obviously we
haven't a time at all to adapt and well
we never will have time to adapt in an
evolutionary sense right so like yeah I
don't know um you should it'll be
interesting to see what comes out of
that type of research like how [ __ ]
are we gonna be because of stuff like
that is it bad that I do anything
strenuous with parts of my body my body
shakes a lot and I can't stop it
turb how much do you weigh and how tall
are you because there's two things that
could be going on
time to get my time to flex my house
diagnosis skills
hey I'm 170 pounds and 6 feet tall that
sounds about right
your what would that be like a little
bit on the low end of normal what is
normal BMI oh oh a little bit on the
high end of normal damn okay but still
normal the two things that I know of
personally that causes like shakiness
assuming that you don't you're not like
have like a sugar to fishes in you're
dying of like type 1 diabetes or some
[ __ ]
the so if you don't do anything and
you're okay if you don't do anything and
you're very very very weak if you watch
somebody go to do like a benchpress
right you have you've got there's
there's so much that goes into the
movement of your body holy [ __ ] there's
so much it's so complicated when you go
to push a weight up right if you're
bench pressing you've got I think is it
two primary movers or three primary
movers your pecs
your big boob must
those are the ones that do most of the
pushing I think it's your anterior
deltoids the front of your shoulders
pushes well and then you've got your
triceps which help to extend right so
whenever you do like a lift I don't know
if all three of those kinds of primary
movers I'm pretty sure they do [ __ ]
what's that exercise website hold on
target muscle is gonna be like your big
mover and then synergists are also your
I guess these don't count as primary
movers I don't know if I don't know if
your uh-oh
so anterior delts and then your triceps
I don't know if these count as primary
movers or not
your primary mover might only be your
chest I don't know how did people find
it but basically like you've got those
three big muscles are like are involved
in like actually moving the way right
but so there are two things that happen
as you as you start lifting okay the
first thing that happens is when you
start to move a weight there's two types
of adaptations that occur that allow you
to move weight without being like
[ __ ] shaky as [ __ ] the first thing
that happens is your stabilizers right
you have these things called dynamic
stabilizers and what they help you do is
they help you move the weight like in a
smooth manner right so your biceps which
are used for a pulling right which are
used for this motion your arm also help
you when you're pushing because they
help to stabilize your muscle around the
joint right because because every joint
has a muscle it has muscles that move it
like forward and backwards so having a
stabilizers helps you keep from shaking
and in in that sense so actually like
working out those muscles can can make
your movements around joints more stable
which is good and then the second thing
that happens is that as you move more
weight or as you start moving weight
central nervous system adaptation occurs
right your CNS um adapts as well so that
you're actually capable of moving weight
in like a in a steady manner without
being like a shaky person doing it so if
you're super shaky when you move things
usually like if you train at it for a
little bit and your muscles develop and
then your mind gets a little bit better
at utilizing and recruiting a lot of
your muscle fibers
that'll help and then yeah I think it's
a it's yeah that's the main thing if
you're out but you could also be shaky
because you don't eat at all or because
you have like a [ __ ] sugar problem
and you're dying but yeah I did do some
weight training but I stopped at some
point for a while yeah if you stick with
it you'll stop shaking like the shaking
is gonna be really common when you first
start because your cuz all of your
stabilizers are totally undeveloped and
it's a mind thing to it why
the cns adaptations that occur are
really important as well when it comes
to weightlifting the ability to like
actually recruit all of your muscle
fibers to do a lift is a really big part
that CNS adaptation is a really big part
that's why some exercises are harder
than others and are even more exhausting
to like like things like dead lifting or
squatting are like hugely taxing on your
CNS or it's why I don't know if this is
true or not but some people will say
that like if you're stuck on your bench
that like dead lifting and squatting can
help other exercises that are totally
unrelated because the CNS adaptation and
stressing and everything that occurs can
cause I don't know if that's true or not
oh that might be a little bro science eh
but I've heard people say that that like
if you get stuck on exercises doing like
totally unrelated [ __ ] that's massively
CNS taxing can help you on having stuff
to it but um I don't know this is a
concept known as greasing a groove the
idea you have to actually practice
lifting yeah sure what were your
personal best in your lifts all pathetic
is fun hi I got my deadlift up the two
blades well the next time we start
lifting will go for three plates okay
someday
listen I just the problem is it like I
don't want to start lifting again if I'm
not eating properly you know and I don't
want to start eating properly if I'm not
lifting again because what's the point
so it's like you're stuck in a perpetual
state of being a lazy piece of [ __ ] I
think the CNS adaptations are a big
reason why like if you start working out
and then you stop if you start again
it's easier to rebuild muscle that
you've had before
you'll lose muscle really [ __ ] fast
holy [ __ ] or at least I do I you lose I
lose muscle insanely [ __ ] quick if I
stop working out but but if you start
working out again you can recover older
muscle quicker than building new muscle
if that makes sense
opinions on rock climbing for fitness a
lot of lifters hate rock climbers for
some reason so like in an ideal world
we're into totally subjective [ __ ]
in an ideal world in my opinion
lifting is an accessory activity that
you do to build upon a primary activity
so like now for me personally I would
never do that because I don't do
physical primary activities I would just
lift to lift like when I looked at I
just lifted because I enjoyed lifting
well not because I enjoyed lifting [ __ ]
that because I wanted to get stronger I
look better
but like if you do rock climbing like in
my opinion like that should be like your
primary goal and if you go and you lift
then you lift around rock climbing right
like that's it so like people that do
like football when you lift when you
when you condition for football you go
to the gym to help you with football you
go to the gym right ham ideally you'd
never need to lift weights right you
would just be physically active enough
to not need to um maybe like in a super
ideal world but like I don't know like
the thing is that like lifting can
confer other benefits as well like if
like like here's an example right like
if you can deadlift you know three
plates you might not be picking up 300
pounds of [ __ ] on the daily but if
you've got to carry like an awkwardly
shaped like 200 pound box or like 150
pound desk having a 315 pounds left
gives you like the structure to do that
safely you know and I don't know like I
think like I personally notice a
difference like I think that like just
lifting gives you more of a poof we're
dipping into the brow science a little
bit but like it gives you like a
slightly higher kinesthetic awareness I
think of your body so like if I look
back to how I used to pick things up
before and after learning to deadlift
like I it is cringe-worthy so like today
if I try to pick something up I'll never
hurt my back picking something up
because I know how to pick stuff up now
because because I because I know how to
do dillos right whereas like before I
would do the thing when you lean over
you pick it up and then you have like
the like when your back does this
because you lift it up and you're
letting your whole you're loosening up
everything in your trunk and you're just
letting it hang off your [ __ ] spine
like like that [ __ ] I'm like I'll never
pick something up like that again ever
because I know how to pick [ __ ] up you
know like having a neutral back and
everything that's really important so I
think that like getting involved in
exercises that like at least like big
compound lifts that help you move your
whole body I think is probably important
to some extent and that building up that
muscle in general it makes you a better
more physically capable of doing things
right
you can still pull something even with
perfect form it happens all the time
even to experienced lifters um I mean if
you're warming up properly and you
maintain proper form unless you're like
getting really unless you're like
pushing it
I don't you shouldn't really good you
shouldn't really pull something no if
you're pulling something that sounds
like you're not doing a proper warm-up
I'm not saying I could never happen but
I mean like it seems like that if that's
if that's happening it probably
shouldn't be it happens mostly with
weight you are familiar with so you
don't pay attention too much oh well
sure I mean if you're not if you're just
derping about then you know of course
you can always hurt yourself I think for
you all right boys now watch how this is
done the key is to put it all in your
groin in your back take your legs
totally out of the equation lift with
your lower back in a jerking twisting
motion oh my god call an ambulance where
is the guy that did the video on um what
did he call him like- deadlifts or
something I don't even know what he
called it but where you dead lift with
it behind you to work out your to work
out your outer back I never could tell
if this was a meme or not doesn't even
know what I'm talking about
oh it's the reverse deadlift first is
this a real thing Hillshire
it's called the barbell back squat Oh
barbell hack squat so one interesting
