I talked to the publisher of Kerbal
space program can you guys just tweet
like really nice things at lily I think
Pope walked up to me at the bar and he's
like do you really want me to dive
destiny I do not have an entourage
that's hilarious dude I'm not defending
anyone you [ __ ] are you guys okay can
actually swim this yeah chill for like
one second guys okay calm down
some guy tried to come up with a pizza
topping thing but he got crushed pretty
easily you guys just hear the pizza
topping one
Pizza is like 80 to 90% determined by
its toppings
I'm much more like this sauce okay
you're just
that's okay all right it happens I had
like three League of Legends hands in a
row come and hang out with me they're
like come like in a row they were like I
watched your strengths illegal weapons
we finally meet you yeah really great
show
last season was tracks
know what spoiled it for you then you
know that's good okay do this quite fun
State on social media right
yeah
we'll be Lauren your great mom
we're actually was stopped right now
what are the haircut
I'm really surprised that a species line
is like two people up
like his fans are more like
international or something
they mark it off so wide only so many
people can get in
oh maybe okay
you can just come up there
hey what's up
oh look
what's up
one guy showed up to me straight
what
oh my whoopsie I have mine on Sunday so
you really
well he said
secrets are all over yeah my oldest got
anyone something
you need to work on your signature dude
I don't have a :
this way you do you just go to like a
website
what are they saying NIMH [ __ ] will
who is just loser what a dumb [ __ ] oh I
like the Congress person apparently
these guys had people that saw so I
asked her when she came up because I was
like is it worth it to go on a twitch
stream to like do [ __ ] like this and
they were like yeah actually people in
the district in the California district
said to him that when they they can
approach her like hey I say in Destiny's
in YouTube that was awesome and they
even had a couple people volunteer for
the campaign
dude that's super cute
you want my signature
[Laughter]
can you take a picture of us
sure sure know what's up dude
you talk to us on off-screen not yet no
I don't like to everything willing yeah
hello mr. Stein II would it be possible
for us to get a fat dev on stream bonus
meme Pepe pay I'm not giving you a fat
[ __ ] who's catering I still our destiny
in person where that son of Justin I
don't know that I'm not sure she's been
hanging out with a lot of people I was
in there's much
oh and I've talked to I talked to the
devs I talked to the publisher of Kerbal
space program - I want to get on that I
talked to people that did another like
like a mech strategy game that looked
interesting I base a go to my tell him
I'll give him like a really competitive
rate and I'm hoping I can get in on
advertising that for Razer we talked
about laptops I tried to talk to who
else was here that was doing like a
mouse thing somebody else has like a new
wireless mouse coming up but they said
that you have to do like a total gear
sponsorship and I don't do that [ __ ] I
like a list of people that I have met
with oh I talked to HyperX but they want
like a total gear sponsorship I'm doing
that [ __ ] raise I said I might be able
to swing some stuff without having to
use like a headset we talked to the
Kerbal people I was supposed to look for
Asus but I don't see them here so I
don't know and then I talked to the
people to do something like Mecca
strategy game there just look like
clowns I talked to them yeah okay there
you go
that's what I've done so far oh and West
I've gotten to hang out with them with
West and those are two people that I've
gotten to meet so far that I really like
West is really funny really he's like
the exact same yeah west by the way
oh I haven't gotten to hang out with
Erica as much maybe well today there's
so many people that want to hang out I
don't understand how streamers come here
and like stream like I don't know
there's like so much [ __ ] that I'm doing
and like so much with it has to be off
scream I don't know how people stream
for like eight hours are gonna watch I
guess maybe they just don't like talk to
anybody really business [ __ ] they
actually pay manager to come and do it
did I see try yeah I've seen him come on
can you guys do me a favor okay John
I'll do this right now
well that's not good but like throughout
the day can you guys just tweet like
really nice things at Lilly she got like
super [ __ ] and like the twitch rivals
thing like she got like paired with like
Tyler won and she had like a really
rough game and it's been like pretty
[ __ ] just like every now and then like
throughout the day just like tweet like
hey like I saw you at twitchcon they do
you seem really cool or blah blah blah
right you heard how busy my schedule was
right I waited and I waited thirty
minutes in line at the Starbucks so I
could take her a pink drink for her
meeting agreed today so if you saw her
meet and greet and she had a little pink
Starbucks drink because I got it for
okay don't let anybody tell you
different
all right what's up oh you called us out
no no no no no maybe I don't who is sue
echo sue or whatever him she's really
cool she's really funny
I think she's like I think she's really
funny hella girl laughing well are they
gonna give me my brownies back oh I
talked to a guy to start that process
yes thank the [ __ ] wood kid Miska
blues listen we're up we don't talk
about Miss Catharine America he's really
mad at me everywhere house died and he
took it like really personally that
whole house like hates me no
I think Pope walked up to me at the bar
and he's like do you really want me to
die destiny he's like I would care if
you died what I like 4,000 beers like
instantly
holy [ __ ] wait what do you eat what's up
well maybe I should be streaming this
available I was gonna text to son okay
Steven um yesterday deceiver wanted to
just go and hang out after the whole pot
game and I got chuckling my [ __ ] if you
wanted to hang out after the whole like
Mia [ __ ] but I didn't know if he
imagined he's probably already talking
to Raj so I don't wanna like insert
myself he was a whiny little [ __ ] the
whole time I mean it sounds like you
probably has some level of social
anxiety and like dealing with like real
life interactions it's like really hard
to do okay what like to have social
anxiety and do real life and like people
are trolling you in real life constantly
like that's a really hard situation to
navigate
did you see Mike from Kara hitting a bad
moment
yeah when we showed up yesterday at the
I walked with denims and people oh I
haven't talked to either Westside for
like two or three hours as well wait why
are we saying yikes wait what's
happening oh oh anything I think we're
really cool I'm cool with them
Oh Mike left when Mike heard I was
coming well we like walked outside and I
saw like Izzy and I saw Izzy and Eva and
I guess Mike just like walked past me
and left like really quick and I didn't
even notice but Dan
Parkton was like wait what he's like was
that the Mike and I what do you mean
he's like that Central Committee guy he
just walked by you and didn't say
anything any like left and I was like oh
Mike was talking [ __ ] and denims chat
let's not about your group way talking
[ __ ] about what new denims is supercool
curves when she smiled it's really funny
I think it's good it's about when it
Clipper you're arguing with Mike no nice
aren't you talking to him about about
Bernie at the dinner yeah
the a liberal party sounds cool but [ __ ]
that Destiny's entourage too many bros
first of all when i travel anywhere I
always go alone I do not have an
entourage
that's hilarious dude I am there that is
like wrong on so many different levels
that like almost hurts to hear like when
I went to that political dinner I was
one person in that group I didn't bring
a single friend with me it was Luna that
set the whole thing up like hey what's
up no problem dude
Oh unless he was talking about like the
entourage that I had last night I don't
know but he's like never even talking to
us people before I don't know I can call
him up froze [ __ ] I think that I
think that
I used to have this strategy when I was
a kid where if I didn't know about
something and I wanted to get somebody's
advice on an issue like I try to find
out like a little bit of information so
that I can bring it up in a conversation
and ask them about it and get their
opinion and if they say something wrong
and I don't trust anything they say like
so like I would like read some stuff
about like oil changes are like types of
oil for a car or I take my car into like
an oil shop and then I just asked him a
question or two about should I do this
or this or this and like I would know
the answer to one of the questions and
they answer it wrong like okay I don't
trust anything to tell me I don't know
what you're talking about but like if
you got like the one thing wrong that I
that I know you're incorrect on then I'm
not gonna throw something else right I'd
do [ __ ] like that whale shot yeah well
you get like your car will change like a
tough teaser radicular whatever um
sometimes not having conversations with
real people
sometimes I they say things and it makes
me reconsider almost everything I've
ever heard them say and I wish I could
remember I maybe I should write these
down I usually just keep like mental
notes or like I get an impression and I
feel that impression rather than
remembering specifics but mike has done
it a couple times where he said a few
things that are landish ly stupid like
so stupid that it makes me wonder if he
understands anything he's talking about
where he's regurgitating talking points
and he's did that again he did that
again to me last night when he said what
did he say he said if you don't think
central planning works and you should
definitely be against corporations
because large corporations do a lot of
central planning
and I was like what
it was such an outlandish ly stupid
statement I couldn't believe it
yeah that's not central planning at all
yes I'm not sure that's like really
weird what was his response I mean I
roasted the [ __ ] out of him and then we
stopped talking shortly up to that
yeah I've seen be today alright
yesterday oh I saw Bella get bail a big
hug I think we're okay you see Mike
trying to hook up with bad bunny yeah I
had a girl try to hook up no no I don't
know it was really confusing oh I don't
like to hook I don't like to go after
girls like that towards town like I
usually to have stuff set up in advance
there is like such a competition like it
feels like I'm in like a
post-apocalyptic world where there's
only like a few women left and all the
men are like competing for like the
Queens I don't like to play those games
like when I'm at like an event I don't I
said there's an act like I come on
[ __ ] tinder okay
[ __ ] destiny all right I can talk to
people so should I expect to like try to
like win your attention over like in the
middle of event [ __ ] that [ __ ] I don't
do that [ __ ] okay that's something
that's important as well [ __ ] all right
I think he meant essentially planned in
the sense that the company's controlled
by few people that's great day but
that's not what central planning means
who is getting laid belongs
hey that's my ears are burning buddy did
you want to hang out and I was super
tired last time my phone was that it
didn't want to wander around the city um
we might today I got like four things
pilot will see my you have to debate a
lecture fan is such an embassy an
expense acoustic I can't stand it right
wingers yeah I haven't gotten a chance
to like debate a minute
but like I imagine like once the
primaries are over will shift more back
into the bashing Republicans but what
you think about circa there is really
tall [ __ ]
I'd like watching a stream I kind of
always the same exact way is like maybe
a little tall like 511 like barely above
average in real life he's like six boys
I'm sure holy [ __ ] he's like Nikki's
taller than us son yeah he's really
[ __ ] tall oh my god how can that hot
chubby no it's in the most surprising
thing at which account I don't know of
anything surprises me of these things
anyway I mean what we're gonna hang out
with nem um not much no I I haven't had
time to like hang out much with anybody
not to much hang out with the LSF boys a
part of our person um I don't know I'm
not fan so I'm s pen is really cool but
I'd hang out with train wrecks
maybe chance I mean like we always see
each other and say hi but I don't know
hang out by getting like train wrecks
and probably I spatter like the two that
I would the most well here app seems
okay of just how friends with them
miss Kip seems okay just not really
friends with
poke seems okay just not really present
oh excuse me I would hang out if you
wanted to I don't know what I do but you
gonna scream the two tribals thing yeah
we have to be on our computer
allow me to playing video games so I'm
coming up to those beers to MEA like her
Nutella CREP
I don't know I didn't see it going I
don't know that Simon have you seen
Jacob yet yeah I've seen Jacob what you
talked about with Eva just a lot of
random stuff
amia lied she said you bought her one to
curry favor oh no what the [ __ ] do I
feel sick yet no I don't drink much for
these things I might slug later tonight
I want to but listen the first round of
the FX tournament is so [ __ ] sleeps
two need people who do to say okay
camping a single okay oh yeah do you
mean Arian Foster
oh no I heard he's here I actually will
understand if he's here but I talked to
the guys extreme left so they helped him
set up like a stream and [ __ ] too I
don't know where he's at though I should
tweet at him huh
I don't know if I have time today that
guy is like we're so cool you see the
top comment on the peak a podcast
what was it oh I think I think that
podcast went really really really well
even a dick subreddit they seem to like
me a lot there I was kind of thing oh
[ __ ] yeah don't bring up the PKA podcast
- Aryan good call can we get destiny
this schedule is on fire yeah I ever
think I would want to do with that the
problem is it like for a lot of the
topics there's just not really much to
say like if like so if we rattle off
like if tracks rattles off like like Oh
like Nintendo just announced that
they're gonna release I can add on to
the Wii U like mobile unit for Mario
super galaxy world like okay
I don't know what I'm supposed to say
about that and there's like a lot of
like that like Oh III just announced oh
they're gonna yeah what's up like III
just announced that they're gonna do
like blah blah blah I was like okay it
was like I have nothing to say but I
guess like that's partially on me like I
could vet topic so we could bet topics
like before the show that comment you
made about Woody's bike early on the PKA
podcast was a little like sitting well I
mean who's suffered it's I think took my
side like really hard they had like it
200 comments write a key about that
comment so have you told the printer
strategy before I don't think I have
that was a long time ago
[ __ ] I wonder how old I was when Kyle's
getting out of prison pretty soon
emotion why didn't you say anything when
woody had como throwing kids a joke
because I've everything single
conversation is under debate they can
choose your battles I think I came out I
think I left like a really really good
impression on that show I'm happy with
our everything well many time did you
miss Chenery even by mistake yes but it
wasn't I was talking to them directly
I didn't do it also and I watched blink
182 last night stop Ling in this Android
18 picture it was Vidal not Android 18
how'd you feel about the screenshots
that came out up to the Emmy a trend
stuff I don't do all the online [ __ ] is
like so irritating to me
I don't think Emmy ever called her a
[ __ ] so like here's the problem okay
an mes story
Amyas story is that she never said
anything transphobic whatsoever - I'm
not defending anyone you [ __ ] hold on
actually that's good so here's so mes
story is basically that um she didn't
say anything transphobic whatsoever to
the girl until like with after she knew
she was trans right she didn't say
anything transphobic to her the other
girl says MEA full-on called her like a
Chanel and like when ultra-hard into the
transphobic comments like for no reason
I remember right so these are like the
two sides of the story that are both
being presented it seems like what what
so like what hives together based on
what Mei said and based on what the
other girl was able to produce with
receipts which wasn't as impressive as
she should have like for instance like
Gmail that's something you screenshot I
know I may didn't call Ishmael who
should have a screenshot of it but like
what sounds like happen is any any other
girl got into some drama or some stupid
[ __ ] and the other girl started making
fun of how a me it looks like oh like
what's up with your teeth blah blah blah
and then mea you know knowing she's
trans he's like oh well do you still
have a dick right I mean made some
stupid [ __ ] comments and probably
transphobic comments or whatever the
other girl was also going hard like
intrusive personal comments like that's
it like I don't care I don't think it's
like whatever they're like I don't think
that it was a still [ __ ] that [ __ ] if
you're going in on personal [ __ ] I don't
give a [ __ ] if somebody's like well I
mean I do you shouldn't be but like I
have no sympathy for you like people are
gonna be homophobic or transphobic or
whatever like if you start going and
unlike personal text other people as
well so I'm like that's that that looks
like what happened in terms of like both
people just [ __ ] on each other so
like if any is like making a comment
where it's like if Emmy is like making a
comment like destiny is dying on so
there's no Hilda guy and your [ __ ]
[ __ ] like the other girl was like
being antagonistic like I don't know and
and now like the goalpost has moved so
far from like that and they call
somebody [ __ ] - did like that Emmy
and make like any transphobic coming
like I don't think there was like a good
guy bad guy in that situation I think it
was just like two people like [ __ ]
on each other
[Music]
the issue was is that she lied and
pretended that she didn't know that she
was transgender yeah sure that's an
issue but that wasn't the initial point
of contention right this is kind of like
what I complained about before and I
don't expect most of you to empathize
with me others comment you know what's
up I don't expect most ritu empathize
something on this comment because most
you'll never be put in this position but
the way that all these online drama
things work is like you start with an
initial claim and then you have to
defend it so much and you end up
backtracking so much like eventually
somebody will get you on something and
that's like universally like how this
type of drama goes and it's just it's
really boring I don't give a [ __ ] [ __ ]
the other that elects a girl or never is
a piece of [ __ ] I don't give a [ __ ] but
Emmy also you know acted like a [ __ ]
as well so you know [ __ ] her too but
also these comments made in 2016 so like
I also extra they both were shitty but
Emmy acted super bad now [ __ ] that [ __ ]
dude if you go in personally of someone
I go in percent you whether you're trans
or gay or whatever like you don't get
like any kind of [ __ ] protection on
it I don't give a [ __ ] like if I was gay
or I'm bi I guess I'm bi I guess I don't
know like if I like started going in I
was like dude what's up you fat [ __ ]
like a limp dick piece of [ __ ] and the
guy was like I don't know Jessica's such
a [ __ ] dick lately your mother
[ __ ] like f-word whatever like yeah I
mean like that's par for the course I
would expect it right if I'm gonna like
engage in like that type of like
personal like insult against the other
person I'm gonna expect it back right
100% and then like and then if yeah and
I'm not gonna defend anybody either like
this isn't about that person though but
the message it sends to other people in
that group yeah you're gonna have like a
broader conversation about
responsibility but I'm not gonna sit
there holy [ __ ] this questioning [ __ ] is
[ __ ] ruining you so I have done a lot
at twitchcon and I have not done I have
no intention to she literally has a
boyfriend here your eye forever
I am very consistently defending like
every single person like I said that
Bosh can come back like I've said like a
whole bunch of other [ __ ] as well like I
don't just defend women creators on this
like I literally the pretty been pretty
consistent I you know it said the same
about canoes so the same about Greek
gotta X right what about attacks on
their race yeah sure if you if you get
personal with someone then they're gonna
get personal with you like [ __ ] it like
I don't know that's I've literally like
you cry all you [ __ ] want okay
because whatever we're in sjw commie 29
whatever I have always been consistent
100% on this on this thing I think I've
said this is 2012 where I've said like
there are certain lines that you can
cross so like for instance right like
you suck [ __ ] at Starcraft someone else
like ok well you're [ __ ] garbage
League player or some [ __ ] like yeah ok
that's fair the device do something at
somebody like ups the ante to where like
they're like attacking my like cater
some [ __ ] okay well like this is like
no-holds-barred like I'm going hard like
[ __ ] it and I were like I mean I won't
because like I have like different
social understandings where like I try
not to say like transfer blah blah blah
but like if you come crying to me like
oh my god like any I said I have a dick
well it's like oh damn like that's
really [ __ ] like you know what
happened she's like well you know I said
she had ugly teeth and she was like a
fat [ __ ] and [ __ ] I was like oh my [ __ ]
[ __ ] crying to me he's stupid [ __ ]
I'm I gotta give you [ __ ] sympathy
the [ __ ] out of here you're so stupid
they go cry to somebody that gives a
[ __ ] but so not bother you that she
seems to lie a lot about what she did in
the past I mean it does a little bit I
think it's pretty bad I actually
messaged her in all caps I was like
listen you need to get your [ __ ]
story straight because it makes me look
bad
if you like [ __ ] up someone called me
ugly I call them the n-word got him it's
not just calling somebody ugly [ __ ] holy
[ __ ] I feel like if i ban you it's
actually like ableism but see you later
but you get personal with somebody
they're gonna get personal with you just
be ready for it yeah otherwise here at
quick no more if you walk up to somebody
like smack them like get ready to get
laid the [ __ ] out and I'm not gonna have
any sympathy for you why do you say you
don't like a lot of the also girl okay
talk about being ugly is on ironically
the next bigotry to tackle after race
gender sex other briskets yeah maybe
because he saw us on Mall doubt of his
day yeah do you think it's worth behind
Patricia Kahn doesn't flood the earth
what if you want to meet like strimmers
a trade yeah how was the food there the
food's been fun we seen how fast the
news is coming out though looks worse
this time I don't know dude Trump seems
like impervious to the news cycle
Republicans are pretty [ __ ] dug in on
him but we'll see maybe it'll change I
haven't kept up with this issue as much
Pelosi is only approaching impeachment
because it's sending a bull possibly so
keep in mind that national polling isn't
really relevant to what Pelosi should be
doing it has to come down to the exposed
or vulnerable districts that Democrats
one seed Center that's what you're
really looking at if those districts are
polling positively for impeachment than
you have I can go for it
are you a bad bunny friends again oh my
gosh I don't know do you think yang will
be more popular Ken at the next election
cycle no any cool guess from fans um
anything particularly are you gonna sign
Prince again I think so I hope so
I knew a late night hotel lobbies Jim I
showed us can we talk yesterday Eva [ __ ]
I didn't know we're gonna talk we talked
like two issues about or two hours about
like a ton of random like social issues
and [ __ ] we've done a pretty good stream
it would have been a really good stream
actually but I didn't I didn't get to I
[ __ ] about about it when I come to UM
when I come to like events like these
like I like to find people that I don't
know like to see in real life and like
to talk to them because like the real
life interaction with a person is always
going to be so much more information
than like interaction with silicone line
I can't interact with somebody a lot of
place I hate it I hate all the parties I
don't like I don't feel like the fact
that I need to go out to someplace where
the music is [ __ ] blaring I'm not
gonna scream at the person sitting
across me to talk to them and everybody
has to be [ __ ] wasted like I hate
that scene I can't do it I don't like
doing it ever I'll never I'll never be
into it I wish I was more maybe because
people get along that way but like I
like go into people's houses and
chilling with people and talking to
people there is like so much more
entertaining for me or chilling in hotel
lobbies and talking to people is so much
more entertaining than going to a
[ __ ] bar where people like screaming
and I
that should so much.what that kinda been
roofied yet not yet have you been
roofied yet okay I'm gonna go I'll talk
to you guys in a bit
because I'm pretty sure when we get to
our computers at the rival stage I think
we're gonna be streaming from them so I
will yeah I love you all very much
[Music]
I guess like I think that Hasan
sometimes
