how we doing guys okay I'm gonna start
with the plans and then what I did they
can be perceived as bad and then we'll
explain what's going on oh man okay all
right Dan
oh-ho God [ __ ] you Dan reckon okay but
everybody's doing the dairy line why
leak this [ __ ] okay my reason for doing
this is because I want to explain why
some people may or may not be around the
stream as much anymore we don't know
and because people are now like
everybody is talking and some things
have been like said and I don't want
people to like misconstrue anything that
I've done or think that I'm being like a
horrible person or some [ __ ] like that
okay okay so uh oh god there feels
weirding me man I don't know if I could
do it Dan there feels weirding me no no
no no K I'll do it Dan I'll do it Dan
I'll do it okay this is what it's like
reading chat when you debate against me
it's hard dan it's hard I know why
people are so scared now okay okay so we
made plans a while ago
okay oh god Dan this feels so fine oh we
made plans a while ago okay
I should have alcohol or weed or I
should eat mushrooms [ __ ] we okay we had
plans a while ago me Molina denims and
emod we're after twitchcon they were
gonna come up and they were gonna hang
out for like a week or whatever that was
gonna be the goal okay that was the
dream now [ __ ] got so unbelievably
[ __ ] over the past week and at the
beginning of the week
that I basically came out and I told em
on and denims that they needed to find
another place to stay because I wasn't
gonna be hosting them for this for this
week okay
that's the that's we have a rough sketch
right okay that's okay
that's a that's a that's a rough sketch
all right yes
broad outline how about that okay so
when we went to twitchcon everybody's
plans were kind of up in the air so Iman
really wanted hang out with me which was
fine
Mileena I told her multiple times she
needed to find like mots people to do
things with and the denim house like her
own stuff as well cuz I was gonna be
super busy all weekend working like if
I'm gonna be like completely 1 million %
honest I think I literally had one
orgasm the entire weekend ok so I know
that a lot of people aren't the
impression I was literally like [ __ ]
my way through like 20 million people I
actually didn't like it was pretty crazy
I was busy like a [ __ ] over over
that whole weekend ok so so everybody
kind of had their rough plans set for
kind of what the expectations were so
uh-huh goddamn okay okay so on the first
on the first of the first red red oh god
I want to be very clear okay I don't
think anybody involved in this story is
a horrible person
okay I think that spent a series of
horrible misunderstandings and just
things that just went awry that we that
shouldn't have okay because of
unfortunate stuff okay so
why are you some capable of talking
normally cuz I feel really bad okay if I
get so the first day got done okay so
right okay and for the record on the
first day I'm pretty I'm pretty like
spazzed out or I don't know what the
expression would be I just driven from
two hours out of LA back to LA that
morning I picked up Iman and her mom and
Molina
we drove two hours to San Diego I was
super like [ __ ] out of my head like
very [ __ ] tired I got down to we got
down to San Diego and immediately as
soon as I got to San Diego I had to I
had to record a four hour podcast so
drop everybody off I don't know if I
drop people off at their hotels I think
I kind of did I dropped him off at her
hotel I think then I was over to her
hotel and then me and Molina went to
ours I got out my laptop and everything
I think Molina slept took a nap and then
I recorded the pain killer already
podcast which was four hours long so at
the end of this it's just really
relevant Dan do I really need this part
okay okay I'll be careful tell me what
we because there are some things I'm not
gonna bring up okay so just tell me okay
so on the first day we had some problems
with some boundaries being overstepped a
little bit so I think so now to her
credit okay I think a mom got a little
bit drunk okay was very drunk so maybe
she wasn't fully in control of herself
so well I'm like finicky oh my podcast
and like super [ __ ] tired and like
[ __ ] blasted out of my [ __ ] mind
because I just really want to sleep she
said it might be saying like hey where
you at like I want to come hang out all
the blah and I'm like okay well hey like
chill like I'm in the middle of podcast
I think she's like oh I can come hang
out it's like I'm in the middle of a
podcast I can't do this and then as soon
as I finished I think like 20 minutes
later she's like I'm at your hotel and
I'm like hey like we I need like just I
just need like 10 minutes like may only
just wanna like chew over like Tenma's
and then I hear her walking around
upstairs like screaming in the hallway
like looking for us
it's like it was a lot okay it was a lot
to deal with on the first day okay
so me and milena get our stuff ready and
we addressed and then we go out and we
meet a very drunk
Iman and a slightly drunk denims we do
dinner for a bit and so for me that so I
can do like like when I handle dramatic
people as soon as I walk away from a
dramatic person I'm done with it I don't
care it's fine for me and I could see on
the next day and it's whatever Melina
has a much harder time dealing with
dramatic people so she carries it with
her a lot longer so for the amount so
specifically she was feeling really bad
that night because she don't get to hang
out with us she had to go back to her
hotel Melina was feeling a little bit
curved I think curved is that a word it
worked
I think denims was - Melina denims kind
of talked about the imaan stuff it was a
little weird
I talked to Melina about the amount of
stuff maybe she was just drunk maybe the
next year be better over the next few
days I think Amon and Melina went back
and forth between like making up and
then some really dramatic stuff happened
with them on her getting upset and then
Melina being like I don't want to deal
with this and then Iman and Melina
making up I think they did that two or
three times and eventually I think by
the second to last day or maybe in the
last day only there's just like I don't
want to deal with us anymore
like this is too much for me and like
I'm done like okay what was the dramatic
stuff um I it's - you're being way too
vague no one knows what you're saying
right now I'm you should be able to
catch front of sang else you have
literal [ __ ] like just like showing
up the convention being really anxious
and like needing a babysitter and then
but then some days she'd be like oh well
I don't need a babysitter like I could
be on my own for like five or six hours
and then like Melina was like too much
like Melina couldn't handle like dealing
with that too much and then she and so
Melina was like I'm just gonna go do my
own thing and then she has to figure out
her own thing so I've been around people
I completely understand thanks okay so
that happened and then that kind of like
you have to you're this far you Oh chat
we made you now go ahead
basically like Iman and Molina
we're like hating each other all weekend
like there are times when Iman wanted
time alone with me Molina was like hey
I'm tired I want to see what I would
tell my mom to get really mad at Molina
just like but why the [ __ ] you're in the
hotel now we can't do anything like this
is some [ __ ] like [ __ ] you Baba and
they got like we're just getting mad at
each other over [ __ ] like this I think
it got to a point to where like Iman
sent like Molina this really big message
saying like hey like I'm mad that you
even came to Texas ever like you ruined
this whole week and this whole weekend
and basically just like that like dumb
[ __ ] does this makes any to say anything
more like it's just like this right they
hated each other over the weekend okay
are we good do we have that yeah okay no
we weren't okay you mom says they
weren't you can explain it for her side
of the story that was the gist that I
got that like by the second or third day
Molina was like holy [ __ ] like this is
too many memes I can't deal with it so
after so after all of that okay so this
was okay so this was the this was like
the this was the five out of ten drama
okay it's not much here okay so after
all of this happened the okay so then
big meme started to happen okay
haha okay I have to admit so much that
it's not hold on what do you tie for me
to read then I can't I'm not going to do
that no no no I can do it without the
name I can do without the name I can do
without the name they can track can
investigate that if they want to okay so
this is more or less the first dark okay
okay so the I don't care it doesn't
matter I can just use shut [ __ ] up and
we'll see if chat understands okay so
after this happened okay on the second
or and I think on the second to last day
or whatever denim's me and Molina
realized there's kind of a problem
driving back to LA from San Diego is
gonna be pretty crowded we've got a car
full of people that already had like a
lot of luggage it might not work denims
was talking about maybe taking a bus
back I felt kind of bad because I don't
want to like tell somebody that I can
give them a ride back
la now they have to take a bus back that
didn't work and then all of a sudden
another person that was in our friend
group suggested like hey well I can take
denims back to my apartment now I wish I
could go into why there are so many
reasons why this is kind of weird but
it's whatever but when that other person
said it I was like oh I was like yeah if
you want to that's fine and then I said
to I said to denims like hey w-4 people
in chat who think I'm in his pokey main
so I said - I said - denims I was like
hey like if you want my apartment is
like open like if you want you can stay
there a day before I get back it's fine
because I was trying to like my the idea
is like I'm giving her like a way out in
case she doesn't want to go back with
that one guy but I don't know the extent
of their relationship or whatever that's
fine and they're like oh no that's fine
whatever
so denims and the other person okay
Dennison Lee and the other person drive
back to LA at like a day early the next
day the situation with Iman and Molina
has not improved [ __ ] is really [ __ ]
weird
Iman tricks at a hotel me and Molina
want to get breakfast with people I
don't know if him I could be there if it
would be too dramatic so Iman and her
mom uber back to LA from San Diego I
still owe him on money for that I said
I'd pay for the uber it's like 200 bucks
and I'll send a mat after this
conversation okay so I'm like okay
that's cool during all of this we're
kind of chatting with Kay Torino now the
amount of situation is deteriorated into
into nothingness okay this is completely
[ __ ]
and now the denim situation because
everything is like a little strange but
not like totally [ __ ] just a little
strange so now we're talking to kata
Reno and cater and I was like my plane
leaves like in literally 1 hour and 10
minutes but a lot of cool people gonna
get breakfast I've kind of wanted to go
to LA to like hang out with people like
I know a lot of streamers going after
like maybe I can like come and hang out
with you guys and I'm like okay fine
okay don't want to yeah that's whatever
that's fine
so we eat breakfast at a really [ __ ]
awesome place in San Diego called
Morning Glory sick as [ __ ]
they have like souffle pancakes that
place was so [ __ ] good every piece of
food that was actually so [ __ ] good
do you ever have a chance go to Little
Italy in San Diego it's called
Morning Glory is so good one of the best
breakfast place I've ever been to in my
life
so okay so at this point keeping track
of everybody okay
so denims is back in San Diego or in LA
doing
we're not sure what Iman is in an uber
back at LA taking over back and then me
k2 Raider Malita are eating breakfast
with a bunch of shimmer people hanging
out so eventually at like I think around
maybe 6:00 6:30 p.m. me Molina and Kay
Torino drive back to LA as we're driving
back to LA we stopped for gas we get
food and snacks
we get back home I park in my garage I'm
talking to Kay Torino and Molina we walk
into the elevator take the elevator up I
open my door and I come into my empty
apartment okay
me Kay Torino and Molina sigh of relief
drop our bags and then denims pops her
head up over the loft and says oh hey
what's up and we're like oh what's up
and then the guy pops his head out over
the loft it is like hey what's up and
I'm like oh and so at this point there's
a lot of very strange things going
through my head right now
okay namely the idea that like I'm
incredibly uncomfortable that like and I
don't know if this person would do
anything but the idea that a fan of mine
was in my house for a whole day now that
figure is contested okay other people
say he wasn't there for a whole day he
just came and left or whatever like
around my unlocked computer like
actually is the worst InfoSec like
mishap I think I've ever had in my
entire life
I don't know if I have ever ever ever
had this problem happen in my entire
life like I'm actually like so insanely
upset that that situation occurred for a
full like 24 hours so we leave for so me
cater and Malia like okay well this is
like insanely [ __ ]
so we leave for an hour to get food and
to laugh at the unbelievable okay oh
right EPA says okay destiny might've
been right I might have killed someone
in this situation so Mia Molina and
drive to get some food and we just go to
CVS we try to take as as as long as we
can to do stuff because holy [ __ ] and we
laugh about how insanely [ __ ] awkward
everything is and then we get back to my
apartment and then both of them are
still there except now instead of being
up in my bedroom they're sitting on my
couch and so we're just kind of hanging
out and we're like so what's up
everybody and I think after like 20 or
30 minutes they're like okay well we're
both gonna leave and I'm like okay well
you two have fun and did you give denims
a key so I told denhams a way to get
into my apartment you know in a way that
avoids all of the locks on the outside
and then I told her the apartment number
I had and I usually my apartment
unlocked because normally to get up to
my apartment you have to go through two
key to entries you have to use a key to
entry to get in from outside and you
have to use a key to get up the elevator
but there's there's a way to get in
without having to do that and I told her
the way to do that don't say that I'm
literally moving in like a week so it's
not a big deal to me but uh
I just want you know the entire time
half the chat thought Imani was pokey
main I am going no this is not that he
Monica pretend it was for the memes dude
what the [ __ ] doesn't I'd be so [ __ ]
pissed I don't know how your kind of
show with this yeah yeah that's what I
think like I think that's why I said
like I think I let people like get a
little wait a little bit too much but
like I pretty show with most things but
like but like yeah I mean like that's
like it's pretty why don't you say the
Cheddar's name cuz I don't know if I
want to name names for this but anyway
so I mean good job fam Thanks I don't
know what to so I'm a little annoyed
because I don't know what they've been
doing in my apartment for a day I don't
want to whatever I talked to denims like
multiple times about this and she gave
like a lot of different stories to a lot
of different people so it was pretty
obvious that she was lying about a lot
of stuff so and like when somebody
starts lying it's really hard to tell
like where the lies stop and the truth
begins it's like I couldn't do anything
so me K Torino and Malina went to sleep
k Torino slept on the couch downstairs
me and milena slept on the bed upstairs
both culprits were Muslim still what
immigrants checkmate lib dirts
oh man wait what happened there was a
weird thing that happened at one point
did we leave and come back twice I think
we left and come back once oh that was
like a minor thing it doesn't matter
don't worry about that but so catering
herself in the couch me and Melina
subdiv stairs for the record I offered I
offered cater you know she could sleep
upstairs and Lina and I just keep on the
couch which she said she didn't care so
that's fine so I am so sorry
Oh God okay so I go to sleep with Melina
and kateryna's downstairs it was not
liking okay dan are you in here did I
send you the the aliens message when I
woke up to that day hold on
Oh God this was one of the scariest
messages now you know how awkward
everything was the day before right yeah
this is what I woke up to on my phone
okay did I send you this yeah holy [ __ ]
so I already don't know like because my
brain is going into like a million
different areas I'm not 100% sure like
what I'm going to do and I know that
like me and milena need to talk about
things Oh show us Oh so me Emily need to
talk about things but I didn't even have
time when I woke up that want you to
think so I wake up and I'm like [ __ ]
and I'm like dead silent in my bed cuz
I'm like holy [ __ ] I think somebody is
back in my apartment again like now I'm
not like a super secretive person like I
leave my door unlocked maybe that's a
Nebraska habit but I've never been in a
scenario my life where people are just
like coming in in on my apartment except
for like the person I'm dating right
I've never been in a situation like I'm
like frozen upstairs by bed and I start
trying to call K torino to make her like
investigate because so eventually uh K
Torino wakes up and I damn her and I'm
like listen
Daffy okay it's time to roll into action
k to Reno dams mean she's like I don't
think anyone's here I'm like you need to
check you need to check behind the door
you need to check behind the stairs so
Katy Reno gets up and she starts saying
like hey does anybody want to go to
breakfast I'm like walking around the
apartment like checking all the corners
to make sure that nobody was like hiding
here oh and while and while Iman was
here so I eventually she clears the
whole apartment she tells me it's good
to go nevets you can come downstairs
come downstairs and I find out that Kay
Torino was typing in my or not kidding
we know that Iman was typing in my chat
about kay Torino sleeping on my couch
she's like oh wow I can't locate her
like sleeps with her glasses out it's
definitely Oh God so I don't it's just a
bad it's just scary as [ __ ] okay it's
real [ __ ] scary so while me Molina
and Kay Torino are all sitting here
trying to figure out what's going on
because oh and apparently when Iman was
here she said
denims was sleeping here too so she must
have come back at some point then
tonight was sleeping and then also left
I don't know I don't know who the [ __ ]
is coming in out of my [ __ ] apartment
okay so me milena and Kay Torino are
trying to figure out like what what
should we do when we talk I don't know
how we're gonna handle all this and then
out of nowhere Iman Iman denims and the
guy all just come walking into my
apartment and I'm like hmm
this is very [ __ ] awkward like
everybody's just like chill like
everything is just like super cool and
everybody is like do I have a doorbell
yeah but I guess people are just helping
themselves in and out of the in and out
of the apartment
and um yeah so this is okay so there you
go I could tell you more parts that
would make this even more juicy but like
some of them are like more and bought a
DBH asterisk asterisk I don't really
want to say as much but like basically
that day I had a talk with oh I told I
told him on and denims so me and milena
are playing like this a nuclear football
game where I'm trying to punt them off
to Molina cuz I don't I don't want to
deal with this right now like I just got
back from twitchcon I need to [ __ ]
extreme I have a problem with another
person that I care a lot about that I'm
trying to figure out and then every it's
just and then everything is just insane
so I'm like okay hey Molina why don't
you all go to breakfast so Molina takes
all of them to breakfast Molina catering
out your mom and denims and I guess they
talked for a little bit and they try to
figure out things I guess Molina is
really mean to denims and messages and
pretty mean to little fox and then
Molina tells me that she talked with him
she told him about to [ __ ] off I guess
basically whatever and then Molina left
with Kay Torino to go to the beach or
something why didn't you close the door
after the first time it happened and
then so I start streaming and then in
the course of me streaming denims makes
her way back to the apartment and then
Iman who makes her way back to the
apartment so I think this was yesterday
when I was having the debate with the
crazy woman tree of logic so I have the
debate with her
well denims and aman are just in my
apartment hanging out so I'm just
talking to the lady do my debate and
then unfortunately because I have to
talk to these people after that debate I
have my eight thousand viewers that I
say goodbye to and I close it and I turn
and I have a long conversation with
Amana denims and I basically tell like
hey this [ __ ] has gotten out of [ __ ]
control like holy [ __ ] this is so crazy
like I think that I would be comfortable
like I think I said we were gonna have
another talk tonight with milena but I
basically like laid out like this is
everything that happened none of this is
okay like this is really [ __ ] like
this is all a big problem and we'll talk
about it tonight with Melina and then
later on that night when Melina came
back me denims
Melina and Iman had a chat and basically
said like hey like listen like Iman is
here she already has a hotel like denims
you can either stay with the other guy
or you can stay with him on like this is
like past like what anything that I at
least want to deal with and yeah that's
basically so I'm on set and chat we said
we wanted to [ __ ] talk because of the
drama you're making it a bigger deal you
knew we were coming okay yeah but like
you do this thing where you say hey I'm
coming and I either haven't responded
yet her say I'm not ready and then you
just show up and it's like they had sex
in his bed dad GF I don't know about
that but maybe I washed all my bedding
but I mean I can't know any of that but
um okay I think so that's
yeah there you go
are you happy dan did I leave anything
out like how did people side with denims
on this well denims told a liberal that
she just brought somebody to my
apartment that I didn't like as well
having no concept of manners kek w
so yeah so like that's you should say
who the guy is I don't I'm not gonna say
okay
I'm typing the promise it's not me it's
not like um it's not it's not mr. Murray
who's mr. bird honestly I see fine his
bike hey dude are we gonna play Wow oh
[Laughter]
[ __ ] but I think that like from my
perspective and for most people that
I've talked to I think I was like very
very [ __ ] chill all considered like
this is what happens when you hang out
with too many young streamers don't
there you look at in any of this what
would they say about whoa because now it
kind of looks like well like so what I
don't want people to think is I don't
want people to think that like oh I
brought denims and Iman here to [ __ ] and
since they both turned me down I kicked
him out of my apartment I don't want it
to sound like some crazy [ __ ] like that
or like I brought somebody and they were
uncomfortable something as I try to like
rape them and now I'm kicking them out
because they didn't like cave into it or
whatever like I don't want like [ __ ]
like that for people to think that and
like I think I have like a pretty good
reason I think I have like a pretty good
reason like not to be okay with having
to deal with them at least for this week
like I think I was like I think I'm
pretty chill like all considering
if the plan was originally that they
would be staying with you for the whole
week doesn't it make sense that they
figured they could come and go from your
place yeah but that was before
everything got like super super super
weird
we weren't saying that at all and no one
ever [ __ ] said that destiny well no
but I see like a lot of people are like
speculating on that since everybody's
being like super vague but what the [ __ ]
you mean you made us put up with all of
those Peppa mod streams just for this
I'm sorry conclusion Jesus Christ
destiny is the only villain here as
you're piecing on it unlock 24/7 I mean
yeah generally when I'm I mean I don't
care from Elena reads her ghost there
near my [ __ ] like I'm dating her I'm
pretty open with her about everything I
don't I'm not used to having people I
don't know if there's ever been a
destiny aside from a person I'm dating I
don't know if I've ever had anybody in
my apartment before well I haven't been
there I don't know if I've ever done
that before as Miss human even been in
my apartment before it was so deep on on
this apartment but the old house you're
so deep in that [ __ ] Nathan oh yeah okay
are we good it's very weird to have you
people just let themselves in without
clearing at first even in dorm rooms
wouldn't be fair to let them voice their
sight in a call
they won't disagree with anything I've
said I'm very confident of that no sense
of boundaries the guy was Mike from
Paulo please JJ there's a few details
being excluded I think I have excluded
details to protect the accused but I
don't think there is no possible way if
I were to leak anything more from this
it makes both parties look insanely
[ __ ] bad wait did I ever tell you
about this Jan hold on wait no wait did
I not tell you about this at all wait
okay hold on I'm gonna pull you to a
personal call real quick we're gonna
chat all right one sec
here we'll be back after you
regularly-scheduled break
you
what are you guys doing here get out
you're not invited you're not part of
this Ranma go away - all right okay but
yeah I don't know what else I think that
like giving any more details like makes
like the other of parties like look
really really really really really bad
yeah so I don't know like it's not like
I'm leaving things out that make me look
bad or something I don't think do you
think what else could I have left out
that makes me look bad um I did know to
be fair I didn't know the person dropped
off denims at my apartment I knew that I
didn't think they would stay for a day
but I did know that they'd dropped her
off there I will say that a lot of
babysitting duty did fall onto my hands
without any compensation is neither here
nor there okay
was a good stream luck [ __ ] you uh wait
hold on bad [ __ ] [ __ ] that would make
you look bad let me okay
I think we're done with this are we good
so like that's why they're not here now
I don't know what stream is gonna look
like in the future for both these people
I I don't know maybe we'll chill and who
cares in the future or maybe I'll be a
spat for a while or maybe I don't know
mono but now I guess that's more or less
is pretty much everything is out like
yeah
are you gonna learn from this mistake or
keep [ __ ] mentally handicapped women
listen okay
everybody that is older okay now can you
and Dan talk to Nico maybe listen all
the older women are either non-existent
or unavailable emotionally or when
they're in a relationship okay so Dustin
you can't say it make them look so bad
and then claim the high road by not
saying it you just made them look just
as bad as if he said it no I'm not trust
me trust me on that one
Oh me and milena might gonna double-date
with me and her boyfriend there you go
that's a that might be if I don't know
if we'll stream it or not but who would
have thought the last survivor no one's
on me I mean Melina okay yeah we are
feels like bringing in the dude was much
worse than sneaking in at night right oh
yeah yeah no yeah bringing the guy over
was like like I don't think like I don't
think he minded anything necessarily
wrong she's just like not used to have
social anxiety not you setting out
people a little like emotionally
immature whatever I don't know but I
don't think it might necessarily
anything horribly wrong the denim stuff
like irritates me quite a bit and
they're not respecting people's
boundaries I guess I'm honored that was
kind of that but yeah but that's that's
all I got to think I don't think
anybody's like it redeemable they're
like horrendously [ __ ] but I do think
I mentioned like maybe it was three
months ago that once Melina got back
that all these women new harem manor
members we're gonna be on [ __ ] short
notice I knew that [ __ ] was happening
immediately wait why do you say that mom
does she's the alpha mom dude doesn't
take no [ __ ] yeah she doesn't she's
pretty funny when when he gets mad at
somebody she's pretty straightforward
about it we're out eating wait hey take
the video down pepper law what way was a
donation um maybe
okay go no I was just say Melina said
some of the funniest [ __ ] when we're out
like I take her out
when we had dinner and give her
something and be like this tastes like
[ __ ] I'm like god damn Melina [ __ ]
guys right there waiter
it's funny as [ __ ] wait what did she say
it's like she just doesn't give a [ __ ]
it's it's funny that's good good one Dan
thanks I think it's like a little bit of
like Russian carryover Russian women do
the same [ __ ] it's a very good habit
that we should all secure no new logins
or any of that yeah that's all fine I
typed in earlier to a friend that this
person had like sold me drugs and I was
gonna contact the DEA or whatever
because I was gonna see if the other
person I put a keylogger on my computer
and I figured like if they were reading
what I was typing they would probably
try to call me or contact me after that
and I waited a day and they didn't say
anything so I figured they probably
didn't have anything like none of my
computers what I don't know the other
person is like wait hold on hold on one
second but yeah I mean I don't think um
yeah I think they'd be yeah but anyway
was it dude scary I didn't say the guy
actually did anything or whatever but I
figure if I threatened to call the cops
on whatever people would probably reach
out I mean honest to god at the end of
the day I don't think that like I know I
hope they wouldn't [ __ ] with am i [ __ ] I
don't think they would I'm like I'm more
upset at denims than the guy because if
the guy is just being stupid I like it I
think that I was like [ __ ] up pretty
hard I think what do you want aren't you
guys at the beach can I say who it was
no don't
contra no stop because okay wait
actually because I can't have you
[ __ ] on now okay I've gone from 20
year olds to you're 19 after you is 18
and after that I'm gonna be a [ __ ]
registered sex offender cater you know
so you're like the last bastion before
we start getting some real sweats to the
territory so I need you to behave
yourself
okay okay good daddy don't say that
stock where I'm what do you guys out are
you guys in Santa Monica still no stop
she's not yeah she doesn't drink
dumbass yeah dumb ass dumb ass dan Anna
again with the stupid [ __ ] tapes can I
like it
no we're not doing this [ __ ] okay um are
we are we good are we done with us now
are we all done can we be done Dan no
I'm not after I can't Dan not that one
we have to hold on to that one for a
little bit guys the Bella memes are dead
the Bella means is basically the short
end of it is that I wanted a
relationship Bella didn't want a
relationship and it became an impasse
for us there's like a lot of other dumb
like dramatic but it's like all like
high school stupid [ __ ] but that's more
or less like oh the wedding story I
could tell the wedding story the winning
series not anywhere near as entertaining
as these other stories oh but I'm on
good terms with Bella now Bella is
really cool okay fellas are really funny
cool person so go watch her scream if
you guys want you okay you said you're
going to tell us the Bella that story in
depth that's never gonna happen okay I'm
so sorry
look that's that goes our the grave with
me I'm sorry but yeah Bella's cool
don't know I'm doing about her what were
we wait [ __ ] what was I gonna tell oh
the story no wait now the guys messaging
me saying I can't say it he gave me
permission before he said it was fun
that mother [ __ ] no you can oh go for
it my dude Oh amen brother
okay this is not this isn't like an
amazing drama story whatever is just
some [ __ ] it real [ __ ] okay a long
time ago so you guys might remember the
viral okay went viral on twitch TV
Berlin National twitch TV clip where I
went to a fans bachelor party and I
surprised the fan by I was on the couch
I was screaming we're just hanging out
and then the fan saw he's like oh [ __ ]
your destiny right you guys remember
that we went viral and twitchtv
yep national twitch TV yeah it was good
okay so after that happened I actually I
stayed for that bachelor party I played
a couple game star gonna play some poker
I hit it off pretty well with him and
his brother his brother was like I think
did a minor BA in philosophy I think so
we talked about quasi realism and [ __ ]
we had a lot of fun and it was cool we
had a lot of fun I was awesome I enjoyed
my time later on the guy that got
married okay the bachelor party
his brother reached out and email me and
is like hey I'm getting married soon and
my bachelor party's gonna be in Nice
France do you guys want to go and I'm
like okay um I mean like I would I mean
it's a vacation sure I don't really know
you or the wife at all which I'm going
to the wedding is a little but whatever
okay that's like yeah sure we'll go so
me and Melina Melina can haz can only be
in the countries 98 at a time so we've
got a traveling [ __ ] anyway so fine so
we go to nice for a week
I'm planning to go to Sweden for three
weeks after right that was my really
really really long vacation recently so
we go to nice France and we both have
bachelor parties or I have the I go to
the actual part of the guys Melina goes
to the bachelorette party with the girls
some kind of sort of drama stuff happens
where don't care no I don't give a [ __ ]
where the bride is really mad because
she feels like the maid of honor or some
[ __ ] it's not spending enough time with
her over like Molly and I okay I don't
give a [ __ ] whatever so some dumb kind
of drama stuff maybe I like attributor
like maybe the bride is having like
bridezilla [ __ ] or whatever I don't give
a [ __ ] I'm actually for my bachelor
party I spent most of this vacation
playing FL seal on my laptop because I
really just want to beat the game that
Final Fantasy Tactics knockoff so that's
what I was doing most of the time
so after this happens me and Melina are
now at the same hotel and we're chilling
and I feel like you've told this or part
of this of our [ __ ] did I tell this will
straight before I might have told some
of this story but um me and Lina hanging
out of bed and for whatever reason like
we're feeling like pretty tired that
and we eat we go to this so firstly we
go to the wedding ceremony okay we go to
the wedding ceremony we hang out we
watch the stuff we clap I get a little
sunburn Molina probably doesn't get
sunburned and then we go back to our
rooms and then we we get something small
to eat and we're like yeah you know we
feel like really tired and kind of
whatever not feeling too great I asked
one of the what do you call the the like
that not the maid of honor but like the
the best man I think I think or one of
the somebody in the groom's bachelor
party or whatever we told one of them
like hey we're probably gonna sleep
through like the first part of the like
the dinner and we're gonna come down for
drinks after like if that's cool right
we don't so also for the record
maybe that's rude like me and Alina we
don't know anybody there okay we don't
know a single person aside from like the
two brothers we don't know [ __ ]
anybody there it's like okay so we're
just gonna take a nap and then we'll
come back down for drinks after and if
you guys are dancing whatever like maybe
we can do that the maid of honor comes
up starts knocking on the door and she
says hey you guys should come downstairs
like it's time for dinner and we're like
oh well you know we're just like not
feeling that great so we thought we
would just like kind of like chill we
were just gonna take a nap and then
we'll come back down for drinks
afterwards it'll be okay
and she's like okay so she goes
downstairs in like ten minutes later one
of the people in the and the husband's
like groom's party or whatever starts
banging on the door so I open the door
and I'm like hey and he's like hey the
bride is like losing her [ __ ] mind
right now she says it every time she
looks forward there's an empty seat at
one of the tables and you are literally
destroying her wedding you guys need to
get downstairs immediately so so I go
okay so I wake up Melina we get dressed
and we take the elevator down and we do
like this walk of shame we walk over and
we sit at this [ __ ] table with like
seven or eight other people we have no
[ __ ] idea who the [ __ ] they are who
anybody is what the [ __ ] is going on
and we we eat our food and whatever the
bride is like the most like
passive-aggressive piece of [ __ ] okay I
don't know anything about this one but I
already [ __ ] hate her okay
not for this almost for this now I can
almost let this slide because like maybe
it's like some bridezilla [ __ ] okay
whatever I'm what I it's stressful this
is supposed to be your big day like okay
whatever dude I understand you're
freaking out because some stranger
person is not like at your [ __ ]
wedding reception or whatever like okay
dude
so those memes happen wedding ends
wheelie if we go to Sweden I post
pictures on my Instagram of some of the
things that happened so I post a picture
on my Instagram of me in a pool saying
something along the lines like hey like
I had a lot of fun in France even though
weddings not normally my thing like the
view and everything was definitely
awesome
two weeks after I post this picture my
Instagram two weeks after the bride
finds my picture in comments and she
says sorry my wedding wasn't exciting
enough for you I guess
and then the maid of honor hearts her
[ __ ] comment on my Instagram post and
I'm like dude
you're supposed to be like 27 years old
what the [ __ ] is wrong with you I got I
actually lost my [ __ ] when I saw it just
because it was like one of the most
passive-aggressive things I've ever seen
in my life this woman just got married
why is she and her maid of honor
stalking my [ __ ] instagramming she
doesn't Ben [ __ ] and she doesn't even
follow me on Instagram so it's not like
she saw it pop up or whatever like she
must have been going to my Instagram I
think if I'm like are you [ __ ]
serious yeah that was just like it's not
like an amazing story I just thought it
was like a really hilariously stupid
[ __ ] passive-aggressive stem [ __ ]
okay I think that's pretty much all the
big stories that I've gotten out except
for the one big one that maybe some day
so that's a Moline are we still going to
Colorado
oh UConn Oh UConn was the guy that came
to my room and said you need to come
down right now or you're in big trouble
milena tells me that she loves everybody
in your group I love everybody in a
group your wife is super awesome I think
what I already told you that she's
really cool pretty much everybody the
wedding was really cool just the bride
was like a huge [ __ ] dig to me and
and to Molina
and the maid of honor is a little iffy
but um but otherwise um no yeah I mean
yeah we love you yeah of course I'm
always down I'm always down to hang out
I just checked the post to be honest
you're being passive-aggressive as well
the way you word it almost made up for
sitting through the wedding implies the
wedding was [ __ ] not really I'm pretty
vocal about [ __ ] hating weddings okay
listen I don't like [ __ ] weddings I
was invited to wedding that I don't know
anything about I don't know any of these
[ __ ] people except for like the the
husband and his brother okay I think I'm
allowed to make like it she even put
like a smiley face at the [ __ ] end of
it if you were so [ __ ] ass mad about
it
like [ __ ] to contact me I don't give
a [ __ ] dude I [ __ ] hate weddings I'll
be all say that to the [ __ ] grave
okay all [ __ ] right that if me and
milena have a big wedding which were not
but if we did I would be tweeting
afterwards was a lot of fun [ __ ] my
new bride tonight almost makes up for
the boring ass [ __ ] wedding we had to
sit through I'd say that show 100% I
don't give a [ __ ]
all right and after the kid [ __ ] with
your neck steps with the son of Richard
Lewis I'm pretty sure they're Hassan is
an area right now where if I just reach
out to him we'll be cool again Richard
Lewis Damus me on Twitter every now and
then I think we could talk I just have
nothing really to talk with him about
you messaged me about the crazy lady
that I talked to yesterday sure you can
take the girl donno how vocal you worry
about hitting weddings like you said I
don't give a [ __ ] dude I don't care
about the excuses you trying to make for
somebody somebody that's gonna go back
and find an Instagram post it's two
weeks old and you're gonna leave a
passive-aggressive comment on it and
harden after you're ready to act like a
[ __ ] [ __ ] to me I don't give a [ __ ]
what your Excuse is like oh well destiny
you're coming sooner like it might've
maybe been a little bit past me I don't
give a [ __ ] suck my [ __ ] dick dude I
don't care [ __ ] off like I owe you
nothing all right
nobody knew whose wedding it was nobody
knew like who the [ __ ] I was with nobody
had any reason to associate with her it
was herb thing that she brought her [ __ ]
to my [ __ ] Instagram post she decided
to make a [ __ ] public comment [ __ ]
her okay nobody knew anything about it
before then it's not like I wrote like
oh super boring like at whoever his
[ __ ] wedding like Oh horrible time
and blah blah blah like [ __ ] good what
did you mean it's just kind of the most
clutch sush reputation um I don't know
one last story of time um I don't know
this is such a weird thing to be mad
about I mean I'm not that mad about it
it was just like past regressors fire I
don't really care how much these people
mean nothing to me play Hawaii story
that's a dead meme that meme is is dead
on arrival sorry why did you hide the
wedding names it wasn't too spicy
because I don't want you [ __ ] [ __ ]
trying to like bombard or [ __ ]
Instagram with [ __ ] i don't like
directing people online to do because
they think of being edgy or funny to go
and harass people online we kind of
might be f a nice wedding no why do you
hit miss give okay so like my problem
with the ellis f crew so i said this my
chat and apparently miss kaatham poking
everybody read it and they [ __ ] hate
me now or i don't think they came he but
they were obviously mad at me like
sometimes I feel like the means I got a
really bad taste in my mouth from like
the from like the Nova [ __ ] and the and
the tricky [ __ ] and everything like that
all like that just left me feel like
really really really kind of disgusted
with that house that was like my um and
like I had a really big problem for that
like I like I messaged um I wonder if
actually have those messages that I sent
an over room I always say that I do this
but like hold on tell them about Lucas
and Hawaii Oh mister mouton lost his
[ __ ] mind when we were driving
through the mountains cuz the path was
too thin thank you bag had so [ __ ]
mad dude holy [ __ ] you can tell that
straight real quick accuracy and I think
we should have a little bit of decency
for our boy mr. Milton who was probably
just having a little rough you could
probably pull up that route on Google
Maps just so people could see how [ __ ]
it was hmm but it was very [ __ ] and I
sometimes people have had enough and it
was hot we're in a convertible and the
backseat wasn't very comfortable and I'm
I remember we were halfway there then
mr. Bhuvan just lost his [ __ ] [ __ ] he
just lost his [ __ ] uh he wasn't the
friendly little boot that we know before
he was [ __ ] furious it's not like a
babyrage it was like you know pure
[ __ ] uncontrolled rage it was
dangerous I thought he was gonna like
Danny ways we pulled over it's a weird
place and he walked off we didn't talk
to him for 20 minutes as he cooled off
then he was fine
good story down okay sorry um so a lot
of people think I'm hypocritical because
I stream to the the Nova [ __ ] and
everything as well so they're like oh
well like well how can you get mad at
anybody and also like to further record
I don't hate like the Ellis up career
whatever I just the way that they do
things just kind of usually when I
usually if I'm involved in anything like
this with anybody so I was making sure
that I actually did send this message in
over like I usually say so like she
messaged me about like like I'm not
gonna leak TM because it would be ironic
to like diems over a drama about leaking
DMS or whatever but um like I asked
multiple times it's like also did you
want to talk on stream or do you want to
do this privately she said whatever you
think is best I just had your advice I
mean L well I mean yeah sure I'm she's
like I just one help me break this down
it's ridiculous I'm like yes sure she
says read it looks to not be blown me
too hard it would make sense to League
of Beauvoir I was like yeah so I was
thinking and then I eventually say she's
like I've calmed down a bit I think it's
okay like talking about it publicly the
reddit detectives already on it and then
I say yeah boy good content and then I
say if you're not comfortable we can
stop at any time so I don't have to
usually like if I'm talking to somebody
on stream about like personal [ __ ] I
usually always send like at least like
one of these messages or I'm like hey
like if you're not couple talking about
this or if you want to stop talking
about this like we can always stop or we
don't have to do this or whatever
so like Nauvoo was like pretty
comfortable I think like talking about
most of us publicly she seemed
comfortable and then when I started to
talk to her like publicly like she
seemed like fine but tricky looked
really uncomfortable and I'd noticed it
like I think about like halfway through
I think I needed this fear when I said
something I noticed like I don't think
tricky was like having fun with that at
all I think it was like I think she was
actually like legitimate like really
upset about everything so I kind of felt
like really bad that she had been like
pushed into it but I like the other side
of the conversation and then like the
zucchini stuff with like Noboru was like
super [ __ ] disgusting like I that
[ __ ] like actually like on ironically
that triggers the ever-living [ __ ] out
of me that you would make fun of like
somebody that's like 20 years old for
like [ __ ] that they've done like when
they're like 18 or 19 like in porn stuff
like I don't know like that like that
trigger the ever-living flag on me so I
was like super tilted I don't remember
what happened I don't remember what how
think I was just edger I think I was
feeling edgy or grumpy and chat
because somebody asked oh this is
another piece of drama you dumb [ __ ]
got wrong somebody in chat asked like
are you gonna go hang out Oh cuz I think
I mentioned hang out with Ari or
something it was like are you gonna hang
out with the cool area or this [ __ ] aria
and then I respond to something I don't
wanna hang out with like some ditzy
asian [ __ ] if that's what you're
asking about and people took this
somebody made this big-ass [ __ ] um
somebody made this big-ass [ __ ] meme
in my subreddit where like Oh
destiny hates Asian women and he's
racist and he hates like arias sake or
whatever the person from offline TV so
like firstly I don't care or not I don't
care arias like he's cool i chat with
her sometimes I see her when I go to
offline TV like I'm fine with her I have
no problems there I clarified this later
in chat like I have no problems at work
she's cool the one thing that I don't
like and I've said I said this like
multiple times I don't think it's cute
or attractive or funny when women like
play stupid it's like and maybe the and
I think I'm speaking mainly for the hot
chubby person maybe I don't maybe maybe
she doesn't do it all the time on stream
it's possible that it's like it's just I
just see like the wrong clips but like
like the people whose content is like oh
like oh I'm so stupid oh I don't know
that I am so stupid I'm stupid Korean
woman oh and it's like like I'm never
hanging out with a person like this is
not funny to me it's not fun for me like
it's stupid as [ __ ] like I hate it I
don't like it at all
okay like but now obviously like a lot
of people have different kind of content
which that's fine but like I don't yeah
I don't know that's just that's like
where I stood on that I don't like the
whole just for me personally I don't
like the whole like the whole fetishize
like Asian like innocent bimbo white
food thing or whatever the [ __ ] that was
yeah I'm not didn't she start learning
English like four months ago through
twitch chat yeah maybe it's possible
that like she has like English second
language issues whatever that's totally
possible but like it but yeah I don't
know but like it's kind of like reminds
me of um the sweet Anita girl where like
when I'd like watched her streams and
this could be the same with hot chubby
too I could have a totally wrong
characterization of how chubby but like
when I watched like the sweet Anita it
seems like her streams are like pretty
cool she seems like a really
cool person I've never talked to her
personally maybe she's not maybe she's a
huge dick I don't know but she seems
like a really cool person based on
everything I've seen outside of just
twitch clips but like the twitch clips
on LSF of her are literally just like oh
look she had a [ __ ] what's it called
when you like say [ __ ] randomly dan
what's the name of the thing I want my
brain is going to Asperger's but it's
not that Oh
Tourette's yeah well she would just have
like a turrets outbreak and that was
like every clip they got posting it else
up and it's like okay like I get it like
holy [ __ ] but she seems like outside of
that she seems like pretty cool didn't a
me make an attending streaming channel
to pretend to be a dumb twitchy girl or
is that secure well she apparently she
made that channel because she's so
triggered about not getting partnered on
her main one that she said that if she
makes a dumb streaming thought girl
channel maybe she'll get behind what did
you speak to whoever they throw under
the bus
toss it out there didn't toss it out
there but don't [ __ ] name names about
some people okay but it has to do with
specific people talking about you Matt
you dumbass wait no nobody not not the
one dan literally just yelled way to
speak what are you talking about when I
talk to my source another person
involved they were saying that Molina
was telling them one thing and then
telling another person another thing
about your relationship together one
perk wait what what just [ __ ] mute it
what are you doing what a series of
dumbass plays okay
okay extremist unmuted later tabor a
train I need a tape I'm gonna wear it
for like a postgame interview or
something like that
hey my man dude you might get a fine but
all out son Jordan fine for it all so
I'm gonna try to work in a squad w you
want tapered we talked about this do you
want to be successful or do you want to
[ __ ] meme about bro
no squad news I'm [ __ ] CNN okay then
shut the [ __ ] up dude okay he's not
gonna lose any shekels okay buddy listen
I'll talk about any shekel losing here
okay mister I'm a multi-millionaire
sitting on Twitch with 10 viewers calls
I've come on I have come in against REM
for your dumbass table squad W on the
[ __ ] interview dude I got an army to
back your ass so don't worry about it
dude fun ignore this [ __ ] completely
anyway he's destiny I wanted to point
something out by the way Dan I still
love you don't worry
anyways destiny huh have you noticed
something dude I have dude okay remember
oh just me and the boys so me you and
the boys just me and the boys okay I'm
gonna ask you one question okay how much
drama are you in absolutely zero the
only drama urine is maybe when I cry to
you when you made me look bad in my
podcast that's pretty much it which was
every week okay
now look at this dude we got we got the
Ross girls pulling you in we got the
girls over here pulling you in girls
from the CNN 2009 girls from Fox Paul
Newman girls from YouTube look at this
dude every other week goddamn drama dude
that's some goddamn squad W right there
okay listen get back to the boys get
back to the boys that's all you need
okay man get back to the circle of boys
we have the circle of friends and
good to go dude come back to the Austin
guru Steve yeah I mean if you play one
of the boys train Lilly is one of the
boys yeah yeah
Lilly's one of the boys I would say uh
anyone anyone used to game with in those
cozy nights dreams those are the boys
exactly so yeah Lilly's Lilly's one of
the boys Lilly is a boy whoa what that's
quite a view later on another guy comes
up and he's like walking around and he
says like in a real kind of cop way he's
like so what are you guys doing up here
and I'm like oh [ __ ]
