good evening folks and welcome to
everybody coming over from America first
with Nick Jeff went Eze this is of
course James all Sapir on America first
overdrive we have a very special guest
with us tonight it's not not every day
we get to do a debate here but this week
is gonna be full of debates for the
people here over at America first media
me today obviously with destiny and then
Nick tomorrow with will will Chamberlain
debating about Israel but tonight we're
gonna be talking about birth control a
very conscious controversial I should
say topic a very touchy topic for a lot
of people and we're gonna talking about
birth control and whether or not the
government should be subsidizing it so
of course I'm joined here by Steve
destiny how's it going man hey you
pretty good you can call me Stu okay
cool cool cool okay so basically we got
into it a little bit on Twitter and you
know as as people tend to do on Twitter
and we had a disagreement about whether
or not the government this is
essentially for those of you don't know
the backstory on this is the government
or under the Trump administration they
decided to roll back and Obama era
directive that required insurance
companies to cover birth control so
insurance companies and employers could
could agree not to cover it if they
didn't want to if it was a conscientious
objection or something and the Trump
administration rolled back the director
that forced them to cover it so people
been debating about this a lot in over
the past couple days and week on Twitter
what is essentially Steve what's what's
your case for why the government should
be involved in this at all and why
should they be forcing companies to
subsidize birth control so I guess it
just seems like one of the like really
rare scenarios where if we invest in
something almost every single party wins
money is ultimately saved by the state
we reduce the number of abortions we
have lowered numbers of teenagers
getting pregnant the health and back to
women that are prescribed birth control
is oftentimes very positive and it seems
like the alternatives just haven't been
effective in any of these areas like for
instance like abstinence only education
so I guess that my question would be why
can't a insurance company or employer if
they're then providing the birth they're
the ones providing the insurance why
shouldn't they be able to opt out it
seems like to me be for people who have
religious objections it seems like a
rational opportunity for them
it should be something available to them
to opt-out of covering that if they
object to it I don't really I don't buy
the religious objection thing I mean in
society our tax money goes towards
supporting things that you might or may
not have moral objections to for
instance vegans are forced to pay taxes
to subsidize like agriculture and
whatnot you know farm animals and shed
people that ride bikes you don't have to
pay taxes that maybe go towards you know
cars or the automobile industry and
around about--we like I mean we pay
people that are against Wars you know
people that might even dodge drafts or
whatever you know their money is
ultimately goes into the government for
like the war fund and whatnot so the
idea that like because I have a personal
religious belief I disagree with this
thing that has a measurable positive
impact in almost every single way I just
don't really I don't think that's a
legitimate argument against the issue I
feel like that opens a whole can of
worms well you could be morally opposed
to like a tent like should we be able to
opt out of you know funding the military
is that like a thing that you what we
already do allow objections on certain
grounds we allow exceptions for there
are a litany of religious exceptions in
our law that have been supported by the
Supreme Court and actually enshrined by
the Supreme Court for example there was
a case I forget the year there were
several cases actually where people were
using drugs for religious purposes and
they're using peyote was the drug in
question and they are allowed to do so
as part of a religious ceremony there's
religious exemptions to certain to
certain laws and in fact we do allow
conscientious objection to military
service so we already do have this
system in place well who objected things
on religious lines can opt out yeah you
don't you can't opt out of where your
taxes go to right these are kind of
different things like I think religious
institutions can opt out of like certain
types of taxes that they have to pay if
they're recognized as religious but this
is different than like I don't want my
tax money going towards this thing right
these are fundamentally things I don't
think you can like delegate like this is
I want 40% of my tax money to go to this
I don't want any percent to go to the
military like we don't really do that
right now I agree but what's the
question here is whether or not the
insurance companies should be able to
opt out and not pay for the birth
control or whether employers should be
able to opt out of paying for birth
control and it seems like if the
employer is the one paying for it then
they should have the right and the
ability to tell their employees hey
we're gonna pay for this this and this
service but we don't wanna pay for birth
control because we object to it it's
really not even a question of it's not
even birth control specific if they
say hey we don't want to pay for
cosmetic surgery I think they should
have that same right so why is that the
government stopped to intervene and to
intervene in that relationship between
the employer and the insurance company
and the end user of the insurance oh I
might have agreed with this before the
ACA but we're we're being mandated now
to purchase insurance on behalf of
ourselves right the government is
essentially forcing us to do it I think
that the insurance companies kind of
have to fall in line in terms of what
they offer for services also insurance
is oftentimes your access to insurance
can be pretty restricted based on your
job so I'm not sure if that's like a
positive thing right for instance if you
work for a company oftentimes you only
have access to their insurance if they
can tell you what they will or will not
cover that can get like a little strange
I think that in a vacuum I'm a pretty
I'm a pretty free market guy I like
minimal government intervention so in a
vacuum
I can I can kind of see the idea that
well an insurance company shouldn't be
forced to provide any service that they
don't necessarily want to but I'm forced
to buy insurance I have to do it now
under government mandate so if I'm gonna
be forced to purchase insurance and
everyone else gonna be forced to
purchase insurance from you well now
there's gonna have to be some minimum
things that you provide as an insurance
company if you want the all the benefit
of the entire US public being compelled
to buy from you well now you have a
minimum standard of service that you
have to me you've almost become like a
public service at that point sort of and
that makes sense for for you know public
entities with that right with the public
the federal government when they're
providing insurance plans if they are
providing a plans on the exchanges or
whatever do that but but individuals who
go out and choose to purchase a service
or if even better example sticking with
the employer model here an employer you
don't have a right to insurance from
your employer you don't have a right to
be insured by them so if they want to
say hey look we will employ you and give
you insurance as a condition of your
employment
there's nothing then that that they're
not forbidding you from buying other
insurance right they're not saying you
can't buy this other policy you can
still buy that policy if you want or you
can just buy the birth control over the
counter for 30 bucks a month if you
really want to but there's there's
nothing there's no restrictive capacity
that the employer has over you deciding
where to get insurance from they may
offer I think you don't like but
nobody's forcing me to take it I don't
know if I necessarily agree with that
because if you if you have to buy
insurance right you're forced to in the
United States or you pay a penalty that
comes out to be I think it's averaged
out to what the average silver plan or
whatever on your exchange would be right
and also all the insurance riders on the
exchange those are
all federal programs right a lot of
those are private insurers that on that
fact on the on the exchange on the
public exchanges if you have to buy
insurance right and your employee offers
like some type of insurance I mean like
you have to buy something I I just I'm
really uncomfortable with this idea that
the companies are able to tell us that
we have to for it we're forced to
purchase insurance from them but they
can then like neg out on some things
that are so positive like and I don't
know there just seems really weird to me
that um that you could make that
argument I guess like I said I would
agree with you if we weren't forced to
buy insurance but since we're forced to
buy some type of insurance I don't feel
like they should get to pick and choose
what they offer but you just buy the
insurance that offers a better thing and
and the free market will then dictate
that whoever is offering the worst
services whoever is not offering birth
control for example if that is a product
and demand the free market will then
weed them out of competition and they
will not receive anybody signing up for
them this is not really how the free
market works here right there's huge
there's huge market failures in so far
as insurance goes this has been
demonstrated time and time again if you
look at the history the United States
when the biggest market failures
attached to insurance is the fact that
it's like inelastically tied into your
job into your employment this has been
one of the biggest failures of insurance
in like American history is the fact
they are tied to your employer to get
insurance like this is something that I
think should be dissuaded as much as
possible so the idea that somebody has a
job somewhere and can can throw in and
oftentimes you get cheaper insurance
with your job because you're pulled
together right if that insurance is
going to be restricted and now you're
forced to go by other insurance that you
can't really afford I don't I don't
agree that there's gonna be any type of
market pressure there to move people
into doing the right thing because
oftentimes people are always buying
insurance with their workplace like
before the ACA for instance how many
people bought private insurance it
didn't really happen unless you were
incredibly wealthy or self-employed
right you pretty much always bought your
work insurance because it was so much
cheaper because the market just fails
and insofar as providing medical
insurance yeah I suppose that's still
that's still true and and I would agree
with you that the ACA if you're arguing
the ACA is a problem then I would agree
with that I think the solution to a lot
of this stuff and where we could have a
little a better argument is more
principle would be with the repeal of
the ACA because then if you eliminate
that hurdle then you can have a totally
different discussion with area and more
than and again for like for market
principles I I kind of agree with you
but I think that even morally and
ethically I don't know if it would even
be these insurers that should be
doing things like this like restricting
access to burglar we can move on to like
those types of arguments if you want as
well for me personally I'm pro-life and
I'm very budget-conscious I think that
budgets should be balanced when possible
so anytime the state can save money and
we can reduce the number of abortions or
we can reduce the number of broken
families children born out of wedlock I
think that all of those things should be
advocated for and restricting birth
control to people seems to play against
every single one of those points like
demonstrably show like you could show
that like you study after state after
study so it just seems like a weird
stance to take well so the that's a good
good topic to get into is because I
think that we can also separate out the
financial benefits of birth control
which there may be I'm not going to
contest the idea that overall
subsidizing birth control may save the
state money I think that's probably true
but what can you see the save the state
even more money would be things like
forced sterilizations or mass abortion
so if we want to say that that saving
money is the only the only objective
here then I think we get into kind of a
tricky territory no I don't think so
philosophically we don't agree that
these are the same thing though
philosophically so I think I'm more in
the libertarian camp in terms of
philosophy goes we want as little
aggression against the individual as
possible right ready so when you talk
about forced sterilization this is a
highly philosophically aggressive act
could you save money on behalf of the
state by doing it yeah you could save
money on behalf of the state by doing a
lot of things that are very
philosophically aggressive towards an
individual giving somebody the access to
take contraception nobody's being
compelled to take it or force to take it
these two things are very dissimilar I
think right and that's again what I was
getting to is that there are there's a
difference between what is the most
fiscally conservative you could say that
it will save you the most money and what
is ethically and morally correct
although there is a level of force
required when you're saying that
insurance companies and employers have
to be forced to pay for these services
that in that they may not want to
because that implies there some kind of
punishment for them if they don't so
you're you're still you're just
transferring where the force is really
it's not an elimination of force to say
that we're requiring insurers to pay for
these things or requiring employers
maybe sheriff's but again I think I can
make a stronger argument for force on
the side of the insurance companies
because you're forcing me to buy it
right so like if I go on if I go March
on a public street and I say I should be
allowed to have freedom with feature
right I'm forcing you to put up with it
because all of our money goes towards
funding public areas and this is why we
have the right to demand that
you know free speech and all of this can
be advocated for here because we all pay
for it so again with the insurance
companies like UTEP the government is
telling me right now that every single
person in the United States has to buy
insurance if that's the case then fine
but all of you guys now are going to
have to offer what we all agree on as a
society is a baseline of services if
we're gonna be forced to buy from you if
it was all private and companies private
companies or whatever then you can all
do whatever you want but that's just not
the case anymore where we're being Mandy
I have to pay penalty at the end of the
year for not having insurance like not
right yeah I mean but I think that the
the ACA wrinkle is kind of a kind of a
red herring in this in this conversation
right because we're not talking about
what what should be done we're talking
within a very constrained manner about
the the limitations that are being
placed that you know it sounds like that
we don't even both agree with that what
with what the ACA does so you know I
have an issue with that of course the
ACA but anyway so let's talk more about
the the birth control itself let's talk
more about birth control as a product
now you mentioned on Twitter and a lot
of people have also mentioned on Twitter
that birth control is something that is
used by people not only to to act as a
contraceptive but also as a manner of
eliminating you know irregular periods
of you know controlling flow etc of acne
is another hormonal agent you know well
that it's true I think that there are
other alternatives that can be used
there that don't necessarily require
they don't require employers or
insurance companies to pay for and to
subsidize birth control which they still
may find morally objectionable so I
don't see birth control as the only
option in these cases and that's in fact
Barb's many options that work even
better than well but that's not true and
why does your opinion there matter like
birth control is well no no that's but
no that's not the medical community's
opinion right for PCOS for the
polycystic ovarian syndrome birth
control is the leading lead prescribed
thing for things like issues with
regular periods acne menstrual cramps
things like that birth control is the
leading prescribed thing like in the
medical community that's that is the
most often prescribed thing to deal with
these issues
so I mean you might think that there are
other ways to deal with it and that's
fine but that's not what the medical
community thinks why would why would
anybody adhere to the opinions of some
people with more
from on medical grounds that seems like
a strange well no there are side-effects
though there are our alternatives to
treat those things
the PCOS I agree with you the birth
control is the best way to treat it but
the other hormonal irregular
irregularities for example there are
other ways to treat that that don't have
the same side effects as birth control
birth control is associated with things
like weight gain its associated with
depression there are a lot of links that
that are not often publicized that birth
control can actually a very detrimental
health effect well so and everything is
publicized birth control is very heavily
studied in the US the idea that there
are secret side effects aren't
publicized is not true right no but it's
not talked about it's not it's not put
I'm sure it's talked about if you of
course if you're a woman and you go and
you talk to your OBGYN they're gonna
give you this is why there are different
types of birth controls available not
everybody is on oral contraceptives some
people get an IUD
some people go low hormone some people
this is why I kind of railed you when
you tweeted out that $9 generic crap and
you said look birth control only nine
dollars
birth control is very very unique to
every single woman this is why you have
a conversation with your caretaker and
you decide which birth control is best
for you oftentimes women will switch
between oral contraceptives one may not
work as well as another a generic brand
might not have the same in actives that
affect you in a different way that the
name brand will write there are tons of
different types of birth control are
there side effects to some of course but
these aren't secret and even though the
side effects exist doctors still are
leading recommending the birth controls
for things like PCOS and other types of
