you
you
all of that stuff
so he Hilmer kinda headhunted me out of
my previous job which was I was leading
investigations for the special
prosecutor's office in Iceland which was
set up to investigate the financial
crisis that shook Iceland in 2008 when
we basically lost all of our major banks
in one week yeah I was gonna ask her
that I didn't know how much you could
talk about that but um yeah that was um
so so your background is not gaming at
all but you were part of that special
counsel that was involved in those
investigations I guess like how in terms
of like all the types of datasets that
you could have available to you whether
it's like consumer behavior related to
bank stuff or or trading stuff or or any
other type of behavior model how did you
why Eve I guess because so I mean if we
start at the beginning when I when I did
my training which I actually did it in
the US I got a bachelor's degree in
something called security and
intelligence studies and the training
there which was basically all the these
were all ex-cia professors that were
sort of leading this study and they were
always talking about like the key thing
to understand complex human systems is
two things you need to understand the
the human incentives in the system and
and the second thing is you need to find
the 20% that move the 80% or otherwise
known as Pareto's law and this is
something that I have felt to be
extremely true when you're analyzing
complex systems you need to really
really take your time to prep to try to
figure out where the 20% the MU the 80%
so you don't waste your time on the rest
because in my experience that there is
always a 20% they move the 80% whether
that be the 20% of the players that you
know control the economy the 20% of the
players that are controlling the wars or
you know the 20% of whatever it is
moving the other 80% and the second
thing is understanding human incentives
if if a system like you know the
Icelandic banking system or the
international banking
and produces an outcome that is weird
like in the 2008 thing that started all
the the international financial crisis
which was the subprime mortgage debacle
I don't know how familiar you are with
that or how deep you want me to go into
that yes so hey go as deep as you want
I'm really familiar with it on the US
side of things I don't I don't know much
about it on the icelandic side of things
alright alright so I mean you're kind of
touching on my my deep nerd yeah go hard
on it go real hard I'm basically in the
US the problem was we had financial
institutions that connected
international investors into pools of
investments that were tied into risky
mortgages and then because of how
interconnected all of that was when the
mortgages went down it took down like
investment people like all around the
world like it impacted everybody because
of that connection that's my
understanding of like the US side of it
what was what was going with the
icelandic side of things yeah absolutely
and i want to elaborate a little bit
more on that because what had happened
is that a healthy incentives had been
basically disentangled so they took
mortgage mortgage loans which had always
had a triple-a lending or credit score
and they rebounded them into these
subprime mortgage packages which they
then resold to insurance companies or n
banks because then they had a triple-a
rating which is means that a insurance
company that can only invest in triple-a
rated products they could then get a lot
of these investment vehicles but what
happened is that they at the floor at
the ground level in a in a local banks
that were making these loans that were
actually lending to people who are
actually buying houses they all of a
sudden had this weird incentive to lend
more because it it all of a sudden
wasn't their job to make sure the loan
was paid because that was now you know
somebody else's problem so their
incentive all of sudden becomes I need
to loan out as much money as I can
because then I can sell those loans to
these investment vehicles which meant
that all of a sudden in in many states
across the u.s. you know particularly
states like Florida which were really
bad
badly hit huh no some average Joe with
really low income all of a sudden could
get a mortgage loan to buy you know in
entire apartment buildings the most
ridiculous story I heard was when a
Mexican immigrant who was a cleaning
lady she had bought eleven apartment
buildings with with subprime you know
with loans because basically the
incentive was broken yeah yes this was a
we call these Nina loans so you had no
income verification no asset
verification you could walk into a bank
yeah because the incentives for the bank
they didn't care if the loan went under
or not they just packaged it and sold it
downstream yeah absolutely and so the
the fallout from this so when when this
system crumbles when when the top layer
in the chain realizes okay actually
these aren't triple-a rated products
because they have been loaning these to
people who probably aren't gonna be able
to pay them back that cost like a domino
effect where people like okay these are
actually not as valuable as we thought
we're gonna need to deep prioritize more
the risk they're more and and that
caused a domino effect which led to
credit in international markets to dry
up really really fast and this is what
the Icelandic banking system had to a
degree been sort of using to fuel its
growth abroad so at the time we had
three major Icelandic banks which were
all international and the scope of them
was that they had become 14 times the
size of our economy combined and these
three banks all collapsed was the face
of a week was all of this growth like
what I say precipitated by the the crash
like was it like in the ten years
leading up these all Grob massively
because they were making money off of
these types of loans or or were they
just they were just huge banks because
they'd always been huge compared to the
size of your car no they they had grown
tremendously like they've doubled in
size every few months for a few years
gotcha and one of the main reasons for
that was that they were had access to
really cheap international credit gotcha
and when that credit dried up due to the
subprime mortgage loan crisis that start
in the US our banks specifically two out
of our three banks were so massively
leveraged that they just crashed
immediately and and kind of took down a
third bank with them and so what came
out of that is that the Icelandic
government I mean people were super mad
and Iceland naturally because this
crossed our Crona or Icelandic courtesy
or is to crash massively devaluing like
80 percent in in a couple of weeks and
and the housing market collapsed and and
all of these problems that that - like
really big socio-economic problems for
our tiny country so the country I mean
Icelanders were angry the government was
like we you know we need to figure out
what happened and then all these
evidence or or at least indications of
potential market manipulation started to
to come out off of these crashes and
that's when the government decided to
settle but this task force called the
special prosecutor's office and that is
where I was working when when hill much
found me and then how many two ccp how
many other people were working on that
project on that assignment i guess i'm
the special counsel it's like 100 150
people or something like that okay it's
biggest tying that into the gaming thing
i'm really curious and i don't know if
the culture and iceland is maybe
different than in the US but like in a
lot of the western world games are still
kind of like seeing is like kind of a
joke thing like you don't feel fun in
there for kids or maybe grown men that
need to grow up or whatever did you feel
did it feel strange to go working to go
from working for something that's as
important and with so much gravity like
that like a global financial crisis to
go from working on that to like video
game related stuff did that impact you
at all mentally did it feel like the
work was less important or do you see it
differently or did people around you see
you differently yeah that's a really
good question definitely on yes on all
counts so for example my my mom and dad
when i when i told them that i had left
the special prosecutor's office which
was a job that they were really proud
that I had and they understood really
clearly you know why I was doing it
because we were trying to make sure
stuff like this wouldn't happen again in
Iceland and when I told them that I'd
left that job to join you know CCP a
video game company they they absolutely
did not understand you know I
and they're just like why and they asked
me like why for four weeks and then I
invited them to the CCP offices in
Iceland which are really nice we take
really good care of our employees so
there's like you know like like most
gaming companies have you know they have
like game rooms and and like giant fish
tanks and this type of stuff and my my
parents walk through it and at the end
of the tour my dad hadn't said a word he
was like you know what this reminds me
of this reminds me of when I took you to
Disneyland and so I was like I was like
his way of saying like okay I get why he
left you know the special prosecutor's
office but for me personally the first
project I worked on was we had we had
developed our massive we had developed
like a underground economy related to
gambling I was becoming a problem in the
game and that the player community was
increasingly pushing us to do something
about and I was basically I was very
relevant to the job that I've been done
before because it meant like you had to
trace you know follow the money
understand what was happening and when
you say would you say gambling so my own
is saying when I played Eve was there
were these like third-party websites
that you could send it to and gamble -
are you talking about these types of
sites yeah exactly that's exactly what's
happening so basically you were playing
in the game I you know you could join
find a corporation and even and give
them cash deposit cash to them and then
they would deposit that cash as credit
in these third party gambling websites
and then you could go there play and if
you would win something you would you
would send a a a banker in that Corp
that you wanted a payout and then they
had like a delivery service where they
would deliver your ship for a score
whatever it was depending on where you
were gambling with and and this sort of
slowly grew until it was had reached the
size where the where the gambling Corp
at the time was was becoming the richest
players in the game and they were
starting in France they came and and of
course this wasn't fair because they
were you they were becoming rich using
mechanism that wasn't accessible to
other players so so we were looking into
this but but anyways - not that I do -
just curious at the time so Eve has kind
of an interesting
position on scamming where as like a lot
of games if you scan people in-game it's
bad usually get banned for it but in eve
or at least up until I left you were
actively maybe not encouraged to scam
people but it was a big part of the
community in terms of like depositing
cash outside of the game to like win is
prizes is this something that's like
explicitly against your Terms of Service
or was it a gray area or how did you
guys view that at the time I mean
gambling is just prohibited in the EULA
and scamming is is fine by us
I mean we for us is just like we create
a socio-economic system or we create a
world with resources and you know what
what you guys want to do with that world
is between you guys so if you know
destiny gives Triax a contract for
something and then he bails on it that's
not our problem and we that's not how we
do it it's not our job to then come in
and punish you unless that's scamming
involves you know you're breaking
something you're like using buffs or
you're using on you know elicited
third-party licenses or applications or
or you did something you know that was
outside of that then we would interfere
okay and and but but to get back to your
question because you were asking me like
how yeah I felt moving between jobs
after after I did that job which which
was super interesting I didn't feel a
sense of purpose and kind of doing this
and and I went to Hilmer and and my boss
at the time our previous executive
producer Segal and I told them like hey
I'm not sure I have a strong purpose
working for a gaming company and I was
actually thinking about leaving and then
they both told me the same thing they
were like oh hold on wait for FanFest
like don't make a decision before fan
fest and fan fest is a yearly festival
that we have in iceland where all the
major players and then the hardcore fans
fly to iceland and they have like a like
a four-day weekend together and it's
like a super big party and and I had
heard about fan fest I mean everybody in
Iceland has it's just a huge thing here
so I was like okay fan fest was a couple
of months away and I like I'll give this
a couple of
but I don't understand why you know a
party would change my mind but then I
went to fan fest and I met the veteran
community and the community of the game
and when they were telling me about Eve
it was like they were talking about
their infant son it was so important to
them and they glowed when they were
talking about their experience and and
friends they made them and and I was
like I've never experienced anything
like this in a video game what is going
on here there's something here that I'm
missing and after four days of spending
time with these people I was like these
people are experiencing something
amazing something that's incredibly
important to their lives and I don't get
it and and whatever I will contribute to
this world of EVE Online is can have a
tremendous impact and consequences for
the lives of these couple hundred
thousand people that you know populate
our socio-economic system so there I've
started to find my you know my purpose
for working for Eve and that actually
led to a long term research which was
understanding why people seem to develop
such massively strong bonds in the game
and create such deep meaningful
friendships and and today that has
become absolutely my purpose in the game
is to contribute to that because in a
time where loneliness is you know an
epidemic basically 40% of all people 16
to 27 years old say they're lonely and
30% in the age groups above Eve seems to
offer something which is like tangible
meaningful connections and that's what
I've that's that's where I found my
purpose and moving between these very
different areas okay that's cool
what am yeah what um so the the what I
was most familiar with was apparently
you were involved a lot in helping
onboard like new players like the new
player experience is something that you
worked on a lot for Eve yeah I'm kind of
curious oh yeah you go ahead no I was
gonna say that became my second brought
to the gambling one I Iran and the Iran
revamped MP attempt for
for about a year gotcha for the gambling
think too I guess too close on that you
guys ended up like did that was that
Corp and all the people involved band I
know that gambling is like a legal in
gaming now I think right yeah yeah the
company and after extensively looking
into what that might do to the game the
community the people involved we decided
that we just needed to ban this because
this was creating very very unhealthy
behavior in a lot of areas in the game
and creating actual victims like in real
life victims to do to gambling stuff um
for the new player stuff what do you
guys what kind of like data do you
collect to find out like if something is
working or not working like how do how
do you even begin to figure out like
let's say that you can see like players
on average or you know 50% of players
leave after one week of gameplay how do
you figure out like how does a player
like that why would they leave why would
they stay like what's going on what kind
of data to collect for that yeah that's
a good question so what I've learned the
hard way absolutely though I I was
definitely too arrogant to realize this
when I joined the company is the best
way to understand why something is
working the way it's working an EVE
Online because it's so complex and there
are so many options and there's so much
data so much noise is to start to cop a
contact and talk with the community and
see if I'm CCP has something set up
which is called the CSM or the Council
of stellar management where the player
community elects their leaders or their
representatives to the company for the
player community so those are like
eleven people that we fly out to Iceland
a couple of times a year and I can talk
to those guys we have I've developed a
now since I've been in this for a few
years I've developed really strong
relationships with people in the nuclear
community people and all these different
communities that we have in EVE and I
usually start by talking to them so when
we were doing the MPI I asked you know
like brave newbies karma fleet all these
big corpse that specialize in working
with new players and and onboarding them
to the game I was like what what is
needed what is the struggle here how our
new players dealing with the current MP
what do we need to fix why and so I
actually did a lot of
just data gathering I guess like that
and they pointed me out to like look at
this this this you know people are
struggled by the complexity of the game
you know the more you can use that
that's better you need to connect them
eventually with the player community
help them find the core stuff like this
so that became that kind of targeted
where we what type of data we would look
at okay and what would like some of the
big conclusions are you kind of drew
from that like that like what are the
things that keep new players from
staying in the game and I guess how how
did you try to alleviate those problems
or have you are you still implementing
stuff for it or I mean I I left the the
new player experience about a year in
which which is actually a decision I
regret I think that was a mistake but
when I left it I mean and sort of my
impact on it was that we decided that
the first two hours in EVE are the most
difficult so we wanted to try to make
that experience really positive and it
wouldn't be too difficult for you
so we actually decided to try something
that we had never tried before with E
which was giving you like a linear
cinematic experience for the first
couple of hours when we teach you the
basic stuff in the game and we connect
you to the main systems in the game so
we actually had like a choreographed
battle that you could end up
participating in where like you would
see like where we basically created this
massive fleet battle for you which is
kind of the end game for a lot of
players we those are the best party
names but but we simulated it and and
that definitely was a huge success we
reached out to all the major MP corpse
after this we had a third party company
- analysis of how we did and when it
comes to like being enjoyable like in
the first couple hours that was
definitely a huge success but the
problem was I didn't link to anything it
kind of dropped you off after it another
problem that a lot of these players
complained about was that it was too
linear and too rigid that there wasn't
an option to sort of leave it and and it
didn't sort of give you the freedom
which is the room the mainstay of our
game is like you have a lot of do a lot
of stuff
and it kind of kept that freedom away
from you for the first couple of hours
so those are like not maybe mistakes but
like learning points that I would have
loved to then you know move on to and
continue iterating on on that MP that we
created which was called inception so I
mean and and there was it was really fun
it was fun understanding like why new
players managed to stick around in the
game a huge part of that is a certain
type of players really really like Eve
and managed to they managed to really
easily go through our initial steps and
those are like resilient players or
people with resilient character traits
also people that know other people in
the game that kept them through the
initial steps these players usually
really rapidly start to enjoy our game
and people that like like puzzles are
like a challenge they're like the
massive freedom that the game offers we
don't have any problems with those type
of people they they swimmingly go
through everything but with like more
casual gamers that are maybe just gonna
relax a little bit and fly a beautiful
spaceship that's the that's definitely
the sort of target group that we need to
cater more to when we're when we're
building new MP stuff have you guys
revamped any of the PvE content I think
when I was there the the height of what
PvE offered was like incursions which
were still kind of not the most exciting
thing to do yeah I mean there's a lot of
content in EVE a lot I mean it's like 15
years of content and depending on what
you like there's no shortage of content
we recently created very high end PvE
content which which you were calling
abyssal dead space and we've introduced
a new race into Eve which is like these
mysterious try gradients that are coming
from between these space pockets and the
player community right now is trying to
figure out who they are and whatever
agenda of driving them and around them
we have developed a lot of new really
good PvE content that is increasingly
is increasingly accessible to also new
players gotcha
this is kind of something that I noticed
I guess as a streamer have you ever
thought about like the kind of like the
observer interface for the game like it
seems to me that like the idea like if I
describe like a certain type of EVE
battle like ships you know trying to
dodge
you know sentry drones while they get
closer to other ships to either get in
weight range to like you know web them
or tackle them and find like that the
descriptions of these fight sounds you
know in my opinion I think it sounds
exciting
like it sounds like it like you're
describing any other type of space
battle but if you try to show somebody
this thing like if you look at it on the
screen it's usually like a bunch of
little boxes going around have you guys
ever thought about trying to make it
more interesting for like an observer
point of view is that ever been like on
your list of stuff to do
oh absolutely absolutely I mean this is
something that I know a few game centers
the company are really interested in and
I would like to revamp and maybe and
that's something that I'm less involved
in with the company that this is more
game design but yeah but on a related
note I I did a researching problem that
and if fun because I didn't understand
it because I like I've never kind of
reached his massive levels when I play
the game and when I was talking to
players they were like describing combat
shakes like you know like you get from
actual combat where they're like
physically shaking and then the nerves
will activate enough to come and I was
like like this is really really they're
describing really heavy emotional
experience and I was like I wonder what
this is so I did like a six month study
where I talked to so many players
I observed combats I watched people
physically when they were going through
combats and I was trying to figure out
what this was and and my conclusion I
mean this this is probably far from
being the only and the correct
conclusion but my conclusion to this was
that the reason combats and Eve are so
massively exciting and such deep
emotional moments for players is they
start planning them days weeks and
sometimes months in advance where
they're where they have like legit
logistical operations to teach ik
they're pulling the right people
together they're fitting their ship
they've given this a lot of thought and
when and this sort of slowly rises to
these pinnacle events which are these
PvP Fleet combats that they have and
then those are really like strategic
moments where you need to you're less
reliant on your like lizard brain where
it's like really fast reflexes and just
muscle memory and much more reliant on
like understanding like okay what is the
velocity time what is the speed what
type of ships do I have here what type
of fitting do I have in my feeds where
where are my wings you know positions
stuff like this and that type of
strategic role is really big but when
they have a losses and this is what kind
of separates Eve from a lot of games is
our player community always says that
the loss is real and what they mean by
that is you know like let's say you've
built a Titan it takes you six months to
build a Titan and Eve and if you lose
that in combat the experience is like I
can't reload or respawn this Titan I
just lost six months of my life like I
really really there's there's a lot to
gain and there's a lot to lose here
which means that the experience is
really really immersive and this is this
is some of the magic that we that we
find in our combat situations which is I
think really no other games compared to
it actually yeah I agree I think there
there have been a couple that I can kind
of think of but in terms of doing it
like on like the grand community level
it definitely seems like he was pretty
unique there what what exactly you're
working on right now or I mean with as
much detail as you can say but like
what's your current thing that you look
at as part of a CCP employee I mean my
main thing right now has been the
friendship machine which is
understanding better how our
relationships are formed in the game and
why and and what makes them meaningful
and and how they form stuff like this
and my second big project has been to
I'm trying to grasp the the economy are
you know the and that that actually is
pretty close to a lot of the previous
work that I did
it which is just understanding you know
economic principles how money flows and
why and and stuff like that that's been
super fun we're trying to map out the
economy where the analytics team is
creating much better tools to monitor
and understand the economy and again
just like in this as anything else that
I've undertaken here I started by
talking to the player community and it
turned out like they had excellent tools
to monitor the economy to understand the
data they had excellent knowledge of
what was happening in my and and like
there are so many incredibly smart
people playing our game which have like
college degrees in in exactly this type
of stuff and they just excel at like
understanding like where are market
opportunities arising if we manage to
get more of these modules to the market
we can gain a lot of our cash money you
know opportunities if we can close off
these supply lines that means that we
are you know this part which is very
important for the upcoming war and and
all of this stuff which is fascinating
to to monitor that this is the part of
that I love about job uh-huh well I'm
did you so coming from an economics
background where you have like like am i
guessing like a pretty good real-world
understanding of economic systems was
there anything that you saw any Eve that
like surprised you that we're players
were either being more intelligent than
you expected them to be or or we're
doing something really stupid like
trying to solve a problem that already
been solved like oh man that was my
that's my question dude I was so I was
so waiting for you to like it's like
good question in every single case that
I looked at the players have been
smarter than I thought and steps ahead
of where I guess that they would be or
or more sophisticated than I thought and
often actually you know even more
sophisticated than what I saw in the
real world
I'm curious can you give like an not to
be too soon but do you have like an
example in hand where there's like some
really complicated economic problem that
you were surprised at players that
actually solve can you think of anything
particular not to put you on the spot
too much no ellicott information I don't
want to share
something that's maybe like secrets ways
because because players trust me when
they're talking to me and and I don't
want to share them like maybe this is
their playstyle and that oh sure sure
yeah like this is the best way to make
money and even then everybody does it
yeah I go on and share it in this show
and everybody's like oh we should do
that I'm sure scumbag destiny wants to
get back in there and get the early
access pro tips to get you the best way
okay okay I mean I can tell you a really
famous example which I think kind of
matches your question which is a really
old example and this is known today like
when we originally designed the if back
in like 2003 and I was coming out we had
calculated like everything with like
what the yield was where resources were
how you could mind them how many trips
it would take you to mine an asteroid
and from this we balanced the ships and
all the mining lasers and everything and
then we open up the game and we you know
unlock this resource system that we've
balanced everything for and in like week
three our players figure out that you
can jettison a can and like you can mine
in two cans and like jettison them into
space and another players can come and
pick them up which means that the miners
don't need to be flying round trips this
is something that nobody at CCP you know
anticipated or foresaw and and at this
at that single moment they broke all the
calculations we had for all the balance
and everything and from that moment it
was like I wonder what the players are
gonna do next and that is kind of in the
game you know we is some feature into
the game but we expect like this would
be used a B and C and that's that's how
they can use it and that's how we can
balance and that's what we can expect
and then the players show up and they do
a B and C and then they figure out D and
then they figure on e I will like holy
crap like we didn't realize this would
happen and that still happens like every
like every month I hear an example were
like oh that's not what we anticipated
would happen I'm gonna carry in terms of
like design philosophy every company has
like a different way to approach these
types of things were some companies if
players are doing something that they
consider like exploitative or outside
what they originally intended a mechanic
for they'll aggressively patch it to get
rid of it so like Lee right for example
does this if anything falls outside of
what they
vision they will aggressively you know
try to patch it away are you guys like a
little bit more let players do what they
want or do you try to like clear up
things you consider too egregious how do
you how do you decide like what's okay
and what has to go I mean I think I
think CCP is more probably more likely
safe air than most gaming companies in
this regard for example like when when
the company realized about the the
jettisoned cans I mean the safest answer
would have been we were just banded and
then all of our balance calculations and
everything would have stuck but but at
the time was like this is super cool
this is offering this is inviting more
complex gameplay than we had designed
for this is creating really interesting
conflicts and you know let's roll with
the punches let's see what happens and I
think that is usually the that's usually
the way we approach things when when
players start doing something but we're
not sure what what they mean you know
like like when gambling evolved we
didn't shut it down immediately because
we you know we we weren't sure what this
meant but then we started seeing that it
was actually causing a lot of problems
and making people's lives miserable and
creating unfair advantages in the game
and that's why we decided we need to
stop it and to step in and do something
well when players like take new
spaceship that was designed to do a and
they do see and deal with it and create
an advantage through that we never we
never even considered like okay we need
to be need to stop this sure do you ever
work with them do you ever work with
like other companies would like some of
your findings like do you ever see for
instance like Blizzard or somebody else
trying to solve or tackle a problem that
you guys feel like you've got a good
handle on and then you go to those
companies you kind of like share your
findings or does everything stay pretty
internal to your own company oh no
absolutely we we work with other company
you know we have a piece of working
relationships with where we share
knowledge and experience with them and
they share well with us I mean just just
a couple of weeks ago we had a group
over from Jagex that do runescape and it
was basically like a friendship journey
where we were sharing experiences and
they were telling us
this is what happens to our players and
we're like holy holy cow like that's
that's what happens to our players ruin
scam shames knowing knowing runescape
and having been a long time player of a
runescape and then having put like a
pretty significant chunk of time into
Eve that doesn't surprise me those two
games have pretty similar especially we
like the grand exchange I don't know if
they've changed it a lot but the way
that all of the market games and
everything would work and a lot of the
unattended stuff that happens in
runescape would remind me of stuff that
could happen in EVE yeah yeah definitely
definitely and and and it's always super
useful talking to those guys they've
helped us out a lot and I hope we've
been useful for them too
war gaming is a way too much gaming
you're making every sec wargaming war
gaming okay I gotcha yeah and so
definitely we we and and I mean now for
example Riot Games has a lot of access
appears so I think I mean I don't know
if this is just standard in the industry
but there is always good feedback I
think between studios if you know we can
have a good dialogue on like how do i
improve our games nice actually if I
can't hear so earlier proppy do you have
a that you did you have a big thing for
behavioral science and I kinda have like
a pretty cool psychology question in
that I'd love to know more about like
the observed behavior of gamers within
the EVE universe like when you went in
efforts with the new job opportunity at
CCP did you um did you do you find that
there is there like gamer exclusive
behavior where like you expected I don't
know like you know like how humans
behave in private most possible
scenarios but like do you find or
something that happens that occurs and
Eve that you find is not directly
comparable to IRL like gamer exclusive
behavior it's not really a thing or not
really the first thing that comes to
mind is so this is one of the things
that surprised me the most studying our
players and how they behave is we sent
out a survey where we asked our players
to self described like what type of
gamer are you and like eleven thousand
of our players or something answered
and I asked around in house I was like
what type of gamers do you think is
gonna be the prominent gamer and almost
everybody said you know the ruthless to
combat the aggressive players because
that's kind of what our game is known
for but the highest by a margin was
people that said I'm a helper that self
described themselves as helpers and it
was way higher than the other two way
higher than explorers or tycoons or
industrialists or anything like that and
I was like what like this doesn't fit
kinda with the image that we have and
this doesn't fit with and I was like I
wonder this should be represented in the
game and I was wondering if I can see
more of the fingerprints of these
helpers in the game and I started
looking more of them it turns out that
the helpers have the highest retention
ratios as well and they're most active
and so they're also like you know really
valuable customers and really good
customers and when I when I started
looking at them more it turns out that
because Eve is ruthless because in Eve
you can scam and you can destroy
somebody's you know last three months
work yeah it also creates really really
strong opportunities to to be helpful
and there's probably very few games
where where your help is more valuable
than any I mean if you show up and you
really help somebody and Eve you know
somebody's just recently been suicide
ganked or or lost his Corp or or you
know lost his sovereign territory or
something and you show up and help him
that person is gonna really really
appreciate your help because he
understands like you were actually
giving him back a couple of weeks of his
life and and that's why it seems that
our game for in our game helpers
actually flourish and they're attracted
to the game and this is something I
didn't realize and and to come back to
answer your question tracks is what I
found out is that even though there's
like these epic stories of like people
having grudges for years and even and
planning vengeance and creating spy
networks which takes like eight months
to build that all happens or what I've
kind of seen is when I've been looking
at the aftermath of this is that you
know people get really serious in their
character build up but they are also
really appreciate
sort of the bomb that's being built and
and when they meet at fan fest for
example like we've never had like you
know like groups fighting or something
because they realize that like this is
you know we're all in the same team you
all love the same game we're all living
in the same universe and we're friends
another to that degree I think actually
our gamers are like better or more
altruistic or or something than than in
the real world because you wouldn't you
you know somebody that would scam you in
the real world you wouldn't show up to
fan fest and just have beers with them
right even though the stakes are really
high in both occasions so I kind of
liked seeing that my experience has been
that gamers almost every gamer that I've
met and like the vast majority of Eman
and I see this in our service there are
really good people and and and they're
primarily concerned with like you know
with with just just being nice to others
I don't know if I can phrase it if I
need to phrase it more complicated than
that
yeah III completely get it you know the
online gamer is particularly um you know
oftentimes have stronger friendships
than your next-door neighbor you know
like how well does the neighbor ex
neighbor really know each other in the
IRL realm compared to like online where
your friendship there can just like I
don't know develop in a super
concentrated way for you know months if
not years on in so I've seen it I've
seen it in WoW and I come definitely
sure it's like super strong and Eve as
well yep this is absolutely what I
learned this wall because I didn't
realize that you could because
unfortunately I have not built
relationships of this stuff that I saw
him a game so I didn't understand it but
but I've seen a time and time again that
people build relationships that are the
most meaningful relationships that they
have in their lives there's a really
beautiful story actually a couple of
weeks ago from a World of Warcraft
player who passed away and his father
was shocked when when his funeral was
that like loads of people showed up to
his funeral who who were friends online
and
like hope to take care of the funeral
and were there for the family and like
he had no idea who all these people were
and then he learned about the Second
Life that his kid had had where he was
like a leader and then and he was like a
really important person for a lot of
people and this these are the beautiful
stories that they you know you get to
see and even witness firsthand when you
when you're in a gaming company is
awesome oh my god
look can I ask you actually one more
thing I don't think we have actually
caught word here deep like what was your
gaming experience prior to being on it
CCPD like I'm wondering me to hop into
the entire and gaming ecosystem line or
did you have like some gaming experience
prior that maybe made it feel a little
less frigid to hop into the hop and the
fray yeah can you give me a chance to
talk to her
do I ask to fall Oh April first already
passed boy bit wee bit of chill bit of
chill okay are you being heckled tracks
yeah I'm trying I'm trying to be
relevant because I don't have much to go
off of here mister I get what go for it
alright so my gaming experience I'm an
RTS guy that's those are my favorite
games multi favorite game is Red Alert
one and world Warcraft to leave the old
school 90s games I was a liar so hell
yeah yeah me and my group of friends we
have this yearly tradition where we go
out to a summer house in Iceland and we
do like a four-day land where we where
we play games together and that's like
one of my high points of the year and
and like in the three to four months
leading up to that there is always like
seriously beta but like what are the
best games in the market right now and
we we test play each game and we try to
figure out like how do we best spend our
time at the LAN so like that's that's
where things get serious for me when it
comes to gaming what did you have there
last year there's
an important question so the best game
we've ever had this is an eighth person
land so so we meet and we need to play
games that support eight people the best
experience we've had you know during the
seven or eight years we've done this was
when we played the forest the forest is
a survival game where you like crash on
an island mm-hmm and none of us had
played it before so we knew nothing
about the game so we just all landed on
that island and we just thought it was a
regular survival game we didn't know
anything about the game okay and then
once we had made like a very basic
shelter we're like all right we're
surviving the night all these cannibals
show up which we didn't know was a part
of the game and we were super like
freaked about it and then it turns out
that there's like a massive mystery
storyline built into the survival game
so so we played it for like 19 hours
straight and it was awesome
and the biggest game last year was mark
the survival game as well and we decided
to try that one because the forest
survival game was so awesome but we
ended up hating how slow the progression
was so we bought our own server and we
accelerate the progression like a
hundred time fault uh-huh then it became
really interesting that sounds really
cool awesome for first stuff related to
Eve no okay this is so we talked a
little bit before the show about like
things we can talk about handling about
so I'm going to this is a really hard
question and if you don't feel covered
we'll talk about it that's fine Eve is
obviously notorious for filling all of
your free time if you spend like time
like in corporations especially if
you're in any type of leadership or
logistics role you can sing easily a
hundred hours a week into it without it
without even a second thought you can
spend every waking moment doing this
stuff do you guys ever worry about or do
you ever have talks internally about
problems where players might be spending
a little bit too much time in EVE is
this something you guys are concerned
with or is it not a huge problem for
your findings so I mean we've done a lot
actually to try to combat this recent in
recent years for example we're building
something called the companion app now
which is supposed to help you more cash
engage with the game so so that you can
for example take care of logistics and
stuff like this like preparation work I
can do that on your phone when you're on
the go so when you show up to the
computer that can be more specifically
targeted to you know your actual
gameplay of being in a fleet or building
a station or whatever you're doing so
we're definitely we're definitely
answering or trying to at least answer
sort of requests for this when it comes
to like worrying about players playing
too much I mean anytime because players
do reach out when when they've when
they've like feel like they're there
you know they've become addicted or
there or they're playing too much or
something and they ask us to help them
deal with it
to put limits on their accounts and
stuff and we respond to requests like
that absolutely but actually this I mean
I actually did a little research on this
this is a big of a problem as I thought
and a lot of veterans maybe if you
exclude like fleet commanders which is a
very specific really demanding role in
EVE which is only I think reserved for
the for the elite elite players but but
most of our veterans that have played
the game for a couple of years they've
developed a methods where it's not like
I have to sit at the computer for eight
hours a day to be relevant in this game
where they're more like casually playing
the game or or even like you know
there's a thing called Netflix and Eve
Netflix and mining where they do stuff
like this and you know they only kind of
engage really massively with it when
they're when they're doing something
with or against other people yes so you
can you can definitely you can customize
you know based on how much time you have
to play I mean if you realize you only
have you know an hour a day you can
definitely have a meaningful impactful
experience and Eve even even though
that's your limit we've we have plenty
of cases of of career paths like that in
the in the game ooh
actually I have a pretty dope question
here so um from what I understand and of
the Eve player base like the there's
there's no one's really a casual
everyone's very
very savvy and very you know emotionally
intertwined to the game at an on deeper
scale so like do you find looks like
comparatively Isis here's another
example your comparatively like and in
league of legends either the bottom 50%
of players are all quote unquote bronze
trash and they're not not very into of
the game and everything like that or
they just started or spat the game do
you find that your your curve of skilled
players where like you know the like
even the most casual and Eve is probably
proportionally way more savvy than the
casual in another another popular game
do you find that's a good thing or is
that like not really a legitimate metric
to measure i I would not say that you
know you have to be hardcore to play
that's absolutely I don't I don't think
that's the truth but I
you're probably right I don't know the
number I haven't seen the numbers for
other companies on this that that the
average Eve players probably probably a
little bit more hardcore engaged than
the average you know player in most
other games the benefits of that is that
I this is one of the reasons we have a
very loyal air community which has like
really deep ties I mean we've had the
game for fifteen years and we have a
surprisingly large amount of players
that are played it for more than ten
years like it's it's a huge amount so so
Eve you know becomes I think a bigger
part of a bigger part of the lives of a
bigger part of our players than maybe
most other games but I I wouldn't say
that that's like the only way to play
the game or like you have to what do you
consider right now are some of the some
of the biggest hurdles that you guys
need to overcome like what do you look
what are the biggest problems you're
trying to solve going forward um that
you can talk about yeah I mean I mean
we're still dealing with what I was
talking about what the complexity like
for the average casual gamer you know
that may become hardcore once he's
invested in the game or once
you find something that I really loves
but but entering the game and if he's
just willing to like you know many
average casual gamers today when they're
looking at a new game they may only give
it like 15 minutes when they're just
testing it out and if they don't realize
if they don't find anything they like in
15 minutes they leave and that's just
not gonna cut it with Eve you know doing
it for 15 minutes isn't really gonna
you're never going to experience what is
awesome about the game in 15 minutes
but it's not like you need 15 hours or
15 days either just a couple of hours
especially if you start early - to reach
out to other players or try to mess with
other players or play with other players
you're gonna really really quickly see
why this game is awesome but I would
love to if we could lower sort of the
entry barrier where if you just more
rapidly realize why and how this game is
awesome but then we're sort of running
up against 15 years of content that we
have in the game which is kind of like
the complexity level that we're dealing
with uh-huh gotcha I remember that for
me playing the the two most I think the
number one barrier to entry I guess for
combat related stuff is knowing all of
the ships was like so important like
because you don't know if it's a drone
boat or if it's like a frigate or if
it's like a carrier like somebody might
see Arcon and think that oh maybe that's
like a like yeah like a small ship
that's playing around and not really
know but that could be that was like a
big barrier to entry and then people
that used the stock overlays were
absolutely roasted you could get kicked
out of fleets for that if somebody if a
fleet commander found out that you
didn't have like a custom overlay
you can't like kicked out immediately
for that kind of stuff when you were
playing did we not have the street not
have the way we could there's a thing
called in the game today called the ship
tree where you can visually see all the
ship categories in the game and and how
they're sort of located in position did
you not have that when you were playing
um yeah I think so you're talking about
like the menu that you would bring up it
would show like tier one like frigates
or whatever yeah you had that I guess I
was more talking like when you're in the
field like seeing like if you would see
like like a Proteus flying like you
wouldn't know immediately like Oh
Proteus is that like a little frigate
that I could easily blast or is that
like a big
like a super carrier yeah yeah I was
just hard to know that stuff and then
yeah but um yeah I mean that's that's
part of the learning curve but I mean
when you're initially trying out the
game you know you can always go menu and
usually the pace of the game is it like
you know you see him and you have three
seconds to respond it's usually you have
a little bit more leeway where you can
like okay you know should I should I
move away or move towards this ship you
know and then then you don't you know
you're right clicky to show in four
you're like okay this is the type of
player this is the type of ship and then
if you know if you want you could
relatively quickly find the info you
need and that is definitely part of the
appeal that players talk about is that
after a couple of these encounters where
they're trying to put together like you
know what is this what is this about
what type of ship is is they start
experiencing this really strong mastery
but it's like wow I'm really rapidly
moving towards understanding this and
and when and each engagement is giving
me my like new strategic puzzles that I
can place and and they start really
experiencing this you know this
strategic mastery progression curve and
and which which then you can follow for
10 years because it's like you can you
can always go deeper rabbit hole that's
what Eve definitely excels in is that
once once you commit it to it and once
you like playing it you there's like
endless ways to go and there's endless
extra knowledge to take in yeah for sure
do you find that um players do you try
to push people towards like larger group
play styles or do you think that like in
terms of player retention is it more
likely if you join like a larger kind of
group so either a larger court or a
larger alliance that you're more likely
to stand around than players that kind
of do their own thing like I don't even
know what you would do is there anything
like mining or trading or Jayenge or
something like do you have a positional
manatee yeah yeah it's a really good
question and actually just really
recently we looked into the tension
numbers for different sizes of corpse
what is really really clear and Eve is
that as soon as you
connect with other players be it you
know you you fly in a fleet with them
you know killing NPCs together you start
a Corp you start chatting with somebody
like as soon as you do that you know
your attention ratios go up people like
the game better they become more
satisfied with it
and they stick around for longer and
then we looked at like does it matter if
it's a it's a two-man Corp three-man
Corp 50 men Corp hundred men two hundred
men Corp and actually the retention
ratios are really similar from one man
Corp to a 90 person Corp but as soon as
it passes 90 the retention drops about
20 percent like Anna in a single swoop
so that's there seems to be some upper
limit there but it the interesting thing
is that it doesn't happen to corpse that
are a part of alliances and I had no
idea why this would so I asked that
Easter damn which was which is a FanFest
killing we had in Amsterdam from a
couple of months ago or last month and I
asked them I just showed this on States
and I was like can you help me figure
out why the drop happens at 90 and why
it doesn't happen at 94 alliances and
they the way they explained it
we looked into a little bit I think
that's correct
is that if you're controlling a 90
person group as soon as you pass this
this number roughly 90 it becomes really
difficult to remember like everybody's
names to understand like what
everybody's doing and just it becomes
really difficult for leadership to
control unit that is large in them and
then on the flip side for the individual
that's a part of the group you feel less
meaningful and less important to the
group you know that the bigger the group
is yeah and it seems that when the group
passes 90 the individual in the group
starts to feel like okay now I'm not
just a part of you know almost 100 corp
but when are they a part of an alliance
the Alliance shares the leadership so
there's more people to answer questions
and more people to guide you and it
seems that I can scale better with a
couple of ninety you know person corpse
together than if it's only a single 90
person yeah it makes sense actually that
that makes a lot of sense because I
remember reading a while back
I wish I had that quote here from the
person or whoever said it but I believe
it's in human psychology that humans can
typically only maintain 150 meaningful
relationships right and beyond that you
just like you don't have enough time in
the day or you're just like you're just
faking it your act there's a there's a
psychological capacity to that 150
sounds exciting what holy
yeah yeah right welcome it 150 sounds
like a lot on its own like I'm I think
I'm I've had to quantify my own and be
like you know somewhere around maybe
like 50 or so but Jesus I think I'm at
like 7 or 8 okay well you know how you
interpret the word meaningful is like a
lot there but but yeah that that makes a
lot of sense though okay yeah exactly
and I was aware of those number like we
may we might see the drop-off at 150 or
but III think that the drop-off is at 90
because you know average humans have
other relationships outside of the game
that you know fill the quota and then
the 90s maybe the rest that you have or
like those are kind of the upper limits
that we seem to have okay but it's a
really clear drop at 90 that's that's
what was interesting in the data it
doesn't like slowly start to drop at 90
it just plummets at 90 mmm
interesting what um or I guess you have
any final questions or whatever and then
we can ask I've got like one or two
things and then we can wrap this up if
you're good for our tracks always asking
if you had any like other oh yeah I
never talked to me here no I'm sorry
no I uh Cravath I wish I had more I'm
sorry but no so far so good
again that's atleast old my really good
question so yeah we already already did
it okay I have okay I have one big thing
ready that I'm gonna push you for okay
and I know it'll probably never happen
Oh something that I thought would be
really cool okay this is my I'll play
the game for free for six months
or whatever okay if you do this stream
and everything I thought would be really
cool I don't know if it's ever possible
to do something this but if you guys
started and I know that kind of betrays
the the ideology on the game but if you
started like a new server where
everybody started as like a level one
pilot and ran that for like one year or
something I feel like that would be the
most exciting thing in the world to have
like everybody flying around and
 like frigates and again and
like the first time that people would
like start unlocking carriers it would
be like a really big deal I always saw
that like an experience like that would
be like super super super fun and I like
a lot of old friends and I would come
back to like play for like a few months
if like that would happen holy
alright so sorry if we do that you're
gonna play the game for six months
that's that's a that's a promise Oh
chair I'll stream it I'll grab my
referral link and everything running or
whatever yeah and I'll try to bully
other scammers into doing it but alright
I'll take this up with his mother CEO
call all right sounds awesome
yeah that's my only thing I always
thought that would be really fun one of
the things that's kind of one thing
that's always like really exciting is
like the kind of like there was a name
for this in a world of work I don't
remember it but like that that rush as
soon as like everybody there's like new
content or that rush that you get when
everybody like resets and you like go
like pushing into stuff again I know
path of Exile does it hearthstone kind
of does it but like there's that like
that new feeling is really cool and it
was one of the things in EVE is if
there's like this really high barrier to
entry right like if you're like oh I
want to fly like a capital ship you know
it's like okay well you have to train
your pilot for some number of months
before you even have the ability to sit
in one let alone when you're proficient
have to fly it but yeah yeah I was
either be really exciting but yes it
sounds super dope because like
everyone's gonna be scrambling to like
try to build those like like small
small-scale guilds until like bitter
alliances it's gonna be an absolute
you're not to get any sleep destiny
you're gonna be like yeah that I would
do that pretty no like that would be so
fun 90 hour binge marathons I love it
yeah and then like all the losses for
like the first month like whoever loses
like the first tier 3 ship or whoever
loses like the first carrier it ever
would just be like really fun it would
be like insane stuff but yeah but ok I
gotta be a bully there gonna be a
moderate here destiny you know I don't
I'm not allowed to reveal your identity
you have to use like a smurf fault
because I can't have all your dgg boys
up here building the destiny you know
sure you know that never that's not how
eve works man people like Oh get your
phone number and address if you're gonna
be like in leadership for some of these
girls like people go real hard on
knowing what every holy do you know it
ghost you know like the program jabber
or whatever oh sorry
do you know the program jabber that
people used to like ping people I don't
know if people still use this yeah oh
yeah yeah like people were like own like
if you're like in leadership and some of
these guilds like you have to be on call
like 24/7 for people to like ping you to
like wake up to do stuff whether you
have to like straw it like a pause I
don't have you do that anymore like be
ready for like fleet battles or if
somebody's gonna like shout out over
like yeah that was always like a really
yeah but those are those are only though
I mean this is true yeah yeah okay
actually now I actually remember a
question anymore so so these are these
these epic battles that I was I was
bringing up on like weird look in the
conversation here like I recall you know
the big battle that happened in 2014 the
another big battle that happened in 2018
that like made like polygon and another
such articles because of like just a
scale of damage done you know quote
unquote three hundred and thirty
thousand dollars of in-game materials
blowing up and everything 75 plus Titans
and everything else do you find that
those battles is it are they are they
good are they good for the long-term
economy with an eve is it good for the
player base should they should they
should these like massive interactions
happen more frequently or is it like
better to be like more World Peace with
an EVE and in feel free to reframe the
question if I'm like wording it stupid
leagues I'm not quite sure no no this is
a really good question and a lot of
people have really strong opinions on
this topic CCP is always you know
maintain the position that we you know
we don't do stuff to to encourage Wars
or we don't mess with like hey this you
know group needs to attack this could be
anything so this happens organically
which is the cool thing about it but
when it happens we almost always see the
same trend which is more people show up
to play more people log on we get more
new customers it attracts a lot of media
attention and our players you know they
love it they love this stuff for us this
is this is usually you know if you have
a war every three to four months you
know a big war it probably means that it
just took them three to four months to
plan and be ready for the next war like
and in in the big higher up levels but
we have like smaller skirmishes
happening
every day okay cool yeah and and I mean
the size of the wars and Eve are
ridiculous they were like really epic
just like you said like we can have a
300 thousand dollars worth of stuff and
like thousands of ships lost you know in
a couple of hours of battle and
weather's like thousands of players in
the same space we're actually running
really interestingly were running a test
case now with a British company called
the ether where we're trying to build
these giant battles without any lag in
it we test ran a battle or was it a
month ago or something where we had
10,000 players battling at the same time
without lack and there was like 19
million projectiles shot and this is
some of the things that we're most
excited about for the future of Eve is
that we can deliver this technology and
the battles can run really smoothly even
though we would have 10,000 players in
the same time I heard you guys I don't I
might be making this up but did you guys
change the way that drones function on
the map where they're like all one unit
now instead of five individual things or
whatever or is that are they do they
still function the same way they did
before because I remember that you guys
are trying to figure out ways to like
clean up like a lot of the tie-dye stuff
because it would like break really hard
during huge battles I think that was
just responded to with more servers I
like more more CPU power but I'm
actually not gotcha question oh they
reduced someone who said they reduced
fighters from 10 to 3 ok ok cool do you
have any like like give us your pitch
for Eve I guess for people that are
listening and are thinking about getting
into it but it's either too complicated
or they've been scared in the past what
is your what is your call to action for
new players to get them to join and try
it yeah so so if what is really cool
about Eve for you what's going to be
very difficult to find up to the game
tremendous amount of freedom like
whatever you want to do what type of
character and and and career you want to
have you have more freedom to craft that
then in almost any other game you know
do you want to be a space pirate
you want to be a diplomat do you want to
be an industrial tycoon do you want to
be a fleet commander you want to be a
miner do you want to be you know like
whatever you want but every type of
career you want you can have it and you
can pursue it too like in really really
big you know do you want to be a trader
do you want to be a spy the list is
endless and once you started to own your
craft you become valuable just because
of the craft you've owned like as soon
as you start realizing like okay this is
what a good buy does or this is what a
good diplomat does you become valuable
to the community in the game and you
become you know a soft after commodity
because you are a good trader because
you know how to do good an efficient
mining runs because you know how to you
know build logistical pipelines because
you can show that you know you you have
had a successful trading story and that
is when the game starts becoming super
super interesting when you start to
build your network around your activity
and that could be on your own terms you
can you can establish your own Corp and
it can be like I'm gonna start you know
the greatest trading Corp in in this
section of the space or I'm gonna be you
know the industrial tycoon with a mining
you know I'm gonna have mining
operations in you know 30 I'm gonna run
30 sovereigns bases with mining
operations whatever it is or you could
you know join an existing group and just
enhance their operations and qualities
and this is this is what I think if you
take the time to just a little bit build
to just build a little skill in any of
the areas in the game you're gonna start
to realizing like wow this is I can go
really deep here now and I have the
freedom to do whatever I want in this
game and then CCP is not gonna stop me
they're not gonna show up and and you
know block me if I'm doing something
that may be sketchy or or that that is
you know a new type of play style like I
can actually push push the limits here
that's what I think any player that is
interested by this type of play style or
experience he should definitely go and
check out even and give it a couple
hours and see if he doesn't like it
cool okay on that real quick on that
just cuz someone in chat asked heat
essentially Aria guide you can ask your
question fax I was gonna say here like I
also want to come in as like as a
complete Eve newbie who may one day
hoppin if this like sick level one
reboot thing happens
wink wink notch notch that your
description early about how their
majority helpers and like I don't know
just like passionate people actually was
a strong appeal to me because I thought
it was like a game full of like just
like I don't know mass cannibalism which
it might be on those kind of thing on
your framing of it but like hearing that
like yeah there is some compassion in
the game and that your actions have like
deeper consequences as well as really
impactful I don't know I guess there
they are impactful rights and that that
to me there was a was a really strong
appeal even for me so I'm just like yeah
that's that's really really high
factually so wanted they're like let you
know that that part where the interview
was like really dope for me personally
absolutely and I mean if you think about
it that like to play you know like the
medic in games they like to be like in
the support role I think those are
specifically the types of players that
will flourish and Eve because the
there's endless amounts of chances to
really really help people where people
are going to be really appreciative up
and as soon as you have any type of
expertise or any type of value or wealth
or anything in the game you can start to
help others and there's an endless
supply of confused newbies coming into
the game that need your help so that's
it's really easy to find them as well so
I mean that is definitely an another
thing that I think makes her game really
awesome is that if you like helping
others and building bonds like that Eve
gives you opportunities yeah but someone
in chat asked just because you a lot of
things you bring up are things that like
other games kind of say like oh like you
can do logistics or whatever and someone
in my chat asked what do logistics
people even do for like an example of
kind of like how everything in the EVE
world works like if you have a
corporation and you guys are like on the
outskirts of space like the logistics
people in your corporation are literally
like the heroes of your corporation like
everybody knows the people that run I
said Jeff
a GSR jump freighters like any time you
buy ammunition on your market I'm so
like if you play certain races you have
to like load ammo or crystals or
whatever new ship to fire
anytime you need to buy a new ship your
ship gets destroyed the only way you can
ever get these things down there is if
the people that run logistics take the
time to go all the way up to the middle
markets like in the world and bring them
all the way down to like the asset of
space where you might be and like even
doing something like that like it is
involves like a considerable amount of
risk like I don't know if like do rooks
and Kings are those still like an EVE
alright do those guys still play you
know yeah so like these are guys who
will literally like camp on gates
sometimes and they will blow up people
that jump Freight stuff like in and out
like even like even delivering stuff
from like high-security places to low
secure places can be risky in and of
itself that like there's like so much no
matter like what role you fill in II
like you're usually pretty appreciated
you know like people that do like
healing like logistics people people
that do like jamming that like play
support ships like all of its like
really important and there's like
there's a lot of roles for you to play
and with almost anything you could want
to do like it a game like that yeah yeah
and the logistics people I mean they're
called Logie in in our game you were
describing like the mackerel element of
it where they're like running supply
lines and stuff like this but I asked
when I was trying to figure out what
makes combat any fun I talked to a lot
of fleet commanders and asked them like
what is the most valuable person for you
to get into your feet right now if you
were recruiting from the new players who
would you most want would you want
somebody who is really good at you know
scouting or fighting or and they almost
all of them said like I want a good
low-key pilot like a good log a pilot or
logistics pilot like it can't be matched
if you have a couple of good logistics
pilots like it it strengthens your Navy
so much and I was like really like that
that that was not at all what I would
have guessed and uh and the second
biggest answer was like a war which is
like like targeting jamming so he
electronic warfare yeah yeah okay cool
well hey listen I really appreciate you
came on to talk to us maybe if some
other point will talk to your life is
like really interesting you've done
you've been involved in really
interesting stuff and the fact that
you've wound up in gaming after
everything that's really
testing tools too maybe in the future
we'll have a more specific thing once
you guys launch that fresh server we can
bring you back and talk about your new
player experience everything there as
well but um yeah for sure yeah I have to
like really continue to sell that
further here like you know Eve came out
in 2003 it's 20 19 15 years of seniority
that would that would make I think a lot
of people hop and then you bet it would
be a bigger impact than you may
anticipate actually maybe yeah
but okay yeah thanks a lot for coming on
we really preciate it
yeah thanks and I appreciate it well it
was super fun talking to you guys down
now I mean just hit me up if you--if you
want to have another chat of course
absolutely
thanks for coming they get rid all right
take care of back it back in the States
I'm gonna go out and throw some
snowballs here in Iceland yeah have fun
have a good man I could change the
screen but I kind of like it like this
oh yeah do I have a special guest cameo
in the new Godzilla film you know it's
gonna be Godzilla and then King Kong and
then me how big a looking right there
that's a new one that's coming out right
the new Godzilla show correct oh
yeah that was a reference I should have
known that is it yeah there's gonna
be a it's a sequel to the 2014 one which
is like which the 2014 film was like
independent or whatever and then Kong
Skull Island came out if your haul was
kind of like a quieter release and now
it's gonna be like a you know like a
monster universe quote-unquote where
like Godzilla King Kong and maybe others
will join in but I don't know what other
muscles are are in that same like
universe or whatever but yeah that's
gonna be like got quote unquote Godzilla
to whatever it's called guys looking the
monsters going at it should contain King
Kong vs. Godzilla and some big standoff
okay
well we didn't really do the beginning
because we had a guy here what have you
been doing for the best like week or two
we missed did we miss last week right a
thing for those traveling we that's we
missed the last two weeks oh
we're so let me let me let me remind
your loving fan base alright because I
get up my ass
and in the podcast I'm just light well
halogen boy but I thought the dad dad's
dad went to get cigarettes the gas
station and come back for 14
days plus know that so twitch twitch con
EU was a the week of April 11th uh you
dipped out by Wednesday early to go to
go at twitch you and you know do do your
thing over there so no podcast that week
and then I guess you had it's much like
Coke and whatever else if you were
completely um you know and a diabetic
coma or whatever and you were able to do
it the following week after as well and
here we are now on week three and now
we're back stronger better harder all
that good stuff well we're back what
what have you been up to what have you
done exciting oh man you better have a
damn good reason why you didn't go to
twitch kind of EU which was like the
best twitchcon - okay great
topic yo why didn't I go it's kind of
you I didn't go because well mainly I
couldn't figure out like a great excuse
to go like twitchcon to you going to
Berlin and all that was for a 2-day
convention was like a very week a week
you know or very easy no I for me to go
over there I'd have to be like a week
long event where it's like I'm going
there for EU and I'm doing either a
pre-party or an after-party where like
me and some of the boys are gonna do it
some kind of like IRL squad stream
adventure stuff which I just I don't
know I I didn't know what hit me up and
I wasn't being really proactive on and
so I had no no party to like you know do
Who Cried with and so that's where
we were with it really okay like it's
like invited your party so I got it so
basically I would just I wasn't a good
enough reason to go as what you're
saying I mean you want a word like that
I mean I mean I'm just trying to
word it how it is so I hate that your
delivery is so dry right now but oh wait
do you think this is a bit right now or
you're such an
oh my god it's cold it's a
whenever it's are you just really are
you still butthurt right now that I was
in LA we didn't hang out this past
weekend actually I spoiled your entire
project
wait Oh shet hello yeah so here this is
oh no my computer is like blipped and I
don't know what just happened can you
still see me or did everything minimize
I can see you but it you're gone on the
you've gone on the screen oh man I just
got a hardcore super bug holy well
everything's to keep talking I'll bring
I'll bring you back ok don't worry I
keep going yeah yeah so well as let's go
back to action because like you know I
feel like I got like attack from I got
gangbanged from two different areas here
I had like the Destiny boys like destiny
such a pit for it and then I had
that was that was like some of your boys
hit me up whenever I peeked into uh I
peeped in your chat a couple times and
then otherwise I had a I had Hassan
literally like I'm in friendship anxiety
where you went from in LA you're not
only why we didn't hang out and I
was just like dude well I wasn't first
off one LA is like we all right you live
in LA now so it's like listen whatever
if a friend tells you you know hey I'm
in LA that's hanging out it's like
Ellie's like a no like a two-hour radius
of like right like you can be in
like North LA and be like
nowhere near someone in South LA so
let's get that the way here real quick
people also like to like kind of like
you cell it's a very general term of
like I'm not in San Diego but I'm in
SoCal and it's like bro oh well if
you're like in Santa Ana you're like
 nowhere near me if I'm out in
like Hollywood or whatever like
outta here with that so when I was in LA
it's like I was nowhere near ass on one
and then two was what I had downtime at
I was I was out there for like that
like maybe like Atlanta at 11 p.m. on
Thursday and I just had to do all
day at like we had we had like a whole
photo shoot and everything else as
to do all day Friday and Saturday and
then I dipped out you know Sunday
morning so it wasn't like I really had
ample time to hang off anybody but I'm
very happy to redeem that when I'm back
in LA uh June 4th June 4th and 5th and
July 4th weekend so make it happen
okay sounds good we're start we're gonna
do some like IRL fanfiction erotica
whatever like has this time you've been
involved in has a lake release cheddar
No
um not in its entirety tempo storm did
did a ditch without the thing just like
it so it's a literally a seven second
clip here you can see oh we watched
shall we watch it on stream I know
you're talking about yeah yeah so um
yeah man we were out there bro I was uh
you know we were three and a half hours
east of LA do we were out in the
boonies dude we were like thirty minutes
away from the nearest gas station like
where we were um you you definitely
wanted a jeep northern ride like pave
roads and then gravel roads and then
like roads in general just like
completely absent by the time we got to
where we were we were out there
dude it was crazy
you had a good time though you happy
with the end product and everything
mm-hmm oh yeah I do
well the chute will sit everything
was sick y'all gonna see you and like
the UM the cool thing is have you ever
shot a commercial before or like any
kind of like extended skip my break of a
good director okay so whenever you have
like a film crew director a script they
have to honor and all that depending on
like the the screenwriter or though ever
produced the script itself like it could
either be like really cringe stiff
sterile dialogue that feels completely
unnatural to what you would say it's
kind of what they think you would say
and then you have like sometimes you
know I wouldn't say full-blown method
acting but like if the if the dress on
that dick can kind of let you like you
know tweak it a little bit so I was able
to tweaks on the dialogue to something
that would say more things just sounded
to me more organic which I didn't which
I uh
and my previous experiences with doing
shoots I didn't quite have that
privilege but you did hit here but I did
for this one yeah and it was a thing
came out way way better because of it
like when you make it more of a
collaborative thing I'm not be like you
know like Oh bless you sorry I'm not
trying to be like you know Edward Norton
where I'm trying to rewrite the
Incredible Hulk and like you know
literally be like a phantom rider on the
thing but it was cool that I could just
like take a very basic line of like you
know you know if you were if you're
being I don't know attacked by I don't
know a secret agent you know what what
would you say
like what's your line here oh or
like Oh shucks or like gosh darn it I'm
getting attacked by terrorists right now
I don't know like like you know what
would destiny say in that and that
exclaim environment and I was able to
like wing that a little bit more like we
did lookup which takes and so you're
literally like Harrison Ford from Star
Wars when dude know this story oh
was it before before Harrison Ford's
character is encased in a kryptonite
whatever the it's called and and
Leah Princess Leia is like oh I love you
and Harrison Ford was supposed to I love
you too but instead he says he says no
yeah the supposed that was supposed to
be Harrison Ford's like injection into
the script that were used I could make
more sense for him to say that or
whatever well I'm definitely a big fan
and maybe I'm hella bias here but I'm a
big fan of like do what the script says
and then give me a take of like whatever
like like like start by doing the script
and then do your future takes where
you're like kind of like giving it more
of what you think and then we'll let the
editing team figure out which one works
best makes sense but yeah we yeah we did
that it should be they're still editing
the the footage right now but it should
be live
probably sometime next week and then we
can talk about next week maybe if you uh
because it's go to it's gonna be like a
short film that's going pretty though
cool so so we got that going on what
else why I've been up to I am well
I guess we kind of covered I didn't know
we were alive way earlier but it would
kind of cover the whole thing about the
UM my my nearest button was a whole like
movie theater employees not making um
being exempt from overtime kinda I
already covered that one Whaley earlier
here what I've been up to it's been
mostly my grandma still actually uh
she's been recovering I've been I've
been you know working on helping her and
everything she's like a if you recall
she had a she had a negative reaction to
less than a purlin her tongue swelled
and almost blocked her windpipe and she
had to be in the ICU ward at the at the
local hospital and she's been recovering
since then well the good news is that
she's she has recovered completely now
and she asked now she's doing like a
therapeutic rehab
in order to like you know reacquired
ability to swallow food completely she
currently has a peck tube in her stomach
but she had to get that Peck tube
surgery so that she can like continue to
heal while still reacquiring the ability
to swallow food completely Peck tube is
from streaming alright not streaming I'm
sorry for for like eating yeah so a Peck
tube is like whenever for some reason
your esophagus or throat cannot manage
to swallow and and and chew food
completely we still have to get
nutrition and eat right yeah and what
you have and when you have a can I be
feed or like a nostril nutrition feed
both of those are like short-term
solutions those are both like meant to
be used for at most a week and not much
longer because you know you know like
any other muscle you know this off
against and this tongue that the tongue
are all muscles and if you don't use
them you lose them you don't use them
they deteriorate so you kind of want to
get on boat with like using that so
that doesn't like deteriorate further
and further so um and the problem was
she was running out of time to use the
uh with the IV and the nostril feed
she's running out of time for those like
to not cause you know long-term damage
to just like you know the esophagus and
everything else so the Peck tube is a
you know it's just literally a tube that
you put you it's a small incision in
your stomach comes out of your belly and
you're able to like you know put in I
got let's just call like you know jumbo
syringes we're able to like syringe
nutritional paste into your stomach
directly and and do that so like it's
really weird because like what happens
is you don't feel particularly full you
just don't feel hungry like you feel
neutral and then you come back to
neutral and you go from neutral to
hungry or amount nutritious or mountain
mountain mountain Irish yeah and then
with the PEG tube feeding you return
back to neutral you never feel the high
of eating tasting swallowing or getting
full you're just you just are if that
makes sense so it's like if it's uh so
be a view of the Peck tube life it's
pretty even it's pretty shitty and she's
like definitely very very annoyed with
it yeah but she's been so she she got
that surgery over the last three weeks
she's been recovering and Rehab and it's
been going good
so that's that's the positive update
there but it's still been a lot though
because like you know getting her
getting her from the hospitals local ICU
and rehab facility into a long-term care
like talking about they know like a
hundred days or so yeah and to like a
comprehensive rehab facility where they
have like more stuff for her to do in a
rehab every day we're she's able to like
you know trained on swallowing different
thicknesses I'm sorry mmm
swallowing different thicknesses I don't
say the right word here of liquids
versus like you know diamonds like walk
and use like your usable pants but
thickness of liquid is this viscosity
I think am I making that word up is like
how like like how thick like a liquid is
hold on yeah yeah yeah some were like um
if it's like extra extra thick you
actually have to you know you used to
like I don't know we're all using a very
static level of thickness with our
liquids that were squabbling they'd be
like water or Gatorade or or soda
whatever right but like they're our
third there are liquids I do get
progressively thicker and your you have
to like really use your esophagus
muscles and throat muscles to like
really push this down the correct
hole you know I mean so that's a and and
what I mean by that is because they're
thicker they move down slower so the
actually you would think that um a
thicker liquid and it sounds sound
solute a thicker liquid would be the
harder thing it's actually the easier
thing a thicker liquid gives your it
moves to their throat slower into the
small into it from the esophagus to the
small intestine so it's all about like
you you're giving your throat more time
it's like watching YouTube on like half
speed or something like that so like if
you if you can't get like a very thick
liquid that's moving down your throat
slow down the correct holes then your
muscles are not recovered enough well
yet to be able to manage you know a
regular liquid that would just you know
go down like that
uh-huh so that's what's been interesting
going on with me aside from that though
like I mean do we are we are we gonna
have watching The Avengers before or the
next podcast I was gonna say actually
yeah I was gonna tell you that you know
the health
the room here's the fact that uh
Avengers premiered in Los Angeles
this past Monday and yes I will have
that I'm watching it tomorrow for sure
I'm super excited I think I'm watching
I'm Saturday so yeah cool no
actually really enjoyed our our our us
session we kind of rain a little bit
there
mm-hmm like so far we watched a movie I
mean we have a really great discussion
about like it's unfortunate that we
don't have like the UM you don't have
like contrasting opinions or takes on
anything we've watched so far but you
know Captain Marvel think was a great
session I'm gonna give a warning right
now the next time we have this podcast
it will be spoiler heavy will be very
super live if you don't watch it between
now I want to say off get the
out of here that yeah I get to
dream like the whole idea of a spoiler
free review to me is like I don't know
it's kind of like why bother just like
the time you're sitting there watching a
spoilery review you could just go see
the movie
uh-huh I don't know I'm not I never I
never watched bully-free reviews I'm
just like this is all like blue ball and
and and filler and none of like the you
know the you know I'm not watching I'm
not watching porn for the cringe and I'm
watching for the for the know you know
think I know it's 190 maybe some people
do watch porn for the for the porn
acting maybe I don't know I guess what
the scene is right yeah well let's see
yeah I don't know yet that have to ask
someone else here about that one did you
see Shazam no I did not actually no
actually I've been to the theater since
um what's it's us actually so now I
haven't seen Shazam a guy was kind of
busy with the whole like uh I didn't see
Shazam I didn't see Aleta I didn't see a
Aquaman um I've actually I've been
pretty bad on movies honestly and then I
like I saw captain Marvin oh my god I
think I saw all the things I wish I'd
saw instead mm-hm
yeah the last three films I saw I
believe are us bumblebee and into the
spider-verse were the last three things
that's all okay so up I've been I've
been pretty been pretty mild / taem on
theater visits this year I'll say I've
also go see Dumbo but then like I uh I
just didn't care enough I guess I don't
know
like I don't
like maybe it's cause like Tim Birds
been kind of like hit or miss a lot for
a while now but like I just couldn't see
myself to like I kind of knew what it
was gonna be maybe the trailer to reveal
too much to me but I was like pretty
passive on seeing Dumbo as well okay but
no but I do think it's unfortunate I
didn't go see Sam I heard Shazam is
really really good so unless you dig
beyond beyond that I think I had another
oh well you know what okay I'm sorry
let's go back here so the after party
from the from the see CCCP ghost right
huh you know the one thing I wanted to
ask them about but I I really didn't
know if I didn't wanna make them feel
uncomfortable and when we can feel
unwelcome I don't want to make you turn
off your situation so I just ultimately
played it incredibly safe here okay but
the question the elephant in the
room bro oh god I wanted to ask him
about cuz I don't know write the
monetization models in EVE I want to
know how the game functions but I guess
about how financially viable is it like
is it working didn't wish it made more
revenue like is like how does the
financial stuff in EVE works because
when he Hebrew he touched on in here and
he said that you know that the the
gambling when the third party site
gambling was illegal in the game that
there were victims that were you know
devastated by it or whatever right and I
wanted to ask so badly here do you find
there are parallels with victimization
and exploitation psychologically of
people who get introduced these gambling
elements these modern games whether it
be loot boxes or I think what else is
there here like I guess particularly
loot boxes right there's a period or
mobile games right do you find did you
like did you observe where modern gaming
is headed with these exploits
exploitative practices of their fan base
is just to exploit more money out of
their out of the participating players
and do you find that you have a loyal a
very loyal passionate fan base not
because you don't engage those things
and not become a question tethered to
like oh I have the revenue I don't know
some plug-in I didn't ask that because I
thought it's like weights you have a
button I don't put me yeah really good
question whatever to ask
cosmetics yeah what if they would ever
consider because I don't think Oh always
they're not cosmetics and um you know so
the way that it works or the way that I
did
I don't think so when I left was um
basically you have these things called
pilot's license accounts or pilot's
license something there called Plex ple
X and game and the way that you would
the way that you would fund your account
basically is you would have to activate
a Plex and that would keep your account
active for a month and then you'd have
to buy you'd spend like ten or fifteen
dollars or whatever and you get a Plex
in-game and then you'd use it and you'd
buy it you could also sell these flex on
the market to is so players could um
players could like theoretically and Eve
I hate saying this because you shouldn't
do this but theoretically and Eve if you
work hard enough in game and you make a
lot of money trading in game you can buy
other people's Plex is off the market
and you could fund your account for free
you could play for free you don't have
to actually spend any money because you
just make so much in game you just buy
it but um that's really really hard you
know mmm yeah I hear a thing in
runescape you could um you could
technically like do a thing and just
like you make I don't know is like three
million dollars in game and then that
that will buy you and that's enough to
actually buy the one month subscription
for 15 bucks oh yeah I had no idea
Oh apparently yeah panics now in the
game as of January 21st of this year oh
wow okay
well dude well that was a question
I would have asked well then it will
okay so if they just introduced
Cosmetics now then like is is in your
opinion is the main monetary model just
the subscription like the entry barriers
the fee that you pay per month beyond
the free trial I believe so is all user
no papers no they don't have like a lot
of micro transactions I don't think
unless he changed it people are saying
that they're like skill injectors you
can buy now I shouldn't say anything I
guess I haven't played the game in like
a few years so I'll talk about that
because I I don't know how much what you
played here how long did you play Eve
might be weird too but when I was in it
like I was like pretty hardcore into it
like this was like like expanding to
take up like all of my time in the day
and like offline time would be spent on
Eve as well and then like I got into
like a like because I we because I
basically I brought all of my people for
my stream into it start playing I like
was the head of like a large Corp and
I'm like a fleet commander for a while
so like I got like pretty heavy into a
lot of the different elements of the
game but I mean it was a lot of fun yeah
you said your ideas in matter
you came
to the game all of destiny all DG boys
coming in with you
praising dad and giving you giving you
Corp leadership why anybody well you
better take a Smurf when I get this
level one should reboot happy well like
the problem isn't like when I play games
like what you're saying I would actually
prefer actually like when I play when I
play games it seems to be that like this
4 to 6 size grouped play is actually the
most fun so I would say like can rust
playing with like 4 to 6 people is a lot
of fun and Eve doing like four to six
people's a lot of fun but the problem is
that like as a streamer if I go into any
game I'm gonna get dogpile like a
 like I basically have all
the negative aspects of going in so I
might as well capitalize on the positive
as as that is it's kind of how I
have to you know you know what I
apologize
you're totally right I agree with what
you're saying though like I do I have a
much different experience right you're
totally right I forgot listen you know I
I I've played very little online games
but having been stream strength and Dark
Souls 2 which I know is a very minor
example she was that mean but like dude
that puppy getting stream snape it's
like a special kind of tilted like I I
 lost and I wanted to that go
like I want the punch of wall dude I was
like how can people be this caliber of
an asp I do don't I don't yeah I
for like for reference like is Eve when
you're in high security spaces highsec
it's supposed to be a no PvP zone if you
attack somebody in high SEC I think
they're like NPC ships that will one
shot you they like instigate you however
if a ship is small enough in high SEC
you can still kill it you can give you
one shudder this is earlier I mentioned
like when you alpha something that means
you kill it on the first shot when
you're out for something it's like when
I first started playing that's really
not really true wait what did it just
say that's not true when you get Concord
don't you die like almost instantly
am I wrong on that okay I don't know
what people are made me by but
on like when I was playing when I
started to play Eve I literally had a
couple people that were like trying to
camp like my beginner frigate that were
like trying to suicide ships over worth
like 10,000 times more just trying to
like kill me immediately
oh yeah it might not be insta but it's
pretty fast like I don't think
you can like out wrap like like Concord
shooting your whatever like you're gonna
die like pretty quickly I was like it
really important here I'm looking at
your skin right now you go oh listen I
can't I can't reuse a picture of me let
me give me
give me the give me the money dude here
I can't I can't like add like your
camera back again I don't know why I
can't like as like a cycle just fine
use this chatez picture of me here
if you're gonna use it freaking you
something like that I'll do it I'll do
it I'll do it for the next episode of
ratings do it again I can't like bring
up this co2 ever cuz it everything
up because of the way the overlay is I'm
sorry I love you yeah but I quite like I
can't click over to my Instagram's that
 or not my in scream sorry I can't
click my discourses that sitting up
if I like move the move like if I click
the text box ok because the way that
camera is you know you're gonna get
a ramp from me about it's wrong another
complaint
ok here's what I hate about the intern
alright when you're a known personality
and this is its applies to you too this
is this is not just like a you know aunt
you know victimizing me it's a
victimized you as well kind of other
rant here no no one warns you what
picture is gonna be used for like the
Google meta meta data like nobody warns
you like most Ram the picture you have
right now is the most random
Twitter selfie that was more meant to
show how my afro look like Vegeta
whenever cuz I slept on one side really
really hard whatever it was just a
random picture about that and now it's
like it's got this like the synthetic
overemphasis because like if you google
if you google triaxis this pops up I'm
sure it's probably found it so easily or
whatever hmm I'm just like oh dude these
these random pictures that I didn't plan
to be like you know the flex ones and
then by comparison I give you the
 like I'll give you practically
like I don't know if I can eat boy
camwhore porn to like click instead
night in and it gets crickets well
that's how it goes if it makes you feel
any better there's like really done if
you go into Google and search for big
brain
big brain yeah under images ok
I did okay I thought would be like I
don't know some celebrity ironically I'm
English
wait what do you mean you thought it was
gonna be some celebrity I'm a celebrity
 calm down damn Cho you know
what you know a Hollywood your ass out
of here you're like internet famous you
don't you don't do a real job and like a
decent athlete what you play games for a
living dude like dude like there's
between like playing like Mattel board
games and battleship and like whatever
the you do is like barely tangible
it out here yeah all right I'm gonna
remember this one Triax you wash
yourself mister speedrunner jet set over
here okay calm down hey you like I mean
like dude you're sitting here on a
computer all day like matching to the
real world hate talking down
your house here knows the mountain Dew's
houses first of all you mean my soil
into my hot chocolate so no
basement-dwelling nerd neckbeards wait
what I drink some Lynette hot chocolate
shell what um are you guys still doing
DNA how is that going oh it's going sick
actually um I will admit everyone agreed
to Friday um and I think it was a giant
mistake it's like uh what happens it's
like if you travel for the weekend
Friday to join no go for a lot of people
so like you know I saw on has like
political to do with TYT so he's
like he's probably like 75 percent
attendance so far for Friday's um
surprisingly I've been I've been gone I
probably have missed like the most I
probably missed three to four sessions
so far and just like you know it's like
this really weird comfort of like you
know if we were if we're down two or
more people do we just skip that week
yeah should we do I think I may miss
when you guys were just starting I think
I made this joke I don't know I don't
remember made it to you someone else but
the hardest thing about D&D is actually
the scheduling is getting everybody
together yeah mm-hmm that's why that's
why the worst thing but so so far so
good
um yeah if you only hear about that
actually the so at first I'm a dragon
born druid and the problem with that was
either it's my first member playing D&D
like my real big boy D&B on Steam
I played D&D prior but I was like 2011
it was like you know just some friends
it was super casual here I mean oh we're
playing formal to the tee and I'm trying
to like you know do you know some some
RP of my character anything else
and I being a nonhuman character is
pretty hard whenever I'm in experience
of art being because like you know the
thing do is just I self inject your
character I don't usually on some with
some human traits to it because you're
you're human obviously and being a
dragon more in druid it was just like I
didn't know like really what direction
to take my character other than being
this fish-out-of-water who's just like
gonna be this like racist condescending
smug to all humans because I'm I
am the one non-human or I'm the most
non-human in the group I guess and that
wasn't really uh that was getting I
imagine pretty boring for everyone
involved
and I was trying to figure out where to
take it now so now my character like um
my character did some medicinal
mushrooms in a forest I got high as
and now I've had an epiphany where I'm
like you know what no actually humans
are great humans are the backbone of our
modern society now you know dragons
don't rule the world like they did a
thousand years ago in this universe so
I'm gonna go and befriend female humans
for the purpose of procreating because
that's what the male humans do
so I'm trying I'm trying to and so
that's my that's my new thing now
something about like my the plot is
comical so I'm sitting here like I'm
motivated by like Chad bro tendencies of
wanting to get laid as quickly as
possible as frequently as possible okay
we have that character in our D&D thing
it's called captain Bravo but alright
and there was also there was slightly um
a case of murder hoboing and a very
beginning here like we wanted to fight
everything and everyone for a while our
port did you see that
yeah I did see that yeah oh my god Triax
apparently posted a picture for me to
put on my thing and he and I just seen
the bottom right to pop up with a
message apparently ghosts just said nice
job be very swallow at over yes like no
context yeah yeah that's no idea
why you posted that oh okay
so yeah we're both gonna see a ventures
in game we're gonna have like a very
very in-depth spoiler task
reaction thing next week I'm taking it a
little bit more I guess I don't see
seriously but like just like you know
it's the biggest movie it's you know
it's um what a 12 year 11 year 10 pole
movie event and so I'm having a big
night tomorrow like I don't even want to
irons already leaks now I've seen people
who are who are deliberately diluting
spoilers with fake spoilers so no one
knows what's a real and what's a fake
spoiler now and I'm just gonna like oh
no it's tomorrow I just want to like
chill tomorrow take tomorrow off and
just like go see Avengers ASAP and then
and then I'll come live in stream I
don't even want to be on the internet
tomorrow day of c'mere like that
dude I'm already hearing some people in
USA where somebody able to see it today
I don't know how they're able to see it
early or whatever but like yeah
that it's gonna like chill tomorrow and
do that did you watch the Star Wars
Episode nine trailer oh yeah actually
yeah yeah what's it called again the the
title of the film the Jedi rise of
Skywalker the rights of Skywalker yeah
yeah um what does that mean it could
mean a couple of things right so if I
recall what's his name
I'm sorry I'm brain farting right now
not now Luke the UH mutti mutti angsty
belly belly crop pants Oh Kyle O'Reilly
kylo Ren yeah kylo Ren here we go yeah
however in is not a Skywalker correct at
all so no yes yes he is right wait no
he's not wait yes yeah okay wait
because Princess Leia and Luke are
siblings and they're both Skywalker's
and Leia and Han Solo had a kid so he's
like a Skywalker right like right he's
like 50/50 well cuz the question is like
you know rise of Scott Walker does that
mean rise of kylo Ren who's going to
like you know dissolve from the
resistance and join or this all from the
rebellion wait wait up to our words
here the bad
and join the good guys good lord with a
 Skywalker's goddamn or
technically the I forget what um I
forget what uh I'm sorry I'm very hard
so hard right no no yeah no I'm Mike I
mean I need more anymore Kathy listen
right now I'm sorry who's the who's the
actress that we all loved who passed
recently during the filming of episode 8
oh my god Carrie Fisher Carrie for this
year yeah Carrie Fisher calls the good
guys and episode aid is that the
rebellion or the resistance I forget
there's a resistance or anything okay
their resistance yeah so he's gonna like
leave the Empire and join the resistance
and then they'll be the rise of the
Skywalker's or is it gonna be more about
is it about his transition into fighting
his moral as moral landing and moral
finding ground or is it gonna be more
about Ray as or more about Rey who's
going to you know really rise up and be
the leader of the Skywalker's and like
and just be the the the super saiyan
badass she's always been destined to be
or whatever someone hf says it's a rise
of Skywalker because Ray and Kyla are
both taught by Luke and they're going to
be his best and last students that carry
his vision and his name through the
galaxy that sounds that sounds pretty
credible that's a yeah be it now here's
a real question now so that's all that's
all standard fare to me the real
question is like how much of episode 8
is gonna be retconned for episode 9
because i think the thing we both agreed
on here we were talking about so they
briefly in the past is that like episode
8 kind of closes a lot of things on what
was like open into questions left for
seven to be explored throughout the
trilogy from 7 8 9 you know
Ren's parents there were there were
nothing what's that uh what's a little
 name the the dude who dies in
the Red Room looks like Squidward or
whatever Squidward Tentacles oh I wish I
knew yes dead weight you know Snoke yeah
okay dead even even thin fins arc then
with the the the female stormtrooper
all chrome costume she also dead with
nothing really to show for it honestly
just a lot of things were tied up at
episode 8 there's kind of left with like
well what what do you wrap up in the
grand scheme going into 9 uh-huh other
than I guess like kylo doing something
or array doing something sure okay well
I guess we'll find out when it releases
we're coming short on time and there is
actually like a really interesting
question the subreddit that I really
want to ask him really curious for the
answer is okay you didn't we didn't
pre-screen questions here no but this is
what I really want to ask you okay CNN
taught me that you can pre screen
questions for an opportunistic gotcha
gotcha well we're not staying in here
we're immoral party okay please get our
marching orders from Bernie Sanders okay
do you remember the aoc clip that
surfaced and the term code-switching
yeah the one where she put on like a
Brooklyn or like a more urban accent
yeah yes have you seen uh have you seen
the show Atlanta yes you know the guy
the guy that tells like the FlowRider
joke whatever the main characters white
friend or whatever and then he asked him
later to tell it again when he's in like
a car full of like black people oh yeah
yeah yeah he doesn't yeah do you feel
like do you have do you feel like you
have experience with this or do you have
any opinions on this or how does it miss
Cruz okay okay you put me in the hot
seat here okay so code-switching
gave like a white friend you see him act
superwhite the whitest person ever all
the time and then he comes up to you and
is like yo what up brother or whatever
and he's like doing some crazy you're
like dude you do not normally talk of
this has this happened do I do it on the
podcast what do you think let's hear it
do you do it no you you're consistent
you're consistently triggered all day
and all night long so no you're you're
you're very good yeah as far as
code-switching goes I think also the
geography is very very relevant here
because like what is acceptable in the
South may not be slow on west coast may
not be so on you know in the New York
area
I guess talk about in the south and out
here what's crazy
is inward with an a is used so
much do it is so saturated that it is
like I would say I don't know how to
really how to really simplify the
explanation here but like when when you
acquire against the hood pass or the
n-word pass or whatever you want to call
it and my music and where I'm M saying
assume you're with me
I would also specify if I mean in worth
an arm I'll say like you know how are
you
right aren't you allowed to say that
because you're black like on Twitch
can't you yeah yeah but I've been trying
to waiting are you no I'm legit ask me I
don't actually know I you should be able
to say right I feel like I should but
then whenever I deliberately go all the
way to do so I I feel I feel guilty
because it's it's been for me okay
I can actually so one okay alright well
here again here yeah but we do one even
before trial was was deemed the
controversial emo you know this is
called like post 2016 or post 2015 trial
was considered a group popularity it was
used most for toxicity but the email
itself was not toxic its kind of Billy
of the users the um I even before then
though like before chart was was popular
I actually didn't use the n-word very
frequently at all I would say that I
about like a heated gamer moment
quote-unquote like if I'm playing smash
them and I I I bought someone
yeah I I mean it popped off and said it
may be here and there but if you ask my
chattery my veteran users they'll tell
you that it wasn't in my everyday
dialogue I didn't use it excessively or
like try to like advocate for like let
me just like you know swing my privilege
keys in front of every other streaming
because haha I can say that you can't
you know I never did that I didn't go so
I said never use my blackness explicitly
to like be accepted my identity to like
be whoever I am now I think I've done a
pretty great job of not doing that which
i think is like the I guess the better
way to do it you know we unite as people
and gamers and on to like use like my
blackness to like whatever okay that's
kind of a more of like a philosophical
perspective on how I approach my online
identity but moving past that like I'm
sorry what were some of us now I think
if people have ever like done like this
code-switching thing to you do you feel
like people like white people change
oh yeah yeah okay yeah so yeah I'm also
a big a big if you want to use liberals
we're guys have progressive
modernization and utilization of
language I do bleed language was evolve
and like what I want to say about I want
to say that I make the conversation flow
better but like whatever it you know and
whatever is 20 I'll just say it
like you know what meant like once
upon a time and what it what it means
now uh-huh like you know your companion
your compadre abuses like your uh you
know your pronoun pronoun replacing for
like a compassionate thing you know you
my brother you my soldier you might you
might fellow guy and in the South you
see it used a lot by every race I had
had a friend have Vietnamese half white
he used it like 16 billion percent more
than I did I had another another white
friend a named Dylan who used it I mean
like every other day was every
other every other sentence or
whatever like there and it became like a
habitual and yeah they never they kept
it consistent but they also I know they
also were like quote unquote more more
like gangsta than I was you know they
were the ones who were like you know
smoking like half a pound of weed every
given week they're the ones who like you
know took smoking to the next level
they're the ones who are like part-time
you know dealing they were the ones who
just like did way more of that stuff
that I did you know by comparison I was
very very tame and honest a little bit
boring so I was just like you know I was
the gamer who was honest was on twitch
there they were my my roommates who were
just like you know doing all kinds of
stuff by comparison
so the code-switching doesn't really
exist for me cuz I'm a very unique
example but I'm sure I don't know I'm
really pretty yeah once you earn that
the the hood pass or like the
passed that's when things change but I
don't know how to really define exactly
how that plays out sure but I wish I
could remember specifically who I I want
to say Bill Cosby I don't think I
misspoke Cosby but I've heard that there
are like like there are people and even
like why I say even there are people in
the black community that feel like like
even with the soft a the n-word should
never be spoken and that's something
that like people should like leave
behind and like the whole reclaiming as
like a bad I want to say it was a Bill
Cosby like him talking about a better
other where he said it but have you ever
heard do you have people that you listen
to or anybody that you hear like another
black person say like there this is a
word that like even black people
shouldn't say anymore or no no one um no
one I know is like that and because
products I actually probably disagree
with them because like I look at it like
if you're going to resist a
modernization of language like like okay
so okay let me give you a parallel
example here right if you if you say
that the butchering of modern English is
an assault on the great writers of even
like two centuries ago and you advocate
for the banning of all emojis because
emojis further dumbing down vocabulary
and and honestly spelling and sentence
structure and everything else because of
online messaging just frequently
interjecting further into our formal
english or just because like it replaces
9% of when formal written rhetoric is
occurring do you what do you do do you
just say you know emojis are the bane of
society i want to i want to arbitrarily
ban emojis are going to arbitrarily ban
like lazy spelling lazy lack of
capitalization lazy punctuation like
what do you what do you realistically do
why don't you ban I don't think
anybody's coming for a ban on it but it
might have been him I have an Oprah
even but it was just the idea that like
like these are words that are always
gonna be used in oppressive manners and
even when you reclaim them you know even
when you like try to reclaim them
whatever like it doesn't actually get
that purpose done like it just it's just
something bad that should be erased
forever I'm not sure enough to go back
and listen again but maybe cuz I'm just
like a I'm super skeptical here that you
can even like you could even do that I
don't even know like like realistic
because they even occur and I think more
heed to have the dialogue of just like
of like how languages modernize over
time here because in that regard you
know once upon a time the curse words
you know damn etc the Warren
Dolezal like explicitly taboo and a much
more severe sense sixty or so years ago
and then depending on who you want on
the history books here you can say that
you know stand-up comedians kind of like
made those words a little more you know
cuz they were the strongest taboo so
comedians when Sam Comi started to come
to the boom use those words in math to
like
you know because it's your strongest
most volatile vocabulary pill I kind of
set a mood for a receptive stand-up
audience and then over time you know
that it gets a little more legitimized
as as explicit because of things like
the MPAA motion picture association of
america where you're just seeing you
know those words become like there was
tween getting a PG and an R rating
before the pg-13 rating happened yeah
things like the the FCC cracking down on
radio edits I mean I don't even know I I
leave it here you know what's upon a
time was there always in radio edit I
imagine probably not you know something
had to happen and occur for the standard
radio edit of explicit songs to come and
I think those all things are like
arbitrary boundaries that have led to
those words being seen as severe but
then the freedom of the Internet and the
freedom of the communication of the
internet with YouTube we're like you
know you know before before cursing that
demonetised on YouTube you know you just
saw like oh maybe law if you were on
YouTube 2009 it was just like you know
 damn and everything in between
and those curse words and then his other
factors here to Lobster but those curse
words kind of like that like diluted in
their intensity and now the real bad
words are the words I go beyond just
that now order like conditional
particular words that attack
marginalized people so the F slur you
know I don't want a second same enough
to I'm calling when these words here but
you know autistic or or you know
maybe using the word cancer and a
derogatory sense because those who are
struggling with cancer they can't choose
that and using their their condition to
like belittle or try to meet another
person so you know these other words now
are seem to be much more impactful than
actual curse words and that's a great
and that might be like a an example I
could use to like show the the
modernization of language and if I feel
like if that if what I'm explaining here
in a very poor manner is like brought up
in an educational limelight maybe then
people will see like the N word with an
A differently those who opposed it okay
cool
all right well hey I think that's kind
of a word Sal but hopefully that Kovac
that came across cohesively enough
I think I think you get your point
across pretty well yeah pretty much
brings us to two hours what are you
doing on stream today bro today I am
well we even took oh do you know we
should talk about the Town Hall man you
didn't did you watch any of the Town
Hall online I didn't but I've actually
have it loaded up and I'm gonna do that
today so maybe we can hit that next time
too yeah okay yeah yeah cuz there's a
man there cuz
alright make sure when you do it I want
I really need you to watch both the Fox
News Bernie Bernie Sanders town hall
from from last week as well as whatever
you want to skim through on the on the
CNN 5x Democratic Town Hall this past
Monday it's really important I think if
you watch both of those like they're
both like particularly CNN Bernie
Sanders Town Hall and the Fox worse Town
Hall it's night and day in a way you
wouldn't expect actually yeah I saw
somebody link on one of the questions
Jesus Christ it was like the I
think it was Tapper was asking like so
you want the Boston Marathon bomber to
be blown he's like holy like these
are like some insanely on the CNN one
for Bernie is like damn these are insane
questions but it was garbage yeah they
they had the dumb like we want you
to watch this voluntarily donate your
taxes for the policy your advocate for
you know just like there was so many it
was so many bad things dude I a there's
a lot of cringe by the way - I don't
want to spoil it for you but like I'm if
you're gonna watch the entire thing not
but I if you are going to just look for
the highlights to skip through you got
it there Amy Amy Klobuchar dude has so
many so many cringe moments dude it's
actually terrible it's like it's the
problem is it's like almost it's not
terrible enough to find completely
entertaining but it is incredibly cringe
and in very exhausting and very draining
so yeah check her out
though they gave they gave Kamala Harris
some of the most obnoxious softballs
which it gets way the murder
dude by comparison
meanwhile Bernie gets like like
questions that just made me think I do
this had to be a plan this had to be a
planted agent there's no way a cause was
going to ask this question it's it's so
rooted and just trying to be a gotcha
for Bernie and it was just it was it was
it was really really frustrating so but
yeah check them out though I would tell
you for sure check out also yet it's
because a couple is like two quotes from
from pita booty judge through you like
some you'll know when you see them our
chance to be able to easily tell you
about them but like the idea that God
let me say he was like God God is not
affiliated with any with any political
party which comes off as like is God
like an undecided centrist like what are
you on it was yeah it was it was pretty
it was pretty yikes for me but yeah
check them out when you get a chance but
yeah we could do that next week we can
do Avengers next week what I'm doing
today though is um I thought that was
you know honestly I still haven't
actually watched your your your clap
back with Nick Fuentes but I kind of
debated like should I even do that like
I'm am I just like going in for like
Kabuki theater where I'm gonna like I'm
going in to watch idiocracy that's -
with like Nick Quinta's like doing the
Gish galloping or doing whatever and did
you buy my first phone with me Hassan
Nick Fuentes and yeah I caught most of
that it's also really long the right but
I caught I caught most of that live if
you watch that I think you should watch
my follow up with Quinta's later and you
can see the difference between like a
one-on-one format versus trainwrecks
this format and it's why I'm so big on
format cuz holy the second time was
a lot more brutal than the first time I
really didn't like how the first time
turned out yeah for sure
well also I also feel bad freak psychics
for the nothing less like um cuz I was
like also one of them like wait why why
didn't have Nick Fuentes on here that
guy is literally insane
that guy's like why not actually why am
I so soon yeah but then I heard that you
know he was like he was a fill-in last
minute because um the other person
dipped out and they I didn't wanna but
yeah a trained pop tamami like an hour
beforehand or some shadows I go okay I
guess yeah yeah sometimes it sometimes
it be like that though but yeah yeah I'm
going to UM you know I'm still
speedrunning that that new Yoshi game
force which you knows I'm the Yoshi guy
so I'm trying to get a world record
right now in the category I play but I'm
trying to get better at it so might hop
on that and do some do some six speedrun
stuff and go from there really
oh no I have to come I'm gonna come let
me get today I'm really uh not gonna let
you kind of look me up as I was uh
possibly late last night so I might play
some smash might do some uh do some some
high-octane trihex to your gameplay you
know I mean no
oh cool okay well I'm gonna throw you
that way then okay appreciate it ma'am
thanks lot for joining us we will both
be here next week to talk about the
Avengers movie and yet the burning town
hall stuff I guess and whatever other
political stuff and whatnot pops up so
yeah thanks all for joining us
all right Dobie yeah have fun guys peace
out later
[Music]
