kind of matters because you're like
twisting something in the worst wave
this is like finding a 12 year old and
you're like saying like well you said
that you could have six of the twelve I
was like well yeah if they were 18 it's
like okay but they're 12 is like okay
why scepter 80 like okay but they're 12
like what like why would you go [ __ ] me
boys this is gonna be a painful one I
could feel it
hey what's up buddy oh here he is hey
how's it going okay how you doing I'm
good thank you
let me know on the chat if you guys can
hear destiny I am joined by twitch
streamer destiny who I asked to be here
so we could go over or kill stream
comments he made about political
violence if you don't know destiny is a
twitch streamer he's a far left
extremist and far left extreme the
probably most famous for sometimes
streaming with Hasan [ __ ] of The Young
Turks wait what no is that is that not
your claim to fame no okay what so I'm
one of the first streamers to ever
professionally stream and I've been here
for 10 years and Hasan is a very small
part of what I do and any of my actual
lefty fans that would hear you describe
me as a far left us with hilariously but
okay okay well yeah so we're gonna talk
about political violence if you don't
mind destiny I'm gonna do like a intro
like a three to four minute little just
my position and why I asked you here and
that and then of course you can have
your own three to four minutes to
respond if that's cool like with a rant
and then we can get into just a
unstructured back-and-forth yeah go for
it cuz I have a couple like objections
primary objections I just want to make
sure I get them on the table here so I
don't get distracted because I'm not a
really experienced debater like you so
yeah just to let you know where I'm
coming from I'm a free speech advocate
but I've always felt that there are
types of speech which are not protected
and the most obvious one is the
incitement to violence I do feel like
you've crossed that line
essentially I don't know if like what
you've done we should be considered
criminal necessarily but I would be
really fine with you getting D
platformed at this point based off of
the things that you've been saying
because I do feel like you've crossed
the line and the reason I call you a far
left is extremist is because I've never
heard anything advocated from somebody
with a major platform more extreme than
to say that it would be morally
justified to kill a Democrat a
demographic like the Conservatives in
America which is like I don't know
thirty percent of America let's say so
like that's really extreme like part of
the reason I became an anti sjw youtuber
is because I really didn't like people
going after people's jobs you know I saw
people contacting people's employers and
trying to get them fired because of
political views and I thought that this
was really extreme and not something
that should be happening in a civilized
society where people are supposed to be
able to debate it strikes me is just
like a profoundly anti-american thing to
do to try to ruin somebody's livelihood
because you disagree with them
politically so I am against people going
after jobs and I I do that both ways I
wrote a blog post a long time ago about
when they got some left-wing girl fired
because she said she wanted somebody to
shoot Trump and I said that that was
wrong for people to go after her job and
get her fired and that to be cleared
like that might be considered inciting
violence but I set a really high bar for
what would be considered a credible
threat and that actually relates to what
you were saying when you responding to
the quarterings video when you were
asking why are people bringing up this
six-month-old clip where you were
talking about excising all conservatives
I think the reason people are bringing
it up is because like I heard that clip
a while ago and dominate pesos memed it
and I just gave you the benefit of the
doubt and thought oh he's being edgy
he's being extreme he's he doesn't
really mean this when you go on the
Ralphs retort though and you say I'm I'm
totally cereal I think we should it
would be morally righteous to kill
conservatives that puts it in a
different context where now people can
say okay hold on what's going on here so
that that's my first objection is that
it I just think not only is what you're
advocating for not morally justified but
it's morally repugnant and
it absolutely extreme I can't imagine
anybody saying that that's not an
extreme position and my second objection
which is lesser budge throw it out there
is that the way you've argued for this
strikes me as incoherent and like
lacking in any kind of conviction and I
just feel like the more extreme position
that you're gonna argue for the more
well-founded that belief system should
be you should have put if you're gonna
advocate for violence you should have
put a lot of thought into this you
shouldn't just be kind of waffling and
saying yeah I guess it's okay I don't
know I'm just sort of like like just
being incoherent and essentially weak in
your conviction on something like that
so those are my two arguments and that's
my opening statement you can feel free
to respond if you like um yeah sure um
hold on just writing things down
normally we do this with responses but I
guess I'll just talk a lot and they we
can go back and forth so initially you
open with it you're a free speech
advocate but you think that some types
of speech are protect are not protected
like incitement of violence and you
think and you feel like these people I
think you're saying like these types of
people that directly violent that
directly call for violence cos people
should be deep platform so does this
mean you believe that almost every
single like alt bright character on like
Twitter or YouTube should all be D
platform some people like Richard
Spencer should have all of their social
media accounts removed and everything
I'm guessing you don't believe that but
I guess we'll get into that when we
start talking because I would say that
like calling for like an ethnos state or
the deportation of people that are of a
different skin color sounds like pretty
like big advocacy for violence to me you
said that you call me a far left
experienced because you've never heard
of someone advocate for violence like I
do I don't know if you would consider
like the founding fathers of the United
States far left extremists but I mean
like political violence is like a big
part of our country for a long time I
don't think there's anything extremist
about anything that I'm saying you know
this is I mean the civil rights
movements women's suffrage like the
revolution other revolution where the
civil war like this or the Revolutionary
War as well yeah sure like political
violence always been kind of like a part
of our country's history I don't think
it's only been leftist that have
advocated for that you do this weird
thing when you say that you don't like
people going after people's jobs for
their political
use because it's anti-american but then
you also say that you think that I
should be do platformed I don't know
what to make for that you say that you
set like a really high bar for credible
threats so you were mad that a girl that
said that Trump should be shot was deep
platform but then when I say things like
I think that political violence can be
justified you think that is a credible
threat I'm sure we'll talk more about
that you mentioned that political
violence versus conservatives extreme I
agree it would be extreme which is why I
don't necessarily advocate for it
directly but I mean conservatives do a
lot of extreme things as well but I
guess we'll get into that when we talk
you said in my views are incoherent I
understand why you feel that way I know
a lot of people do the nuance or the
kind of like the line that I walk is I
say like I believe that political
violence could be justified
I personally don't advocate for it
though because I don't think would be an
effective way of getting anything done I
don't think that we should all be out in
the street like having a giant [ __ ]
bloodbath because we're probably not
going to accomplish much in that way but
yeah there you go there's my okay what
do you want to start okay do you want
should we just go through those one by
one yeah sure wherever you want to start
can you can you fare off the first one
yeah sure so the first one you say
you're a free speech advocates you that
there are some types of speech that are
not to be protected such as an
incitement to violence which is
something that I kind of agree with yeah
okay so I guess in order to get to the
bottom of this look so there's this kind
of like wishy-washy thing you do where
you say that it would be morally
righteous but that you don't advocate
for it huh you don't but you don't think
that that's like that morally justifying
something is the same thing as
advocating for it um just because you
might be in the moral right to do
something I don't think it's necessarily
the most effective way to get something
done but somebody could do it and you
would support the action um yeah maybe
yeah yeah this is what I mean by lacking
in conviction well yeah I understand why
yeah I understand it's hard you say like
I would support the action I mean like
what support it how like when I say like
yeah you should go out and do that
probably not but if they did I'm not
gonna sit there and vilify them for it
so like we can use like a real-life
example right we can look at daca right
let's say that you're
Hispanic person and you're looking at
being deported from the United States
and you decide to join like violent
rallies or protests because of that I
can't sit there I don't feel like I have
moral standing to tell that person hey
you you can't be violent when they're
saying well hey these people are
literally trying to kick me out of the
[ __ ] country that I'm in I don't
think I've got the moral standing to do
that now I can say hey I don't think
this is the most effective way to get
your message across it's probably not
going to have like a positive outcome so
I mean like so when you ask me do I
support them I mean like morally I guess
I could support the argument that they
would use for it but in terms of like
outcomes I wouldn't support the
effectiveness of that action all right
so this is another kind of funny thing
you do where you sort of imply that it's
only the people who are targeted by
whatever existential threat that have
this moral standing to to make the call
whereas I would say that anytime
violence is morally justified it could
be easily just as easily justified on
behalf of a third party as it would be
by the person who is targeted by the
existential threat yeah I wouldn't
disagree at all of course I would
definitely agree with that yeah okay so
then you as a third party do have the
standing to say whether or not something
is morally justified like for me it's
very easy to say no daca recipients do
not have the moral justification to go
kill conservatives okay but you think
that they conservatives have the moral
justification to violently remove them
from their country right so first of all
that's a little bit of a straw man I
looked up an NPR poll and it's only like
23 percent of Republicans that are in
favor of deporting and and that dreamers
and to be clear there's a bit of a
distinction between dreamers and daca
recipients like daca recipients
basically have an extra level of
protection on top of the dreamers so
presumably it would be less than 23
percent of Republicans who support
deporting the daca people so that that's
kind of like a fringe minority once
you're talking about getting down to
like 20 percent of Republicans it's kind
of crazy to go out and
and start killing people just because
they might be part of the 20% that want
you deported there's there also seems to
be like very little threat of the daka
people actually being deported but
having said all that like even let's
just say for the sake of argument they
were going to be deported that it's
totally legitimate for them to be
deported they don't have the moral
authority to go out and kill people
because they're being deported from a
place where they do not have the right
to be okay so well I don't want to like
do like a ton of checking on so you so
you're saying 23 or 24 percent of
Republic's are in favor of deporting
daca recipients I see here 83 percent o
dreamers okay 83 percent of Republicans
thought Trump made the right decision on
ending daca okay yeah it's interesting
you didn't tell me about 83 percent
number but I'm not talking about
deporting ending daca is different from
deporting kind of I mean if you end daca
you're basically getting rid of you're
removing the legal protections of these
people have to say from their country so
somebody like ice would be able to
deport somebody that was previously
protected by doctor from being deported
right yeah you know what daca
stands for right it's like deferred
action on something or whatever yeah a
deferred action for childhood arrivals
you know what deferred means right then
eventually they would have to go through
a process to receive citizenship yes
it's there's no guarantee that you get
to stay what daca says is you get a
reprieve while we try to figure out this
morally gray area well we did while we
decide what to do we're gonna give you a
certain it's a two-year I believe they
give you a two-year thing that you then
have to renew every two years yep right
so when they cancelled daca first of all
they're not rescinding any of the daca
grants that have been granted they're
not saying oh you got granted a two-year
reprieve a year ago we're gonna kick you
out now everybody's daca protections are
honored what they're saying is we're not
going to allow you to renew because
we've decided
that this like theoretically this
probably isn't gonna happen but
theoretically if it went this far
they'd say we've decided that we don't
want you here right which is totally
legitimate
wait whoa okay knowing the fact that
this is legitimate I don't know anything
you just said changes anything that I've
said earlier so you're removing the
ability for people to come under the
daca protection because you're removing
their ability to renew their protection
for it right so of your connection if
your renewal was coming up in a month
that you can only go do that right so I
don't know it's like somebody comes here
and gets a work visa and then they say
we're not gonna renew your work visa
you'll start killing people well sure so
that's a horrendous miss friend we're
not talking about somebody coming in
front and getting a work visa we're
typically talking about people that were
like brought into this country and I've
been living here like through no like
action of their own like these aren't
people that just came over like oh I'm a
27 year old guy and Here I am for my
work visa right these are people that
have been in the country through what we
would say is like they're no fault of
their own right yeah I get that and
that's why I agree it is a morally gray
area and I think that most people
probably feel the same as I do which
would be to say don't kick these the
people who we've already sort of given
this like extreme amount of hope to
let's let's let them be stay let's let
them grandfather in but we're not going
to keep doing this we're not going to
say we have an open borders loophole
that allows people to come into the
country illegally well so when you say
okay so firstly you say morally gray I
don't think there's much moral greyness
to somebody who's facing potential
deportation or because they have no
right to be here right so they're here
illegitimately so where do they go
afterwards though from from that person
back to the country they came from
that's that doesn't make sense what
you're saying they've lived here it's
like some of these people have live here
so they're like one or two years old
they didn't come from a country like
it's not like you're sending them back
to like oh yeah okay so do you think
that like if a parent drags their kid
across the border should that parent be
allowed to stay I'm kind of like full
libertarian in this issue so I would say
yes but I mean so you're essentially
open borders yeah of course yeah you
just think anybody should be able to
come and live in America yeah because I
fall in the I'm like a big capitalist so
I think that like
markets should figure these issues out I
don't believe in like some civic
nationalism or ethno or whatever borders
[ __ ] no I don't really care as much I
feel like economically most of this
should sort of sort yourself out I mean
okay well like I guess that explains
your position but there are laws there
are rules and they're there for a reason
whether yeah like daca is one of them
right yeah but also democracy allows for
Corrections where stuff like that can be
rescinded
sure so it it's all like a legitimate
lawful process to rescind that and to
say okay you guys have to go back yeah
sure but you don't think that those
people that are facing possible
deportation can't feel like their lives
are under threat that they might have
like the moral authority to take extra
legal actions you don't think it's
impossible to make it feel that way they
can feel like their quality of lives are
under threat and if they were facing
deportation their quality of life would
legitimately be under threat but that
doesn't mean that they get to go start
punching random people who maybe don't
support what might possibly happen to
them that's just ridiculous what if you
were to find out that you were brought
here at the age of two and this isn't
actually your home country and that
people were facing to deport you and
they felt like they had to rule of law
on their side do you think that you
should just suck it up and take it you
just have to leave yeah I mean I'd be
probably getting like British
citizenship for like Irish or Scottish
because that's where my background is
I'd be cool with that okay I feel like
most people wouldn't
maybe you're super chill with it but I
feel like most people don't like the
idea being removed from like the country
that they identify with that that's a
pretty egregious action of a government
to take to remove you from I guess the
line that you kind of like born with and
identify with but they're not born here
most of them were not like one years old
I'm sorry not born here but like that
you'd like lived here like most at the
very least most of your like adolescent
and adult life maybe we're out of here
when you were like four or five or six I
don't know the average age of like a doc
a person is but they clearly don't
identify as like oh yeah my home might
the home state of like Mexico or like my
country of like whatever other place you
know El Salvador or some [ __ ] like oh
yeah I'll gladly go back there I
remember
there when I was four like I mean I
think a lot of them do you identify with
their heritage but I'm like I'm not
gonna get into that argument because
it's kind of pointless but let me throw
a Nanak or like a hyper what's the word
hypothetical you like these
hypotheticals right yeah they're good
way to make arguments yeah okay I got I
got a hypothetical for you let's say
that you got this twelve-year-old gay
kid right okay and he runs away from
home because his parents are like
hardcore Christian conservatives who
beat him every day trying to beat the
gay out of him so now he's homeless and
he's got to live on the streets and he
starts turning tricks and he meets this
guy who spikes him with acid and ecstasy
and a bunch of other does a bunch of
other things that I won't get into you
and then you destiny Steven barnaul
third of your name you wake up in your
like lavish house in LA and you hear a
sound in the basement and you go down
there and you see this naked homeless
gay kid and he's totally disoriented
he's like he doesn't know how he got
there what the [ __ ] going on
and you say well look man you got to get
out or I'm calling the cops you can't
stay here and he says please he says
Steven Barnell I can see that you're an
honorable man can I can I stay here for
two weeks well I try to get my [ __ ]
together and just figure some stuff out
and you're a good guy so you say okay
I'll give you two weeks you know and
then I want to know it at what point as
the two-week deadline approaches does he
become morally does it become morally
righteous for him to kill you in your
sleep with a claw hammer
I don't think I would ever accept him
initially to stay here for two weeks
oh so it's it's it's this Olly Olly
oxen-free thing that once you've granted
a certain time period then you can't
rescind it as long as we never gave daca
then it would be okay to kick them out
and they wouldn't know I'm so I'm not
sixteen years old so I would recognize
that there's a difference between like
personal responsibility over somebody
else's well-being versus having like a
state that
has dedicated branches of government
that deal with that this is like this is
the same tier of argument as somebody
saying like oh well you're in favor of
open borders well then why don't you
house 20 immigrants like inside your
bedroom because there's a huge
difference
well it's no it's not though like the
state takes on different types of
responsively for instance I don't hire
like a personal military to go do war
with other countries but I pay taxes for
a military that's and I'm part of NATO
and the UN like that's a totally
different thing the state because we pay
taxes to a federal government the state
has different types of responsibilities
that a personal person doesn't their
private citizen doesn't have I don't
think like a private citizen has a
responsibility to give homeless people
like money on the street but I do think
that as part of our taxes like the
federal government should probably have
the responsibility of taking care of
these people these are two totally in
wholly different things so it's okay for
the state to take money out of my pocket
and give it to people who come here
illegitimately breaking the rules but
it's not okay for for me to say if
somebody sneaks into your house you
legitimately you now have some kind of
obligation to take care of them correct
yes we can I can talk about the
differences but if I really need to do I
really need to tell you the difference
between compelling like a state to do
something that is like funded by all
taxpayers that has institutions that are
that the difference mean that versus
like an individual having to make a very
large personal do I need to talk about
the difference in those two things right
but I as a taxpayer sure we have the
right to vote against allowing those
people to stay of course you do yeah you
absolutely have that right of course
yeah but but it would be morally
righteous for people to kill me um yeah
they could they feel yeah your vote is
responsibility no what do you do you
believe that it would be morally
righteous to kill people who vote
conservative yes or no really I'm not
really I mean I've said this like any
time no I don't like I'll be as clear as
I can be I think that a lot of people
could be morally justified in doing so
right I think there's a lot of countries
when people go to the polls and they
vote for people that do measurable harm
to your existence whether it's kicking
you out of a country whether it's
revoking your health care whether it's
voting to bomb the [ __ ] out of a country
what you're not a citizen of the country
so you don't have a right I'm a citizen
the United States so what I'm telling
you are you are the docker kids aren't
okay but people but I'm saying that
other people could could feel justified
in taking action see for would you vote
so for instance I can citizen could feel
justified in taking action against the
citizens of a country that do [ __ ] we
actually [ __ ] we even believe this in
America right now or maybe you don't cuz
I don't know if you're [ __ ] alright or
not but a lot of people in America for
instance think that it's righteous for
Israel to bomb Palestine because
Palestinians keep voting in Hamas right
how is that's literally the same type of
thing like well [ __ ] it we can kill
Palestinian citizens all day because
they [ __ ] vote for Hamas that an acts
of violence or tries to against Israeli
citizens this isn't like a controversial
position people just freak out because
they're really uncomfortable having to
take responsibility for the positions
they vote for but yeah if you're voting
for things that are gonna do measurable
harm or or or disastrous harm to
people's lives like kicking them out of
a country or like destroying their
health care or bombing the [ __ ] out of
other countries then I think that yeah
there is some responsibility that comes
along with your vote you need to be
prepared for the other actions of people
could take against you yeah okay but
here's my problem and why I keep saying
that you're willful waffling is that you
you keep using these terms like it could
be justified and then you give these
hypothetical examples or whatever but
I'm trying to get to the core of what
you personally believe personally I
don't think that you should enact
violence over stuff like this because
society would turn into a [ __ ] [ __ ]
show he'll be [ __ ] horrible if
everybody started killing each other of
the streets over this stuff nothing
would get done it would it to be honest
the people on the Left would probably
[ __ ] lose because most I'm Cameron
well must be on the right I guess don't
shoot either but like I probably we just
probably wouldn't be good for society at
all probably turn things into a huge
[ __ ] show but I don't like the fact that
people feel like they have no
responsibility over what they vote for
so I think they should acknowledge that
there are people that could take violent
actions against them and be wholly
justified in doing so because of the
types of people that they vote in so you
think that it would be morally justified
to start a shitshow bloodbath
depending on like the type of person you
are how you're impacted by certain
policies or how you feel yeah I do
this is again back to this if you're if
you're impacted then yes but that's a
distinction that doesn't see no no I
shouldn't say impacted this is like it's
this is just not a position that I feel
like very like
like again like I've said a million if I
don't have a gave her people going out
in the street and like enacting like
violent acts again this is my problem is
you're advocating the most extreme and I
don't advocate it for that's the problem
I don't feel strong about it because
it's not efficient I advocate no but I
don't this is it's yeah so I know this
is really Harvey to follow because
people like to like clip out these one
things that they feel like they can like
slaughter man but this is just not a
position that I feel very strongly about
but my position is not controversial
this is a position that has been backed
historically for all of human history
like it's so hilarious to see like
online like Internet warriors like
laughing and they'd be like oh wait you
think that you can enact violence
against people just because of the
policies they want of course that's how
all of human history is worked it's the
history of our own country it's not a
controversial position and like the fact
that I would say the like yeah it can be
justified if you're like oh well you
think you should go out and kill
everybody right now well no of course
not I don't think it would be very good
to do that any like oh well you're
waffling on your position not waffling
on my position I'm just telling you that
there are people that could feel fully
[ __ ] justified and have the
justifications to enact violence but
it's not think it's a good idea right is
it morally justified to kill all Muslims
in Saudi Arabia
who anyone um I don't know I guess if
you were part of the people like I mean
probably it depends on like what you're
looking at I guess right it's like if
you have this [ __ ] thing I know that
you're used to like spitting out like
one or two [ __ ] answers video get
your marching orders know some shitty
[ __ ] daily storm or blog or something
but no I have to think about it I don't
know like so if you're asking me like is
it morally just try to take action
against like a sunni state that funds
like Sunni extremism like in the Middle
East I don't know there are probably a
lot of people that could feel that way
if you're somebody like in [ __ ] Yemen
or if you side with the people in Yemen
that are having their existence [ __ ]
destroyed by people that are funded by
people that live in Saudi Arabia yeah
there are probably people that could
feel the way you know even if you're
somebody from the United States that
identifies with these groups of people
were think that yeah sure
you probably excited yeah I'm just
trying to get to the core of how you
feel and what you believe so just ask me
and I could tell you the core of how
what I feel I believe it's morally
justified to kill all Muslim we do you
want the call well it could be by some
people I'm sure okay sure
you because a ton of people use a ton of
different moral system but ton of people
have a lot of different normative
frameworks for what I believe okay sure
for me I don't think you should advocate
for or enact violence against groups of
people unless it is an absolute last
alternative because people getting
killed over a political conflict is
really really really [ __ ] bad and at
that point like your institutions have
to be destroyed and failing you will
have to accept that a whole bunch more
violence is going to happen as a result
of that and you might not even enact the
type of change that you want for
instance a lot of political violence
leads to turmoil and states that fall
into disrepair that end up being taken
over by people that are even more
extreme right so that's my position my
position is you should very very rarely
advocate for political violence okay so
we agree then fundamentally you've
totally walked back I would say what
you've been saying on the kill stream
and stuff like that you say like what
I've been saying like this is a huge
talking point so again I implore you to
talk to like a [ __ ] historian or
something my position is not one that is
extreme everybody throughout all of
history has an active violence no your
your position that you just laid out is
not extreme because you said you're
against the violence yeah but I haven't
what this has been my position always
I've never walked this back I think
there's like one clip of me I think
talking to doctor layman like six months
ago more like [ __ ] I [ __ ] hate
conservators on a [ __ ] exercise all
over my country but like other than that
like one clip where I'm like super
[ __ ] like heated and me me or
whatever I've always followed it up with
I don't personally advocate for
political battles in every single time
you can ask my chai you gonna ask I
probably even said it during the [ __ ]
kill stream but like yeah I don't sit
here and advocate for people to go out
and enact political violence no you said
is that you would defend the position
that it's morally righteous to kill
conservatives yeah sure I guess it could
I would have to see the exact quote and
in regards what I'm talking to I think
that there are people that could make
those arguments though but I would not
advocate for it I know it sounds like
really hard for you to grasp like these
that it's meaningless there are people
who could make any kind of argument like
who [ __ ] cares what other
hypothetical people might say okay
here's a question how do you feel about
second Amendment rights do you think the
second member is really important
something you should know about me as
I'm Canadian okay all right sure
a lot of conservatives in the United
States and I guess maybe around the
world they're attacking me over this
would have been the same conservative
saying that like you have the moral
authority to kill people from the
federal government that come to your
house to try to take your guns as
Americans we feel real strong about the
Second Amendment and where people were
talking about Obama trying to take our
guns a lot of your like oh well they
could take out over my dead body like
I'm gonna stand and fight and like
people were totally okay making those
arguments now I'm I kind of like the
Second Amendment as well just because I
enjoy like personally shooting and
whatnot and I would probably say like
sure if you thought like your guns were
under threat of being taken from the
federal government and that was like a
really important right to you yeah you
could probably morally justify you know
violent action against the government in
that in that state sure but I'm not
gonna advocate for it I'm not gonna say
oh yeah we should go to [ __ ] war with
the government to protect our guns
like I don't can you understand the two
difference is there between advocating
or something versus saying like you
could make like a reasonable argument
for it or yeah I mean it's kind of
meaningless though because you're saying
that there's something that's moral but
that you're against it it's kind of like
a double think well it's not a double
thing it's like a it's like a it's like
it's a question like meta ethics versus
normative others so the difference is
that the the framework through which I
view everything is a very
consequentialist framework so what I do
is I look at or what I try to do is what
would be like what would produce the
best possible outcome for my country the
best possible outcome right and if one
of those outcomes is ensuring that most
people that live here are allowed to
remain here and be happy and now I'm
looking at like people who are in the
daka situation who who are saying like
oh well I'm gonna be removed in this
country I don't think that in them
enacting political violence helps my
framework let's do things that make most
number people happy because that's gonna
lead to a lot of things being [ __ ] up
however if you follow the normative
ethical theory of day ontology and you
feel like an action in and of itself can
be justified without looking at the
consequences somebody like that would
say oh well somebody is coming to kick
me out of my country I can enact
violence against them
you know consequences be damned now even
though we could come at this like from
different places like I can understand
and approve of their argument I just
would disagree with it even though it's
like morally justified I would disagree
that because I look at things from a
consequential point of view and somebody
else might look at it from a different
point of view does that make sense yeah
it's a bit weaselly I would say it's a
bit like dog whistling I
what am i I can't like I can't really
fault it because if there is a there's
like a technicality that you're kind of
hiding behind here which is this whole
like it's moral but I don't care okay
would it make you better if I said this
I in the United States right now I don't
think anybody should be enacting
widespread political violence does that
make you happy if I say that yeah I mean
you already said that earlier yeah I
have upset at it a number of times
outside of this conversation as well but
yeah okay okay well let's go back to the
Saudi Arabia question because I think
this is kind of relevant sure let me ask
you this first do you think that Nazis
could be considered morally righteous um
not really because we're not gonna have
like any ethical question that we agree
on I would never defend I mean like they
could make their argument I would never
defend I would never agree with any
aspect ever to defend any aspect of it
because I don't believe like in racial
superiority for instance right so I feel
like there's a contradiction now and
what you've been saying because you on
the kill stream which is why I asked you
on here was to talk about the kill
stream or the ruffle or whatever you
attack soap and called her Nazi for
saying that all Muslims should not see
yeah and you said that it would be
morally ethical for people to commit
violence against her as long as she
turns 18 first okay
I'm pretty sure I explicitly didn't call
her a Nazi but okay yeah yeah no yeah
okay yeah I don't think I've ever called
her Nazi but um okay wait so what's the
way basically has nazi-like views and
that it would be okay to for people to
do political violence against her if she
were 18 that's a yes sure that's a
really funny way of me saying I don't
think it would be okay for people to
enact political violence against her but
okay yeah you said that it would be
morally okay for them to do that if she
but she's a teenager so it wouldn't be
right if she wasn't okay so this is what
I called Nicolas Fuentes and not see if
that makes you feel better I think I do
think that he is like you gave the stamp
of approval well no I don't think so
well
there's a difference that's like I mean
like as a 14 year old who the [ __ ] knows
what the [ __ ] they think I don't know if
so but like I'm not gonna give like the
same level of culpability for beliefs to
a 14 year old as it would to somebody
legal or in southern Nicholas puentez
sure but an 18 year old then it's okay
doesn't matter the point that I'm trying
to make here kind of matters because
you're like twisting something in the
worst way like this is like saying like
this is like finding a 12 year old and
you're like saying like well you said
that you could have six of the 12 I was
like well yeah if they were 18 it's like
okay but they're twelves like okay well
I said they're 80 like okay but they're
12 like what like why would you go like
I specifically was asked you think it
would be okay to enact political
violence again so and I said no 13 year
old girls I'm claiming that based on
soaps beliefs you think that it would be
morally okay to beat up an 18 year old
girl who had those yeah that was saying
things like killed all Muslims and [ __ ]
yeah for sure yes okay you just said
that it could be morally justified to
kill all Muslims in Saudi Arabia I'm
sorry wait did this include like like
like kids and stuff too I'm sorry okay
you got me listen you got me you got me
hold on if this was a if this was a
gotcha then you got me if you meant kill
all Muslims in Saudi Arabia and you were
including like seven year olds and [ __ ]
then you've totally got me there okay
that is not what I thought that question
was asking I thought if you were asking
like as a violence against like say
civilians or the state of Saudi maybe
just I'm talking about the fact that so
they make let's use a real-world example
they execute gays in Saudi Arabia cough
their heads off with a scimitar I
believe is the method yeah so based off
of that and that would clearly meet the
bar that you set for violence as a
project so like let's say there was like
an extremist like LGBT group that was
operating in Saudi Arabia right I think
that they could operate with some level
of moral justification sure it doesn't
have to be an extremist LGBT or sure for
somebody the people in the group don't
have to be LGBT but people could yeah if
people feel like those are things that
are worth defending
or whatever or those are things that
they find morally repugnant then yeah I
yeah people could have that
justification sure right so it's the the
Islamic ideology that leads to that so
in the same way that it's conservative
ideology that may potentially lead to
dhaka kids getting deported and you say
therefore we can justify killing all
conservatives even though only 23
percent of them support this it could
therefore easily be morally justified to
kill all Muslims
therefore what so said can't be
considered Nazism but must be considered
morally justifiable but you said Nazis
are never morally justified so you have
this contradiction okay hold on let me
follow let me fall back so first of all
Muslims can lead you down like a lot of
different paths that don't all end in
killing gay people I don't think that
being a focus okay conservatism that's
my poor sure it could but my point with
conservatism ended up being with how you
voted right that was the reason why I
waited for self to be 18 because that's
the point that you vote right and voting
can be a way of enacting political
violence against groups of people for
instance if you go and you vote for
somebody that is going to establish
policies that are going to cause like
groups of people to suffer harm right
then to some level you've become
culpable of that right I don't know I
mean I I'm not I don't know I haven't
like considered political violence
against Saudi Arabia I would have to dig
in I don't think that a conversation
about Saudi Arabia has I don't think I
don't I don't think I need to talk about
Saudi Arabia first of all and I don't I
did not call sofa Nazi okay and also I
don't know what Saudi Arabia has to do
with this discussion I don't think I
need a history on every country in the
world to have a discussion on political
violence well the context is that self--
made comments about Muslims
yes which i think is bad I don't think
you can make blanket statements about
all Muslims there like a huge variety of
Muslims that have like a huge variety of
beliefs I agree I think soph agrees with
that as she said but I think the same
applies to conservatives except in the
United States if you're voting for like
one party you're kind of like hardline
voting for like a pretty like concise
of policies that you're looking at like
conservatives all voted on board with
for instance defunding the affordable
care act like this isn't something that
like a lot of conservatives had trouble
doing like this is something pretty much
everybody voted in favor of well the
problem with this argument and the
quartering even brought this up in your
discussion with him is that you can use
the same logic to justify killing
Democrats because so both party you got
a two-party system you got both parties
that can be accused of doing things that
are more that are existential threats to
somebody therefore you can justify
killing so under you've created this
moral system where everybody who votes
in America could be morally righteously
killed sure depending on the cut sound
like a good moral system to me that
sounds like a really shitty moral system
it does sound like a shitty moral system
but it's only because we live in North
America we don't think about the
consequences of our actions and any
other [ __ ] part of the world now after
the quarterings cover some two choices
to vote for whose fault is that I would
say nobody it's the American public in
the way that they vote I don't think
that crying that you only have a limited
there's a reason why we only have a
limited number of politicians our vote
for one is because that's typically what
Americans are interested in now we can
blame you know the corporations or
something else but at the end of the day
we live in a democracy and we vote in
the way that we do and that's the web
that's the way that things go like
people complain that we only had Trump
versus Hillary there were a lot more
candidates in the primaries that didn't
make it through not maybe on the
Democrat side but especially in the
Republican side and I just think it's
really absurd now again to triple
quadruple back to my original point I'm
not advocating because using my system
almost anybody could kill [ __ ]
everybody around the [ __ ] world I
acknowledge that I just don't like the
incredible shortsightedness that an
American or a North American would say
when they go well I think it's really
extreme that you're talking about how we
connect political violence anybody
meanwhile you've got people in Yemen
being [ __ ] obliterated you've got
Syria that turned into a [ __ ] failed
state you've got all sorts of [ __ ]
happening in [ __ ] North Africa with
[ __ ] Libya all over [ __ ] South
America and Mexico because of American
policies and then like as soon as an
American is told like hey people could
[ __ ] you up because of what you do
they're like whoa what whoa dude that's
extreme man well the foreign policies
that we've supported as a country have
been [ __ ] over the rest of the entire
[ __ ] world like I thought that just
that seems like the extreme position to
me right
I just feel like a system so did you you
voted Democrat in the last few elections
I assume right yep right so you are
morally justifying violence against
yourself to some extent yeah look at how
hawkish Democrat foreign policy has been
yeah for sure
no there is no because not enough other
Americans feel the same not enough other
Americans feel the same way that I feel
exactly you don't really have a choice
it's not but a majority of America does
let's say enact violence against people
for something like that that they they
have no power over it's way above here's
what I'm saying let's say sight sure but
what let's say somebody in [ __ ] Yemen
got their hands on a nuclear bomb and
[ __ ] nuke some part of the United
States and it killed me or my family
like [ __ ] like that would suck and I
would [ __ ] hate for it to happen but
a [ __ ] like can I [ __ ] blame them I
sure as [ __ ] can't because the policies
that my country have supported have led
to demonstrable [ __ ] harm and a ton
of other people's lives around the world
and it's really [ __ ] but like I mean I
just don't like the idea that nobody
takes responsibility for the decisions
that their countries make or the
decisions of their votes like lead to I
mean I just don't feel like you have any
power over that like you're putting way
too much accountability on just the
average citizen when America who's not
out here they have they have no sane
like there's no referendum on whether or
not we go into Libya you know what I'm
saying you can't you can't control these
things okay I mean I disagree I think
that I think that our foreign policy is
a huge reflection of the American
Exceptionalist attitude that we've had
over at the very least since World War
two where we feel like we do have the
moral authority to step on any other
country in the world as long as we're
doing it for American interests and I
think that that attitude is hardcore
expressed in the way that we vote for
people and as hardcore express in the
way that we approach other countries
around the world and I do think that
America there are consequences for the
way that you act I mean we've seen it in
what's happened to us and things like
9/11 and [ __ ] like there are
consequences all over the world for
American actions and I don't like that
voters feel like they share no
responsibility in that I think that's a
ridiculous position to take so you think
that 9/11 is America
chickens coming home to roost absolutely
of course this isn't even a
controversial position I mean like it's
absolutely not it is not a controversial
position whatsoever oh it is because
here's why destinies is do you think
that like the Philippines have terrorist
attacks because of their foreign policy
do you think that Sri Lanka has their
churches bombed on Easter because of the
Sri Lankan foreign policy I have no
[ __ ] idea what you know it's it's no
there the session happens because of
what you might refer to as weird Islamic
[ __ ] that's what so that's so the
whole history of imperialism for the
past 300 years has been attributed to
Muslims is that I'm not sure how you got
I have no idea what you what quantum
leap we're making here how we how we
just went from American Apparel ISM to
weird Islamic [ __ ] I don't I can yet
so connect the dots for me more or oh
yeah sure so there is no connection to
imperialism that's what I'm saying like
Muslims kill people everywhere they are
that's what they do every day so why
don't we see way more [ __ ] terrorist
attacks around the world if there's
almost two billion Muslims what there
was a report Muslim Islamic extremism
killed like eighty eight thousand people
in 2017 compared to how much other types
of extremism 88,000 people sounds like a
pretty low number given the population
is like seven billion plus I mean like
how many other types of you know how
many other types of Peaks are incredibly
high number if you compare it to other
forms of extremism yeah what other saw
how much extremists you like like like
all writers or or conservatives or just
extremists by comparison
okay I got let me I don't have the
numbers because you just said 88,000 so
for Islamic extremism because there's I
saw a report on that but for you to say
that that's high you must know like the
approximate numbers of the other
I know that's fine hold on so I'm not
trying to like get you on a number now
I'm just I'm really cure it is entirely
possible that that number is far higher
than other numbers I'm just I'm really
curious what the numbers are for like
religious violence in other parts of the
world versus like Islamic violence right
yeah it's it's high like I've seen
charts that show the percentage and
stuff like that and it's way way high
like it's not even comparable like we're
talking like hundreds of times hundreds
of times higher for Islamic extremism I
don't like I'm surprised that this is a
contentious well because it also depends
on like how you define like Islamic
extremism as well right so like for
instance like would you say that
killings by Isis in Iraq and Syria does
that count as Islamic extremism or are
these military factions okay so Isis
which considered itself or was trying to
make itself a state right the Islamic
state of is whatever at eleven in a
river right ISIL is women so it so Isis
that tried to create themselves as like
an Islamic state and then was killing
people and what it considered like
justified military action that's
considered a form of Islamic extremism
what about like when America drone
strikes people or kill civilians as part
of bombings does this count as Christian
extremism or not
so no first of all because you're
talking about like anti-terrorist
measures that a country at war is doing
versus wait so the people that we kill
in Yemen the civilians would kill in
Yemen with drone strikes is considered
anti-terrorist measures I don't think
we're intentionally killing civilians in
Yemen are we I mean it it might not be
intentional but we still do I mean what
about when Israel intentionally like
blows up schools and hospitals and [ __ ]
because they say Hamas is hiding their
destiny is when Muslims come and commit
terror in Europe or America or wherever
they don't say that they're doing it
because of foreign policies I mean well
that's exactly why we got 9/11 we
realize that that was exactly why
generally speaking they say that they
want to kill kafar because that's what
Allah wills you know I'm saying
like they're doing it for religious
reasons okay my understanding is that a
lot of these times justification is
given based on like specific I mean like
I'm more familiar with like the 9/11
attacks but like bin Laden wrote pretty
extensively for why he felt like he was
justified in doing so and all of his
fought was like he literally wrote like
a list of reasons for [ __ ] that the
United States had done specific actions
they'd done and I'm pretty sure Isis did
similarly [ __ ] I want to feel like in
that because I used to watch those
[ __ ] Isis videos where they would
specifically talk about like things that
the United States had done and this is
why we're doing this and this is why
we're killing this person and this is
why we're doing this like people I don't
know like it's very weird that like when
you start to dig into like the history
of the Middle East you just don't find
all of these groups of people like oh
we're just doing this because of
religious reasons like generally it's
because of massive geopolitical divides
generally it's because of massive like
favoritism shown by the government
towards certain minority groups and not
other groups right like if you look at
the bathroom party in Iraq on the way
that they treated Sunni minorities in
Iraq like none of this was just like Oh
Sunni extremism is here in Iraq because
oh well they're just religiously
motivated it's more like oh well it's
been an oppressed group of people for a
long period of time that are being
funded by other people in other parts of
the world and is this huge geopolitical
thing it's not like Allah told me to do
this thing lol I'm a Muslim and I hate
everybody like it's usually a lot more
complicated than that we're probably
getting out of my depth and like way
beyond the scope of the discussion sure
here's something that like if you if you
look up any conflict in the Middle East
you never to take my word for it if you
look up any conflict in the Middle East
I so this is for me my history is
garbage
I'll admit that but I never found an
instance where it's like oh this group
in Syria is trying to kill Assad because
Allah told them to usually these things
have a lot of history behind them and a
lot of geopolitical [ __ ] going on in
conjunction with everything else it's
very I've never seen anything what's
just like oh Allah commanded us and here
we are
yeah I'm not equipped to have a real
serious geopolitical discussion here
that's not what I signed up for but I
like I will just say does not the
Crusades and like the moblins likes
taking Constantinople you don't think
there's really I agree let's not do the
history thing okay cuz all of this is
like gonna be really complicated in
terms of like who started what and what
went where
like yeah we're not gonna walk all the
way back to the Crusades here's like a
hypothetical question I bring up okay
let's say that you took a
muslim-majority nation and let's say
that they went to war with another with
another country and let's say that their
leader their head of state said I went
when I was thinking about whether or not
I should go to war with this country
I read the I read the Quran and Allah
spoke to me and said that I should go to
war with this country would you consider
that like a form of like Islamic
extremism that these are like
religiously motivated Wars yeah one hunt
you really would you'd think so I know
where this is going someone said that
that God told them to go to war yeah
well I mean like Bush literally said
that right
yeah well that's stupid okay well I mean
Trump said the same thing to right when
he Trump was running for the campaign he
said the two most important books were
his book in the Bible so I mean like
saying that the Bible is important to
you is not the same as saying God told
me to bomb this country okay well Bush
said that about going to war with Iraq I
don't know if Trump has made a similar
thing about praying to God before
bombing other countries but I mean it's
crazy how much leniency we give to
Christians but then anytime Allah is
mentioned for a Muslim it's like oh well
that's definitely Islamic extremism this
is why I said I wonder what counts as
like Islamic extremists killings if a
lot of this is like more due to like
local conflict or something you know
like when Turkish people kill like PKK
Kurdish people in their country does
that count as Islamic extremism or when
Syrians are funded by our CIA to try to
dethrone Assad and [ __ ] serious
Islamic extremism like I don't know I
get that that's really complicated [ __ ]
yeah I see I already know what you're
gonna say but I'll just throw this out
there anyways is that I think a lot of
people voted for Trump because they were
under the impression that he was going
to scale back foreign intervention and
stuff like that
there's no Trump that said we were going
to bomb that oh bomb and we're gonna
kill terrorists families
okay yeah I mean I think contradictory
statements they're essentially like I
know a lot of people said that I know a
lot of people were pissed off when he
sent those missile strikes against Syria
because they wanted to get out of all of
that and they thought Trump was going to
get them out of all that I think there's
a difference between like drone strikes
and essentially war
against a country this is probably the
distinction that people are making but I
guess let that's all I'm trying to say
is like a lot of people who voted for
Trump probably were under the impression
that he was gonna reduce foreign
intervention whether that was a fair
impression for them to be under or not
is debatable but I like again I just
think it's insane to say that we should
target those people of violence because
they voted for somebody who's doing
something that the other party would
also be doing ok sure all right I don't
really have a whole lot to add like I
think you've pretty strongly scaled back
your your advocacy for violence here in
a way that I we I can agree with an S
man if you wouldn't listen to like five
more seconds of any of my conversations
we wouldn't even had to have this
conversation at all how how crazy is
that I mean dude I listen to the kill
stream thing like three times because I
made a video on it there's there's other
stuff you said in there that I thought I
disagreed with but I don't really feel
like we need to go into it because this
conversation didn't go exactly how you
want it is that oh no it went it went
fine I mean I like I think you've
basically admitted that you don't
believe you you don't have any
conviction in the things that you've
been more trying to morally justify
you're just saying they're morally
justified under somebody else's system
and I don't actually agree with it yeah
that's true so so from a normative
ethics point of view I would be
considered a rule utilitarian a rule
utilitarian a form of consequentialism
where I look for what rules in society
can we craft to make the best outcomes
I've never changed this position over
the past several years I've never I
don't advocate for political but I'm
pretty pretty strongly shown your
hypocrisy and how you called sofa Nazi
and said that so I didn't call sofa Nazi
well I'll see if I could find the clip
or not it might have been something
alike nazi-like views sure that's true
she does see she did seem to have a lot
of like pushing them not to like views
or whatever okay so mine are distinct
in there so you said she has not see
like views but then you base that offer
for statement about Muslims but then you
also said that all Muslims like this is
something that I notice it a lot of
conservatives have trouble with and it's
always like something that it really
frustrates me is this like an ability to
see nuance on anything and like these
conversations are so complicated they're
do a lot of nuance so for instance do
you think that there's a difference
between saying somebody might be
homophobic versus somebody might commit
to some homophobic actions or have some
homophobic views do you think there's a
difference are those two are those the
exact same thing for you I think that
it's a it's a pretty irrelevant
distinction okay that distinction is
paramount to me I think it's incredibly
important to recognize the difference
between these things
but if you don't I mean it I mean it
makes sense while you're conservative I
guess if you don't want to even look at
literally anything I think that when you
smear somebody with a term like Nazi or
homophobic or whatever the the little
plausible deniability that you leave
yourself to say oh I wasn't calling her
a Nazi I think that that's that's just
more weakness okay I'm sorry that nuance
appears his weakness to you ah [ __ ] it
makes so much sense though I understand
you have no conviction no I understand
that right this is like the saying of
like Trump is like is like a weak man's
version of a strong man like to you
conviction means making simple
statements that sound right that offer
no gray area in no room for new eyes
it's like it's how you view the world
right like I wish everything has had a
simple Muslim bad America good Dhaka bad
like that's what it sounds like that's
what you're saying to me though you're
totally unwilling to see the new ones
and like any pullet like these oh yeah I
don't know I'm sorry I feels like I'm
just out ha me now which I kind of am so
do you I'll give you the final word what
do you got I'm not like running away or
anything I just like my other I guess
like like some of the problems I had
just to let you know what those were I
don't want to kick off a whole nother
thing but like you're saying that white
people and man are not targeted and
conservatives are not targeted but this
is kind of part of your wiffle waffling
because you originally said you were
being hyperbolic
then you justified the hyper ball ISM by
saying it's okay to make genocide jokes
about nah
protected classes and uh yeah I
understand I make sense I agree so like
for instance like if I say like you
probably shouldn't make genocide jokes
about black people but it's probably
okay about white people that's like a
contradiction to you right yeah yeah I
understand to me it for me to explain
why you would invite and it would just
sound like wiffle waffle to you cuz all
of this stuff is just yeah yeah I mean
there's hate crimes against white people
just like there's there to I mean
specifically ethnic hate crimes black
people specifically are the most
disproportionately affected but white
people are the second most likely to be
the victim of a hate crime in America or
or at least the second most in raw
numbers I don't know about a per capita
thing maybe not but it's like look
basically there's hate crimes against
white people there's violence against
conservatives that does happen right so
I just think that to say that they're
not targeted doesn't seem accurate
gotcha
okay so so that's one thing another
thing is that like you like you said the
same thing about women and men that
women are oppressed or whatever that
like that they suffer systemic
discrimination in America I'm wondering
if you've seen that study that came out
in January of this year that looked at
134 countries and found that like 94 of
them men faced more discrimination and
America was one of those countries I
would love to see that what this is
referring to I'd be very you haven't
seen this one nope
I can get you a link here real quick men
discriminated so like the normal way
that they I'll just send this on Twitter
yeah this is a daily mail link but the
link to the study is in there the the
normal way or I think what most people
use it's called like the gender
inequality index I forget what it's
called but they use a really inherently
biased system where they only look for
discrimination against women
and anything that discriminates against
women or like any anything where women
have worse outcomes is considered like a
gender equality gap but where women have
better outcomes it's actually considered
like an anti gap or whatever like it's
considered good so it doesn't it doesn't
register on the scale so what they did
was they actually looked at like both
men and women and things like life
expectancy workplace deaths and whatnot
and they found that in a lot of places
men are worse off gotcha
I'll take a look at that okay cool yeah
take a look at that I think that's about
all I had to say there's some other
topics I would potentially be interested
in debating with you at another time one
of them is the whole incest thing I
think I'm I haven't I haven't ironed it
out but I I'm working on an argument
that incest is immoral so we can do that
sometime if you're interested and then
the other one is circumcision because I
think you mentioned your auntie
circumcision so I don't like I don't
really care about that one but but you
really care about the incest one that's
a really important argument for you it's
it's interesting it's like it's it's a
fun philosophical debate you know it's I
don't think it's important but it's it's
just a philosophical argument that could
be fun I like that kind of autism oh
[ __ ] gotcha all right that's I think
that's it man okay have fun buddy yeah
you too Cheers [ __ ] Christ
this is something that I like I don't
care about this position much so I
haven't spent like too much time like
hardcore like ironing it out but my
response the idea behind like political
violence being justified some by being
justified against some countries is just
like it's a reaction to this idea that I
feel like a lot of people feel like
their countries policies they are free
from the consequences of those policies
and I don't like that idea
something that I really really really
hate I think that if you are voting for
people that are causing like measurable
harm to people either in your country or
abroad that that's something that you
should share like in the con like you
should share the responsibility for
those decisions but I don't advocate for
like political violence I don't think
that you should like go out and [ __ ]
kill people it's really not good but was
he a bad faith actor I don't think that
guy was a bad faith acting they
literally don't distinguish me an
advocate and justification yeah but like
that's like a big problem I noticed with
like a lot of conservatives is that like
they don't seem to have like like nuance
is lost on a lot of these people and
really drives me crazy I make this
argument a lot where like it cuz even
when I ask like like very bluntly like
is there a difference being like a
homophobic person versus a person that
just has like some homophobic actions or
words and he's like no it's like damn
like okay also yeah this weird obsession
with lumping me in with like Hassan and
the Young Turks is really [ __ ] weird
considering that me and a son like
disagree on like more than we agree on
like I don't know it's like really
really really strange well I don't know
if that's true actually I guess we just
talk about our disagreements more than
not yeah and like I'm an extreme leftist
like okay maybe socially I am I got do
you think they do it to trigger you I
don't know I think people just like I
think people like to call like people
like to play like the guilt by
association card so they'll call like Oh
chunk of The Young Turks like that's who
destitute so she was like no I'm not
but like a lot of people like hate the
Young Turks by default so by like
associating me with them like right off
the bat they've already like strongly
established how horrible of a person I
am you know the absurd gotcha by drawing
a line between Nazi and Muslim yeah I
don't know so guilt by association isn't
valid
well guilt by association can be valid
if somebody actually associates
themselves with somebody but I don't
associate myself with a Young Turks I
barely associate myself politically with
Hasan like most of me and Hassan's
interactions with each other are usually
us fighting each other like over
something they disagree with wasn't that
one of your criticisms of laman
which one yeah that he associated stuff
with a lot of weird like kind of like
alrighty people yeah it's not good I
think they're gonna keep calling your
far left is forever yeah maybe
why accept this remedy set up for you
when he assumed you're justifying
killing all conservatives I was
advancing the proportional deportation
will result in less violence than
bombing oh yeah sure
yeah no you're right actually never even
thought about that right proportional
proportional like violence or whatever
that like maybe the type of violence
occurred it's fair to be like rioting
like or like defacing like a government
building not necessarily like killing
all Jenna citing all consider something
why do so many conservatives not
recognize that US foreign policy is real
consequences themselves I don't know
especially is I would think as a
Canadian but I've seen jars
[Music]
