or to later down the line hey what's up
buddy hey alright perfect you can hear
me well yeah and everything
are you guys like streaming somewhere do
I need to like doing something alright
oh no I'm streaming currently on my
twitch at twitch.tv slash Casa Nabi but
you don't need to link it doesn't matter
like I'm twitch streaming on my twitch
as well what's that wait how do you
spell that say look further people in my
audience that don't know how to spell
that how do you do oh it's a twitch.tv
/h Asin ABI oh I got you okay Chloe yeah
oh by the way what I was gonna say is
for those of you who are on my side of
the stream Destiny's awesome a couple of
the it was like some of my moderators
including space and also some of the
fans like rag bang or telling me that I
should link up with this guy and then I
started watching his videos and they're
excellent I really like what he's about
so I'm excited and I hope you guys get
to know him a little bit better and you
can enjoy his videos as well so that's
what we're doing
he's like huge on he's a professional
Starcraft player I think right destiny
are you a Steve um I I used to be that's
why I initially got popular but um and
then you said [ __ ] all of that I'm gonna
I'm just gonna debate people on the
internet instead know that alienate half
of my audience well that's more than
that I've changed politically quite a
bit but that was um that was a long time
ago like I just started politics like
two years ago and I don't do it's still
a full time it's just like half and half
okay I'm still a gamer play I play video
games know I play video games when i
game I play video games right so let's
go that one well I'm like I'm on the
opposite end of that where I love video
games like I started playing dota never
had a professional level or anything but
when I was in Turkey I played dota and
then I kind of quit for a little bit and
I've always been interested in politics
and then I became a political
commentator and now I'm like going to
the other side where I I'm getting other
games
alright yeah now I play games um I mean
I I have been playing games I just like
started twitch streaming with video
games - OH
gotcha oh yeah well yeah I know it's and
you know I I am like very much a part of
that like edgy early online like 2000
era
you know what I mean and then like I
kind of grew up in that environment this
thing I'm 27 okay yeah I'm 29 I know
what you're talking about yeah so like
so like our different place no no yeah
no no I I grew up in that environment
too like you know game FAQ calm [ __ ]
even though I was in Turkey at the time
so like I kind of understand where you
come from as far as like still being
very much like a part of that gamer
community and and speaking to other
gamers who have like decided that their
entire political perspective is like it
just completely revolves around being
against sjw's on YouTube yeah and I wait
sorry I don't mean to call y'all but if
you want to if you want to turn on
camera we can do like a dual like you
can have your face on here as well um
sure why not hold on do you want to do
that alright I got to kill any doing so
I do that oh [ __ ] oh oh don't kill your
camera on your own stream don't worry
about it then oh you sure yeah no it's
fine okay
it doesn't matter I don't know how to do
the permissions thing like I'm I I quit
what do you call it
I quit [ __ ] using pcs for a while
because I was like exclusively playing
on the console and and then I got back
into Windows PCs because when I started
streaming I needed it and it sucks like
the permissions [ __ ] is like so
difficult I can't comprehend it I don't
know how to I don't know how to work
around that
don't you have like guys for that [ __ ]
isn't that what their job oh no no I the
twitch stuff is just like exclusively on
my own I do it all completely on my own
like I obviously I get like help from my
agents and whatnot a little bit and like
twitch has been very good and very
helpful but it's just all my [ __ ] like
twitch is just my my twitch stream is
just my own gotcha
yeah I don't I don't get any help from
like tea white tea white tea live
streams on YouTube the other thing yeah
and they look me I've got like a whole
studio [ __ ] said I don't think any of
them to tell you yeah they yeah they
have like a full professional streaming
setup there even though they have their
own issues as well streaming is very
difficult anyway but we don't have
talked about that
give us your give us like your your
political perspective and whatnot cuz
I'm very interested to personally find
out cuz like I've seen a lot of your
videos mhm and I feel like I agree with
you on almost everything gosh so I just
wanted to hear what your perspective is
I know that you don't like labels and
whatnot but what would you try to define
your your ideology as yeah are you a
lefty I forget I'm not actually sure oh
no yeah I am I mean but like but I but I
get where you're I get your concerns
about like I'm not I'm not like fully
subscribed to any particular ideology I
think like every single one on the left
especially every time I can generalize I
mean like on social issues I'm probably
gonna align pretty closely with anybody
that's progressive I would imagine and
then on economic issues I probably tend
to fall more oh man I want to say
conservative like I'm a big fan of
markets and market forces and capitalism
knowledge [ __ ] I'm very much like still
a liberal but but I recognize the need
for a healthy amount of government
intervention I think is it like a sock
them yeah yeah Social Democrat would be
like what you've got yeah like a sock to
him I think or the dirty word maybe
neoliberal although those guys seem
pretty [ __ ] crazy sometimes like look
he's like I've heard some neoliberalism
is like neoliberalism is like a full
subscription to like to deny that to
deny that like capitalism has any sort
of faults that that be corrected by
corrected by government regulation I
don't know if I would I'm an ar-10
really careful neoliberal exists there's
like two different types of
neoliberalism one is the insult that
lefties use at anybody that they think
like sucks off corporations massively
they will I call everybody loot
neoliberal but then I'll have people
that will email me and I took that for a
while I was like [ __ ] neoliberal sort
of right are basically like Democrat
they're like um they remind me of the
old libertarians where the guy is like
I'm socially Democrat but I'm actually a
economically conservative you've never
seen someone like me before he's like
okay yeah like that kind of attitude but
then every now and then I'll get an
email from somebody is like hey listen
up like neoliberal is actually
acknowledge there's a ton of fault with
capitalist systems and we totally
advocate for government intervention in
a lot of these things like in health
care and welfare etc so I I'm
uncomfortable maybe you're more a couple
I'm uncomfortable liberal because I
don't [ __ ] know right now like what
the overall binding principles are for
neo liberals but yeah I've heard like
two pretty radically different things
yeah no I mean I guess like right now as
it stands the the defining issue I would
use to figure out if someone is like a
neoliberal or like somewhat more
progressive as a Democrat would be
Medicare for all
like a lot of people including like the
jon favreau like the pod save america
bros all immediately as soon as like
medicare for all was brought up during
the time of like repealing without a
replacement the ACA they immediately
were like well hold up wait a minute
how will we pay for this so as soon as
like if that's your first reaction to
socialized medicine then i would
categorize you as a neoliberal if then
you follow that up by opening up like by
opening that up with with like a
potential think tank that you create
with a bunch of with a bunch of like big
pharma people and and a bunch of other
like journalists and influencers and
then advocate against medicare for all
and claim that it's more important to
like kind of figure out how we can solve
the obamacare which is like a
essentially a market-based solution to
socialized medicine is you I'm sure are
aware of socialized about of the ACA is
like a monumental well they say was
successful in bringing more people under
the insurance umbrella but it was a
failure in every other regard well in
most absolutely absolutely yeah I mean I
guess like I would look to see if things
are affordable I think that's kind of
important depending what we're talking
about but I mean it seems pretty obvious
when you look at health care that it
just can't be done under a private
system it doesn't seem like it's
possible I've never seen it done I think
one country does it well in that
Switzerland but it's literally like the
highest GDP per got a country in the
world like everybody was pretty wealthy
yeah yeah yeah it's all that Nazi gold
that they're stashing
way um but yeah no I I agree with you I
think like ethically it's I mean I don't
know i don't i don't think it's like
viable and and also like other systems
that even offer like the elimination the
profit motive in that regard is is
probably the best thing we can do from
an ethical perspective and it also is
proven not to halt innovation so that's
the way i that's the way i approach that
issue but i wouldn't say like like a lot
of people that immediately are like oh
i'm totally anti i mean or not like i'm
not anti medicare-for-all but i don't
know how we'll pay for this if that's
your first reaction instead of going hm
that seems like a pretty good idea i
would say that your or if you're like
actively taking steps to to put
unnecessary artificial hurdles in front
of that in front of that goal that you
should be in support of then i would
consider you like a neoliberal okay sure
yeah it's like less I would say like
it's like less socially like people who
look at socialism with like disdain
would probably it's a broad
generalization so it sucks obviously
it's very good categorizing people
but like judging by what I've seen of
your of your of your videos I wouldn't
even the the reason why I don't think
you're like a like a neoliberal is
because like I understand you're almost
like a libertarian comes to like free
trade free travel but I guess that's
like you could be it like a libertarian
socialist even in that respect it's
possible yeah I guess like to summarize
my position so I build everything up
fundamentally so well I don't wanna go
that fundamental let's just say that
basically I want the world to be as good
as it can be for as many people as it
can be and that there are lower level
ways that I get to that but that's kind
of like my overall guiding principle so
what I kind of look for are like what
are policies that we can enact that
increase the standards of living for as
many people as possible because in a
roundabout way that tends to increase
the standard of living for everybody
right it kind of makes like a it's like
a feedback thing I guess it's not like
hypothetically like if Mexico became the
best country in the world tomorrow it
would solve our immigration problem
completely you know stuff like that like
those kinds of things yeah we know we're
fully in agreement there to like I think
a lot of the a lot of the issues or a
lot of the things that like Republicans
tend to claim about the issues
surrounding immigration would absolutely
be solved if like the u.s. at a nine
interference policy as far as like
latin-american countries go I'm not
saying that it would be like a wholesale
solution to everything that's happening
in Latin American countries but it would
definitely historically they would have
been in a much better place sure that's
Bombo can I qualify something real quick
that I said earlier yeah so real fast
just I'm trying to be really nice
especially of anybody ever like record
eclipses so earlier when I said that the
ACA failed and then I tried to qualify
that a little the goal of the AC I
believe was to just get more Americans
insured and to in that measure I'm
pretty sure the ACA succeeded the ACA
also provided for a couple of other
important provisions such as making it
so that people could be insured under
their parents till the age of 25 they
made it so that pre-existing conditions
clauses could be eliminated and they
also brought in line a lot of health
care where there were people getting
dropped from the health care for a lot
of like really funky weird reasons they
probably shouldn't have been happening I
know that those are three of the big
things that the ACA did as well when I
say the ACA failed what I what I mean to
say is that we didn't get a significant
reduction in the cost of health care for
the United States people that's
something that didn't happen yeah sorry
I notice someone in your chat saying
that the ACA did help some people and
undoubtedly I think isn't it late like
10 to 15 million people were brought in
under the ACA for for being covered and
there are a lot of younger people that
you know as well that yeah I'm sure
there are a lot of people that were
helped by the ACA it just sucks that we
didn't get something stronger that could
have helped to bring prices down for
health care in the United States and Joe
Lieberman dude but yeah no we're
completely in agreement there I I don't
I don't disagree with anything you said
but and I also think that like or maybe
at least like when I was younger I
assumed that like I had nice intentions
and like wanted to take this as like a
necessary first step towards like you
know socialized medicine which at least
he like mentioned as much even though it
was I'm not even memeing but like on
[ __ ] Marc Maron's podcast that was
like one of the one of the immediate
like places where I remember him like
actually saying look it's the politics
is the art of the possible I'm
paraphrasing at that time like this is
the only thing that was possible that we
could do but it's a very important first
step towards socialized medicine or you
know fully comprehensive like universal
healthcare that is not affordable but
like free at no cost
to the person well yeah no we as far as
like that goes as far as like medicine
goes I think we're in agreement there so
I don't know um but I'm not like even
necessarily looking for things that we
disagree on I just wanted to get a
better feel for like where you where
you're at politically for people in my
chat at least yeah I mean socially I'm
pretty progressive on it basically like
if you want to measure how I feel I'm
Phyllis ugly a consequentialist so I'm
looking for things that increase the
standards of living for most people are
generally going to be the policies that
I'm in favor of so we do typically more
redistributed wealth programs in the
United States are probably gonna be
doing better things that increase the
standards of living for you know lower
class people middle class people easier
generally gonna be things I'm in favor
of yeah no absolutely and I remember
watching I think I watched some of your
videos with like sargon of akkad a
person who definitely does not
appreciate my brand of commentary as
well and by the way I don't know what
you're like audiences where your
audience stands on like The Young Turks
in general I'm a little bit I'm probably
more to the left than the majority of
TYT but CYT I feel like is like a pretty
pretty good gateway to leftist politics
like just an alternative platform for
for more progressive ideas and that's
that's that's the way I see it as like
like a net benefit to two media in
general I don't know if like people in
your audience disagree or even you might
disagree because I think someone said
like you had criticisms of jank or like
the jank bench for your debate maybe
yeah no I mean it's just not necessarily
I guess I'm still a little bit too edgy
for that realm of the Internet so I
don't drive it I guess as much with that
group of people but yeah I I don't know
I haven't dug in enough to the t-80 to
have like go to dota to have like a
strong opinion of them ya know ya know
we're we're we're like more I would say
we're we're we're trying to bring about
social justice but more importantly also
economic justice as well I mean a lot of
those are kind of tied together almost
right and actually yeah absolutely
absolutely but I feel like again
performative neoliberalism would
probably be like exclusively fighting on
social justice and thinking that
capitalism can solve these sort of
capitalism in and of itself can solve
these sort of
Jews with free-market principles when
it's proven not to yeah so like a
neoliberal might say like oh well if you
know a bunch of cake shops want to deny
a gay person to cake other cake shops
will open up right I don't know free
market I feel like there I feel like
their opinion on on social justice like
still it supersedes any like even even
in that instance like they they don't I
don't know if they like rely on
free-market principles I don't know
let's see I let me let me look really
quickly they're like give you because
there's no like actual definition I feel
like of neoliberalism I feel for
everyone in your audience as well that
the book I would recommend everyone
checks out is Chapo or the podcast I
recommend everyone checks out is a chapo
trap house they I feel like they have
built out or carved a brand for
themselves by like [ __ ] on
neoliberalism which kind of in terms
that are similar to the way you
originally said left it's like regard
everyone as neoliberal if they're not
you know yeah I guess the only mimics me
is it really chapo I thought was chapo
is it chapo Chapo
okay the only makes me nervous about
chapo was um I don't even know if I
believe us anymore rights dude I feel so
much less strong about the statement I'm
about to Megan and I thought I would I
don't know if I necessarily like how
much they [ __ ] relentlessly on liberals
although everyday I'm starting to
understand more why people do so I
definitely get that I definitely get
that part it's like it's like the whole
John McCain [ __ ] dude that's like I
think that's a perfect way to describe
another perfect way to describe like
what like u.s. political discourse and
like the hatred that a lot of Americans
feel towards mainstream media and like
legacy publishers in general because
like they're not reflective of the views
of average Americans and we can talk
about whether or not they should be but
but they're this whole idea that like
they uphold and protect oligarchs at all
costs you know what I mean what do you
mean by that didn't you know that
liberals or neoliberal hold up oligarchs
in like mainstream media and and just
like the reason why chapo or even like
ytyt
criticizes a lot of liberals or near
