sale of ignorance really wants to come
on and talk to me about stupid people
all right if you want to sure let me go
get a bowl of cereal and you can do it
okay Oh bad bunnies doing stardew valley
oh [ __ ]
we did it boys you better take these
relationships in-game really [ __ ]
seriously because you will be judged
based on who you pair off with is your
waifu I'm just giving you a heads up be
careful good luck oh okay thanks
alright what do you want oh hey I'm
still of ignorance right yeah uh I'm
here me are you wait type in chat right
now ok I did keep that might have been a
coincidence type a 1 7 2 4x capitals
hello
you're a [ __ ] an obvious play go
ahead but I didn't get the capital sorry
a typhoon um yeah so um hi I'm a grad
student at MIT
I'm not to brag but I'm just say I deal
with everyday undergraduates I teach
them you are very ignorant but also very
arrogant right so this is I think the
type of person you deal with every day
yeah I agree
what um meeting Bowles first sorry what
is your uh what was your undergrad and
what are you doing for graduate work
undergrad I was Chemical Engineering
University graduate I was I'm currently
environmental engineering so it's like
that ok gotcha
alright um what do you want to do with
your degree I'm just curious how far you
want to go in school what do you wanna
do for work oh sure I'm probably gonna
work for the government for two years
the government funds most of the like
anti-pollution efforts like they
actually fund cleanups or they need for
more Lego and so my thesis is based
around trying to show that the best way
that to clean up sites right so a way
that both is protects people who are in
danger right so like like local people
or like a lot of times its its Native
Americans and also is cheap right so it
because it's cheap people who are on the
hook people like big industry whatever
will pay for it
willing to at least willing to have the
least amount of like legal liability yes
okay cool yeah cool okay go for it yeah
so I deal with arrogant undergrads every
year and basically a lot of people I see
you talk to you are pretty much arrogant
undergrads that I see right so they
think they're very smart they think
they're they're skeptics but they're
also they're really dumb and what they
don't know right so I think the key is
to expose to them what they don't know
so sorry so sometimes I do this um did
you see my conversation with the guy
last night that when we talked about
some of the trans issues yeah yeah so I
tried to do that with him when I asked I
don't usually like to do this because I
feel like I'm putting people on the spot
but like I asked him like what is gender
dysphoria and he failed to define it
even after I gave him the definition I
feel like doing that doesn't help I feel
like it just makes people more angry or
whatever or like it feels kind of
sending and I don't know what what's
your opinion on that yeah so I think
asking people for their definition is
really good also for the chat um I have
a voice issue my vocal cords got
literally scarred at one point so I'm
sorry if I'm talking fast but you talk
fast you so yeah ignore the job may
ignore the chat okay go ahead hey Dori
yeah so for people like I don't want to
call him a Tuesday night
idiot for like the Tuesday night idiot
you need to like barrel down and what he
is missing right so he'll never probably
admit on stream what he's missing but if
you can box him into a corner and have
him like essentially dodged the question
you you you win right so if you if you
haven't defined gender dysphoria like he
did and then have him define it again
you ask him like can you not see the
difference he will probably talk about
something else so what do you think with
um with the den killer guy what should I
have asked you done differently what do
you think oh sure I'm have dank EULA
defined what free speech means to him so
I feel like weed dank EULA thank you I
just asked you really specific tentacles
you're gonna carry real life examples
about free speech but you never asked
him real life examples right so at one
point dink you said it's totally fine
for companies to fire their workers for
whatever reason and then later on
he was defending James d'amour which is
like obviously contradictory so you need
to have dank EULA defined the difference
to you or at least to the audience and
then grill Danielle on that right so
it's clear dank EULA is not a free
speech absolutist Seanie to like like I
don't know assess out what the bounds of
his free speech and because when that
gives me a platform from which to attack
inconsistencies I can't attack an
inconsistency if I don't know his
primary view like it was trying to do to
me if I would have gotten a specific
definition from him I could have tested
that when he was giving writing examples
as well sure right I feel like he didn't
do that enough in that in that
particular talk right so so dank EULA
was willing to grill you and
occasionally dank you like retreat to
like type stuff or I don't know like
like Lily it was dumb about certain
things so if you turned it around and
said hey dank EULA like like do you
think I'm being sued for defamation do
you think that's a good thing and then
dink you don't have to explain why it is
or isn't right mm-hm
yeah sure I understand yeah
so I guess in general when when talking
to idiots or when talking to people that
you think our obviously contradictory
have them explain the contradiction or
at least have them attempt to explain
the contradiction like basically
anything didn't give us at this one
point like let people hang themselves
gotcha um yeah I guess I don't
necessarily disagree sure yeah yeah this
is a general criticism so when I when I
deal with air in undergrads who think
they know everything it's best to let
them hang themselves so if you ever feel
like you're I don't know like dealing
with an idiot just like let the idiot
explain themselves because because the
idiot will eventually come to something
that's really dumb or like or something
that you find almost disagree on which
is good thing gotcha and since I've
already made him clearly state his view
you can't really retreat from it exactly
yeah and also like in terms of like
social media or clipping or whatever
like the guy has to explain himself
rather than you explaining yourself I
mean I think it's really good that you
take some time to explain your views on
free speech like have these little
tirades where we all all spam godson II
Gosling the chat please but you should
have them explain their views cuz then
they have to defend that in the long
term gotcha I understand okay sure
I think I normally try to do that I'm
not used to talking to people that are
so aggressive in their questioning right
which I feel like that did you ever hear
my original debate with the Sinatra says
guy the guy that moderated this yeah I
did I think I was asking more questions
there but I think every time I asked a
question he would just answer it in a
way that was just so dumb like at the
beginning of this debate when I asked um
oh so for instance at the beginning of
this debate I asked him if he thought I
asked Angela do you think that watching
videos is a good way to gather data and
he legitimately says yes when somebody
says that I feel like I'm so many levels
ahead of them that I have to back up
like would like where do you even start
with something like that like this is
literally like a two-hour discussion on
on human you know like pattern
recognition bias and and I'm seeing
power like how do you even how do you
even do that
how do you how do you do that yeah so um
I think Tau Alpha through up something
um
this is not to say you shouldn't be
condescending I think time ascension
works in a lot of circumstances but um
if you think you have a point that is
like Sinatra or someone could
legitimately accept you so you need to
transition to being like like a teacher
mode right so a teacher is very
accepting of ignorance the teachers very
bla bla bla and obviously like you're
not attempting to influence Sinatra
really I mean kind of are but not really
but it's it's the people who who agree
with Sinatra right now right so you have
that what is it the twenty forty forty
rule this is a way to dip into his forty
um so you say like oh hey Sinatra I kind
of understand what you're saying about
like everyone has a choice right like
that's that's true but my field like
there's a little bit of a difference
with you being a grad student you're
teaching like I feel like this would be
different if you were an undergrad to an
undergrad don't you think maybe because
like if these people were like if I was
having a conversation with somebody who
because like so for instance I hate
saying this for them oh no like so like
did you see my debate with almost see
the pedophile did yeah it was good or my
debate with vegan games
yes these are people where I feel like I
could give them something and they would
engage with it I feel that for people
like
like Tonka saw Tonka trucks or
accountant EULA or Britney I feel like I
just I'm not sure sure sure sure
so so that's that's actually the reason
why I wanted to talk to you right yeah
so um when you're an a graduating
teacher you don't have a choice of who
you teach right so you have you have
like people like I don't know like
asthma Gould who will consider what
you're saying and then people like Tom
kasaa or you know just know consider
it's like you're just speaking into a
wall and then they'll go back and
hammered there whatever rhetoric they
were working on before they'll just read
do it like that's it without any
consideration of what you say Yeah right
right but as a teacher I have to take
both people in and my job is to teach
all of them right so I give some meats
to people like asthma Gold Drive just
say like you know I spit some data
whatever and then people like talk asau
I'm like I see so okay so I remember
Tongass I just progress out oh my god
but but so with a person like Thomas ah
who I see potential and I'll be like
okay hey Thomas ah oh I kind of get
where you're coming from right so but
but I think it's kind of weird okay can
you explain to me why you think X means
Y right and and hopefully as long as
he's not Tom casaya he'll like he'll
have a reason for believing something
right I feel like can we do like a
sample of this about the agency meme I
believe that everybody can just make
better choice this is my view okay I've
secretly my view is that I believe it
everybody can just make the right choice
okay all right so let's do this
conversation we're arguing about you
just told me some statistics that mean
that black people are disadvantaged in
the United States okay now my retort is
or listen I think that black people in
general we should just encourage them to
make better choices okay listen I
understand right so why do you think
black people are making bad choices I
don't know maybe it's their culture okay
what do you have a culture like is it
their music they're listening to yeah
like do you think that they make the way
that they act in gangs and everything I
think that yeah their culture is really
bad and it just they make a lot of bad
choices and they need to stop doing that
okay cool
that could be true right so so they're
listening to bad voices well why do you
why do you think they're attracted to
bad voices um I don't know because
they're you know their parents don't
help them
their parents don't give them good
things because the family unit is broken
because all of them have out of wedlock
birth and everything and yeah they just
they choose to listen to this horrible
music and stuff and it just messes their
whole lives up ha ha do you think like
like no one's redeemable Dee do you
think that like there's no way to reach
this this black person like you know on
the contrary I believe people are
redeemable you're the one that doesn't
you're telling me they can't make these
choices on their own I think black
people can make better choices you're
the one telling me that you don't think
they're capable of doing it you want to
change the environment I think that
black people can make the right choice
to rise above their circumstances like
so many have done in the past okay so
back up for a second do you think I'm
making the deterministic argument that
like they're like the overall trend is
something or do you think I'm trying to
reach these kids I don't know what
you're trying to do I just want black
people to make better choices just like
white people can make good choices they
do already okay I'm trying to reach
these kids right so so I'm trying to
argue how do I reach black people that
that like have bad culture or whatever
like like a new bully but it's not our
job to reach them we don't have outreach
for white people why do we need outreach
for black people why do you think black
people can't make the same good choices
that white people make we do have
outreach for white people not really I
don't remember I don't know any white
kids that needed a inner-city programs
in order to keep them out of gang
violence and stuff white people don't
seem to get involved on't kill there's
not programs telling white people not to
kill each other with gang violence why
do we need that for black people we need
for all people who have this shitty
mentality that I don't know like we
don't have it we don't have it for white
people why do we need it for black we do
we do we do that's dumb we do like what
we have this for any kind of I don't
know what's your stereotype you're
talking about right so you have some
stereotype that's inner-city kids versus
outer city kids rural kids do you think
rural kids don't become doctors because
their music is better what I don't know
why we're all kids because some people
choose to become doctors some people
choose not to become doctors I don't
know why people make the choices they
are I just want all kids aren't shooting
each other like black people are in the
inner cities I don't know like rural
kids I shoot meth and I sit around you
think rural kids are on the same level
as urban black kids I don't know I don't
have a problem with shooting math as
long as not shooting each other like
black people do
[Laughter]
[Music]
holy [ __ ] boys arguing for I don't know
but I think black people can make
choices and you seem to think they can
you're telling me that black people
can't make the right choice even though
white people make it you want to make
all these special programs to target
black people these programs don't target
white people why do you think black
people need all this help that white
people don't need you kind of sound like
the racists to me no no I want to reach
every person who doesn't think they can
make it I don't care about the color of
the skin then why are you advocating for
programs for inner-city blacks why
aren't you advocating for these same
programs for white people and who would
even pay for these programs for white
people they don't kill themselves like
black people do I'm advocating for it
for any kind of like mal mal education
okay I just never see liberals talking
about how white people need this help
it's always targeted towards black
people and minorities know you've been
reading around liberals let's look at
successful this is hard right it's it
like somewhat honestly but these are
hard cut when people like this [ __ ]
stew but it's a really [ __ ] hard
conversation so what I always try to do
is bring it back from the kind of like
compassionate level right so like like
white people have no [ __ ] compassion
these people celebrate Lauren southern
blocking [ __ ] dead immigrants being
like voted in from Germany
these people have no compassion that's
the problem so I'm a man of compassion
you can always bring it back to the
individual level like right so like like
or like why shouldn't my program which
I'm advocating to black people also work
for poor rural White's because poor more
real White's don't kill themselves like
black people dude aren't shooting each
other like they are they're shooting up
right sure but I don't know is that big
of a problem I maybe I'm a libertarian
and I'm okay with drugs so they want to
do methods not killing each other I mean
that's cool but you're also allowing you
to killed so let's not do that okay yeah
I guess if you want to make programs to
solve inner city or if you want to make
we're going to sell real meth things I
guess that's fine but yeah [ __ ] me all
right yeah I mean songs are not hurting
other people this whole this whole
approach I think we kind of reacted
right was exactly yeah it's predicated
on reaching out to their their core
beliefs right so if they're if they're
kind of like they believe that like
agency is a thing you should appeal to
agency right
yeah but the problem is it's not a thing
and if you appeal the agency always lose
this is kind of like this is my problem
when I'm talking about like the I don't
think you can appeal to agency you have
to peel back that you've got to go
really deep if a person legitimately
believes these things you've got to run
so far back like [ __ ] your ability to
make good decisions is compromised even
if you're [ __ ] tired you know like
these things are shown to have that in
psyche and actual experiments are shown
to have detrimental impacts on your
ability to make good decisions you know
like that but like that's you've got to
cover like two hours of ground in order
to deal with these people yeah so I
guess in terms of a rhetorical strategy
it would be like okay like someone
someone proposes that everyone has three
agency and and so you you force them to
explain your hypotheticals right you
essentially force them to assume the
position I just assumed where you just
bring up all these different examples
right and so they are forced to explain
why poor white people are doing things
versus poor black people and they have
to kind of expose themselves for the
like uninformed idiots they are but then
when I tried to do this with Sargon he
just retreats back to the I don't know
you told me you're joined it cuz that's
what I was trying to get Sargon to me
because what I wanted Sargon to admit
was and that was actually my specific
goal I want you to tell me that black
people are inferior to white people when
it comes to making choices that's what I
want cuz that's the only thing that your
position that logically leads to Sargon
but he would never made that he goes or
I don't know what the answer it's cuz
every time I said okay so I would say
like why are black people having someone
cuz they don't get married why don't
black people get married well because
they don't have to trace me okay why do
white people make the choice of black
