hello I can hear me I could hear you
what do you well buddy I don't know
people just called me and they said that
we should have somewhat of a debate if
you're interested yeah okay how do you
think we're gonna get the communism in
society today my dude well I mean it's
not really the best question to be
asking okay what's the best question to
be asking well from what I was hearing
of you you seem to kind of have the idea
that most communists and socialists and
anarchists are primarily interested in
kind of sitting around talking about
utopia's you know the old stereotype
with the the first year philosophy
student you know taking a drag on his
joint and thinking about how perfect the
future will be I don't really think
that's that's accurate and I don't think
that most socialists you know especially
not just teenage meme lords on the
internet but you know people out there
with the essay or really organizing I
don't think that's what they're focused
on okay what do we focused on
well obviously views different and the
left and socialism is pretty
multifaceted there's a lot of different
branches but I would say most of those
branches have something of an ideal
which they would like to move towards
which is generally workers owning or
controlling the means reduction and some
meaningful sense and they have different
ideas that get there but a lot of those
things are they also have they pay
dividends in the very short term so for
example if you're a union organizer you
do have some sort of a long term ideal
right mm-hm but in the short term it
actually helps workers if they're more
organized to have more workers rights
maybe they have better wages and
benefits and things like that
okay so you know just to say that okay
if you're you know a union organizer you
don't actually care about the short term
and you just really want to think about
your communist utopia where wages don't
even exist so why would you care about
the short term where you do have a wage
yeah I think that's a little inaccurate
and I do think you know if you're you
can organizer you may very well be a
communist or a socialist but you're also
concerned about real benefits in the
short term
Mido unions imply communism or socialism
well they don't necessarily I you you
can certainly have you know as well that
I did in Seneca Yeah right like the
afl-cio right traditionally in the 50s
they were very liberal in fact they were
very anti-communist they ratted out a
lot of communist leaders in their
organization they worked very closely
with the American government they're a
big part of you know the whole McCarthy
scare era mm-hmm
but generally today especially a lot of
the more the scrappier unions they tend
to be led still buy a lot of socialists
and they are looking for a better future
then again that's just one example I
just want to say you know like a lot of
the people doing real-world work who do
consider themselves socialists their
focus for the long term and the short
term and they think that by moving
towards their ideal right like basically
you know if you have an ideal Society
it's like you know how Christians no one
no one who believes in Jesus and the
more his moral teachings and things like
that and for the record I'm not a
Christian but if you were a Christian I
don't think that you think you can
personally reach that moral example of
Jesus like you can't be Jesus but it's
still a good moral ideal to have around
right you think those teachings are a
good idea even if you can't personally
live up to them mm-hm I think that's
that's a good way to see a lot of
socialists communists anarchists and
things like that it's that we don't
think that necessarily we're gonna have
our utopia in our lifetime or maybe even
anyone's lifetime but if we try to move
closer to that ideal it'll be better for
everyone and particularly the working
class does that make any sense to you
yeah I'm just curious what specific
things you have in mine hmm
you mean under capitalism or like whoa
like how would we move closer to so the
reason why these I these are the reason
why these discussions or I avoid them
and they're always really boring three
is because I'm not really interested in
talking about how communism or socialism
works under like a communist or
socialist utopia so what like what
policy moves are
decisions do you want it like when you
talk about like workers owning the means
of production like what's to keep a
bunch of people from collectively
pulling their money right now in
purchasing capital and then splitting it
amongst all workers doing like either
employee owned program or like a stock
share I'm sure something like what's to
keep that from happening right now I
don't people just do it now okay so
that's good because I I tend to think
utopia's are kind of boring to talk
about too right I don't know if you ever
read Thomas Moore but that's that that
book kind of drags yeah so I think it's
not impossible to have coops and I
wouldn't say that you know a society
made of coops would necessarily be
communist there's disagreement there's
actually a school of thought called
mutualism past that stemmed from a guy
written writing in the early 1800
saint-pierre Joseph Pradhan who
basically yeah his idea of socialism was
everyone is in a co-op and there's some
sort of public banking system and the
co-ops compete and that socialism right
or market socialism is another form of
that but yeah how would I you know
supposing I didn't want markets or
currency I wanted the you know the
communism of Karl Marx or something how
would I start going about that and why
why don't workers just all produce coops
now well I think one argument that I
don't really want to spend a lot of time
on is cultural and that people not only
people just not think about it it's just
not accepted and some you know
especially in America here where we have
this sort of you know robbery capitalism
the idea of workers banding together to
buy out their own business is frowned
upon I would say increasingly less so
are you familiar with Richard Wolffe
nope okay he's an economist he has a
very popular podcast and he has a sort
of think tank called democracy at work
his podcast his economic update in case
anyone's wondering and he basically
every week he kind of will highlight a
new example of a co-op being formed and
things like that so it's definitely more
common I would say and people don't have
this idea that it's like the Soviet
Union if the workers get together and
buy out their own business so but still
I think they're still
some sort of stigma more important
arguments is that legally the laws
aren't really set up to have coops
think again they are increasingly but
they're still you know it because it's
such an uncommon sort of organizational
form of the firm as opposed to joint
stock corporation or something like that
or partnership not every state really
has the rules in place and I think the
biggest difficulty is that you know
businesses are expensive and if you are
a relatively low paid worker even if
there's twenty of you you might not be
able to pool the money or to get credit
to buy a business does that make sense
to you
yeah so how does that change without
changing like the whole government
structure so while it's not impossible I
think that we if if we're looking in
this direction okay we want people to
say get more coops this sort of an early
stage of socialism or to move in that
direction I I do think we're seeing you
know movements in that direction again
legally organizationally maybe people
will start making sort of you know
workers banks or things like that
there's all sorts of interesting ideas
where does a Harker's Bank it would you
know like a bank well like it's sort of
like another cooperative right well I
mean we already have credit unions but
imagine a credit union that was focused
on providing credit only to cooperatives
right instead of homework could just or
something like that it would be like a
business a cooperative business shares
so forgive me for the viewing this under
my capitalist paradigm but if coops
could successfully thrive and make money
why wouldn't normal banks lend these
people money in part because they might
view them as a threat and they do right
like the coops I do get credit often do
get them from normal banks why would
banks to view coops as a threat in a
wider sort of systemic level I I think
wait I don't I just like an SBA loan or
something no no III don't want to say
like the PERT the bank managers these
guys are gonna turn us into communists
yeah yeah
don't think it's like that like he's the
coop guy a guy in charge of you know
asking for a loan in behalf of the
workers comes in he just pictures in
like a cartoon with a Soviet hat or
something like oh it's a gremlin from
the Kremlin no it's not like that but
but I think and again these arguments
can get really complicated because it's
not just like the individual bank
managers decision but it's how does
capital move around and society what are
the legal structures associated with
these kinds of loans and things like
that and and also ESD not just personal
prejudice but if you are not used to
loaning to a cooperative you've never
even heard of it before where the
workers all jointly manage and own
something and distribute the profits or
whatever at the end of the day well even
in your system it wouldn't be all the
workers it would be an elected board by
the workers that would manage it right
sure depending on depending on the size
I mean again I don't want to get back
into the details of cooperatives and I I
know I haven't worked in a cooperative
myself I I think it's not just
representative democracy in that sense
though I mean I think the whole idea
about cooperatives and you know I'd use
a libertarian socialism stuff like that
is that decisions are made
democratically at the relevant level
right so even in the co-operative it's
not just like you know you can have
co-ops where there's just an ownership
stake but you have the normal firm
structure right you have your CEO you
have your upper management and things
like that technically every employee has
a share and the work sorry in the the
coop but they don't actually get to make
the management decisions and there's
other forms of coops where that's that's
not sure where actually that all the
workers get some sort of state say more
or less directly at relevant decisions
well yeah I think a banker would just
say you know I'm not used to this maybe
it's a bigger risk I think that happens
and on another level
there has been statistics and I'll try
to pull that up for you I just headed up
the other day it was a nice yeah it's a
co-op report by Virginia pay routine
what do we really know about workers
cooperatives and they basically find
that in some traditional methods that a
capitalist might judge the importance
and usefulness of firms maybe coops are
a little bit different but they're
successful in their own right worker
coops survive at least as long as other
businesses and have more stable
employment they tend to be more
productive than conventional businesses
I mean the average productivity per
worker seems to be higher they retain a
larger share their profits and other
business models and executive and
non-executive pay differentials are much
narrower and worker coops in other firms
you know I understand all of this but I
feel like I could describe and this
could exist and already does exist under
like a capitalist framework so like to
set something like this up on a somewhat
capitalist level I would basically
create I would create an employee owned
business where every employee is vested
in the company to some extent or part of
the pay involves some sort of divulging
of like stocks or whatever right like to
get a decision yeah and I mean even
decision making could be implemented on
the managerial level this wouldn't
require communism I socials and it do it
like such that like yeah I don't know if
that would necessarily be a good idea
for all types of businesses I guess I
would have to think of like specific
examples like I don't think I would want
like if I owned a car factory I don't
think I would want to take a vote on
what kind of cars we build next I think
that I'd leave that up to the guys in
like marketing and market research well
well you can it's not like cooperatives
or socialist ideas means you can't
recognize expertise right I mean it's
like if you have some sort of a business
that requires I don't know some sort of
expert scientific input right for one
experts do disagree so it doesn't mean
like the expert says something that's
the final say in the matter
and currently existing capitalist firms
you know with the top you know very
top-down experts disagree but like if
there is a room full of like eight like
high-level political nuclear physicists
scientists and everything that we're
having a discussion on who to nuke and
there was some disagreements in that
room I wouldn't want to leave it up to
like a popular vote after that like I no
no no I think consensus you know well
what I'm saying is I think people should
still have because experts aren't always
right I think people should still at
least have the ability to
you know agree to accept their
recommendations and no I don't think if
we're talking about a nuclear war I mean
this is Banzai use an extreme example
but like anything like siding like on
how to move a company forward I mean
like new yes to the average person but
the average person is a [ __ ] [ __ ] I
wouldn't want my job to be held captive
to the voice of like well how somebody
wants to move a business forward well
we'll say you know they bring in an
expert and this cooperative firm says
okay here's our expert is this you know
this idea and then the workforce can say
well yeah we'll accept their advice or
say no will look for another expert
maybe get a second opinion right I mean
the same way that you know if you go to
a doctor your doctor people do get
second opinions right the doctor is the
expert and it's very unlikely the
patient knows better but so they do have
a choice we don't force them to accept
the doctor's recommendation I think
that's generally what socialism is all
about it's democracy not just in the
public sphere like we have now where we
vote for politicians and things like
that but also democracy and it's very
large amount of time we spend per day
which is at a workplace and we would get
to make decisions there and that would
include accepting or you know asking for
a second opinion from experts that give
advice because clearly yeah every worker
you know if you're at a you're at the
assembly line I mean that's your one job
you don't know necessarily a bit
marketing or something like that but you
should still have a say right I don't I
mean maybe I'm not sure I guess I'm the
thing that I'm having a big trouble are
having big trouble with is it seems like
you could do all of this right now under
a capitalist system like you can make
good and and like I said increasingly
people are and we've did studies that
you know cooperatives are more
productive and employments
longer-lasting but they also earn is
aggressive right and I think that's one
big reason that they tend not to expand
with a few exceptions I think there is
Mondragon corporation in Spain which has
its own problems with its an extremely
large co-op with like a hundreds of
thousands of workers mm-hmm and there's
a few examples like that in the world
but most of them are pretty small and I
think what they do when they do form if
the workers can get the capital together
and get the loan and things like that
they tend to focus on what's good for
the workers which may not necessarily be
the same
business plan is aggressively expanding
right because that tends to require you
know lowering the wages and cost as much
as possible making decisions based on
you know just as cutthroat as possible
as opposed to what the community might
need if most firms you know if they were
in a community and it might double their
profits to say pollute and just like
destroy the local water supply and then
move on I mean a lot of the management
will think really hard before saying no
or maybe they'll just try to cover it up
and do it anyway whereas a worker owned
firm and worker controlled firm and why
would they do that right they have to
live there they're not going to move
away they wouldn't destroy their own
water supply so things like this can
make them less competitive in terms of
you know the the wall street movie sense
Gordon Gekko that makes them much less
like that but much more successful in
terms of stable employment good-paying
jobs things like that sure I don't know
if I necessarily buy that example that
assumes that all the pollution damage
being done by a company is being done by
workers who are directly suffering that
it's possible to pollute in a way that
affects other people for instance
dumping into a river that flows
downstream to affect people that don't
work for that company right that's true
and I I mean you can also make these
sort of tragedy Commons arguments for
everything I think at least that is
saying that I don't think that like
because you're the implication there was
that this sort of co-op system solves
externalities of some types and I don't
think that's enough no it reduces them I
would say it would reduces them I
wouldn't say they would be eliminated
right I mean you could you could have a
bunch of people right and they could say
well the hell with that city downstream
we'll just yeah I guess it's just like
it seems like these same pressures could
also exist in a market system to like
look how many people are selecting
restaurants based on how much they
adhere to responsible farming practices
and going green and all that like these
are markets elections that have been
made into a capitalist system as well
all right well I think information
asymmetries come into play there in a
big way
yeah but that even so many society
socialism or capitalism right they do
and the again it's like how you respond
to these problems right Oh tragedy
Commons arguments information asymmetry
arguments do different structures of
economic production respond to those
problems differently and I think they do
I think no system is per
like no system would ever reduce them
and you know and because you find this
uninteresting I mean I've mostly talked
just a bit coops which can exist
perfectly under capitalism I mean this
guy this professor I talked about
Richard Wolff his whole argument is let
the different ideas of production
compete you know within capitalism have
a top-down CEO management structure and
a worker-owned structure competing to
see what people like best right and in
me exactly I mean we're not we're not
even talking about like what a socialist
society how they would ill handle these
