hey guys what's up welcome to episode 12
of the DT podcast how you guys doing
today I am joined by my good host trihex
and man do we have a show for you but I
said that every time what's up
I think I think I think genuinely immune
this time do we put on a [ __ ] big
repa so last week I did we ever getting
we're getting our craft you know fine
line now I can't wait to do that all
today with our talks of pedophilia then
let's go absolutely absolutely no I'm
nothing excites me more than things no
I'm kidding you're done see you later my
Duke right after this and the threat
I'll be looking for new co-hosts
recommendations once my good friend here
catches at 30 dates which pen me right I
mean you wouldn't wait wait so if I got
a 30-day ban you wouldn't wait for me
you wouldn't uh dude you didn't watch
Titanic you know how Jack and
what's-her-face like eyes in the end no
I wouldn't do that oh damn damn y'all
destiny cold-blooded damn dude you
expect me to go [ __ ] into the ocean
for you like that I mean I mean yeah I
do
is that why your scale commitment is
that why you moved to LA because I won't
kill myself of my podcast partner gets
banned cuz he takes pity wants to [ __ ]
kids no that's bright I won't do that
try X that's the line I won't cross you
found it it only took you 12 episodes
good job what did you do this we're hit
me up with some citation really good
that you wouldn't look out for your
brother during Black History Month just
saying you choose February of all months
to be along oh my god stop there with
the victim card every month is Black
History Month no okay
I watched the the black Klansmen and
then the Black Panther how many more
[ __ ] movies with your people are am I
gonna have to sit there before you guys
are finally happy well maybe if there
were more made because my people are
oppressed in the entertainment industry
constantly rampantly at every
opportunity possible okay okay okay
let's get off the topic so they're gonna
get me mad what do you yeah cookie do
know I attended Genesis six I attended
the the smash brothers largest super
major period it was sick it had over six
thousand attendees it was held in
Oakland California the the view count
was absolutely potent in fact
smash
Sports is alive in the newest release
Smash Brothers title for switch that
came out in December the view count was
was badonkadonk
I believe it peaked at a hunt I
purchased all 155 K on the viewership
but some people told me it's as high as
175 thousand at one point it would have
been higher but we it did run really
behind on grand final Sunday like legit
like the the biggest trawl the the top 8
of smash ultimate didn't start until
like 8:30 PST so East Coast was already
blown the bed probably for work in the
morning and Europe was completely dead
by that point um so which is unfortunate
but uh but regardless no yeah metrics
were sick that the the entire event was
fantastic at a great [ __ ] time
all my homies are super legit so I did
that I was I was there all weekend so
admittedly I am massively behind on
what's been going on in the
Twittersphere I'm behind what's been one
with the internet because I was on
planet smash all weekend so you're not
to give him that panic relator from
there what does that pay anybody so it
is yeah someone literally in charges for
me to ask you yeah so no no I didn't get
that from Genesis no that is a that is
my testament to all my inspiration in
the world right now
this is a Mashiro from a manga slash
anime called Bakuman and he's a 15 year
old artist prodigy who knew in middle
school that he wanted to be a
world-class Monika he wanted to be a
world-class manga artist and if you can
see here it's him pressing his pen the
pen and the kneaded eraser on on pencil
it's a really sick dude it's a it's a
mega motivational work it tells you
never give up your dreams so destiny if
your dream was to become like the
world's most extravagant you know male
chilli male cheerleader
don't let your means be dreams y'all
like you know I believe was it the other
rams
won one NFL team recently this this week
you know made history by having their
first male cheerleader depicted at the
Super Bowl so you know that's thing that
could be you if you're if you're if you
can if you can do wield some pom-poms
really well then don't give up hope and
you can do it Wow
well thanks if I ever wanted a draw
manga
I will your male chilli or male chilli
I'll think about it
speaking of fifteen-year-olds what a
great segue into our first topic ooh
okay did you hear about our wonderful
friend at hi-rez studios yeah it's been
going through the circulation a little
bit I did hear about this yeah what do
we got here so basically it is ripping
this from a our good friend rods tweet
twitch partner and high res employee
Thomas Chun has been arrested for
allegedly arranging have sex with a
child as part of an undercover sting
that lasted five days called Operation
interception ending on Super Bowl Sunday
according to Atlanta media so so what's
the dirt here was he uh cuz like there's
different things here right there is
like just to specify there's people who
like commit the acts on children and
therefore you know their their I guess
like they're you know they've committed
bad things really really bad things and
there's those who get caught soliciting
and advocating for and requesting you
know porn from or you know sex were
supposed to images from underage people
which one is it here is like also in
this basically the I think was the the I
shoot I remember I think it was the FBI
wait the GBI task force sorry basically
they got a fourteen-year-old to pose or
not not a fourteen-year-old but they got
an adult opposes a fourteen-year-old a
bunch of cross of different social media
or like dating apps and then they got I
think it was 21 different guys that were
willing to meet the person to have to
arrange to have sex some of them
actually traveled and exchanges of money
and whatnot talked about like yeah so it
was pretty much a big sting set up by
the GBI I guess I'm not sure is probably
a fair enough but okay so this is
literally like the same template as like
to catch a predator pretty much poses
someone young clearly not clearly like
not in the legal legal realm they're
just like they fall forward and they get
popped yep
but the thing that's will here is that a
this this person here Thomas Jiang I'm
saying his name right this is extra
notable because he was a twitch partner
right like yeah yeah II know buddy
stream like was he like unless which
partnership team or was he actually good
active streamer actually don't know the
person ahead of time
if he would've been in the partnership
stream art team I think that would have
been a much we would have heard about
that a lot more if it would been an
actual twitch employee I don't know what
is actual apparently he was a
fortnight's camera but I don't actually
know what his stream is mmm I gotta find
this oh now P legacy of World of
Warcraft oh yeah I'm hearing smite
streamer actually well he worked for he
worked for high res who does my it's
known oh damn I tried to visit his
website it says the account has been
suspended
yeah that's not surprise there well yeah
it's my Community Managers what I'm
hearing here but uh I wonder he probably
he doesn't have a stream listed on his
own in his Twitter so he must not have
been like a big streamer that must not
have been like a big part of his life
I'm guessing but um so so were they so
were they apprehended after this point
or are they already like charged and
they're already like on the pump set for
like pretty sure they've all been
charged I mean that's why we have like
mug shots of everybody right right
operation interception um I mean is
there more - uh yeah there's a couple
different I mean there's a couple
different things related to this
something that I always bring up that a
lot of people always get kind of angry
about it so my legal understanding of
entrapment is because a lot of people
wonder sometimes like how is this kind
of stuff legal like this is entrapment
they're being entrapped so the the legal
definition of entrapment means that a
some sort of law-enforcement official
has to pass to get you to do something
using extraordinary measures like like
has to like threaten you or or do some
crazy [ __ ] to get you to do something so
for instance but but if they but if an
officer gets you to do something that
you were willing to do anyway without a
lot of motivation or push then that's
not considered entrapment so like for
instance if I have like a bunch of like
crack cocaine on me if I walk up to
someone on the street and I'm a police
office I'm like eh
you gonna buy some crack and the guys
like yeah sure you know you can get
arrested
that's not entrapment right because
you're going to because you're basically
they're catching you doing some of you
would have done anyway in any other
situation but then like if a police you
know officer walks up to you and he
pulls out a gun he's like buy some
[ __ ] Rock I'm gonna [ __ ] kill you
you're like oh [ __ ] like I'll buy some
that's
right you can't do that you can't force
somebody or present like an
extraordinary circumstance like that or
something to catch something right right
so in a lot of these things where a and
a lot of these things it still falls
under entrapment of some of the EU well
good thing we're not talking about the
EU so yeah so a lot a lot of people
bring up like oh that's entrapment you
can't do that but it's not basically the
goal of a sting operation is to catch is
to catch somebody doing something that
they wouldn't that are that they would
otherwise do if presented the
opportunity to getting that out of the
way here's something that's kind of our
side go ahead well here's my one
question about that so once you have
them detained is there ever like a um is
there ever anything like the equivalent
of like a plea bargain for these like I
don't know if it's technically
pedophiles but like would-be pedophiles
here like um like if it's like hey I
caught you but I'll reduce your sentence
if you like snitch on more of them or
give me a means to acquire more within
your you're you're like sin ring I guess
is is any does any of that actually just
actually don't know that this works or
not you know for example if you pop
someone who's like a drug deal a little
like okay yeah look I don't know roll
over on someone bigger yeah I usually
the bargains are done for I mean I think
there are a variety of reasons wuff
we're getting into the legal area way
outside my comfort zone I hope there are
some law professionals in chat getting
Hardware triggered by me let's go this
is all it's all speculation although I
don't I'm moving here I don't know much
about this I'd actually like to look
further into it but so for plea
bargaining
sometimes you'll plea bargain if like
let's say you've got somebody that if
your lawyer can make a good case for why
you know maybe a charge should be
reduced you want to chill and you know
you've got like a good argument like
let's say you get caught for some dumb
like driving some some sort of driving
charge and I was like look or that
lawyer was like look he's got a good
record blah blah blah we don't have to
go to court we don't have to do that
will plead guilty to this basically ways
to avoid going to court are are things
that people look favorably upon assuming
you're not like pleading down like
manslaughter you know to like a parking
ticket but like if you can afford going
to court that's something that's
generally seem is favorable and then if
you can if you can roll over on somebody
else so if you can implicate other
people into crimes you can make those
types of plea deals as well a bit
because it obviously because the DA more
firepower to go after other people that
may be committed war crimes
and then um [ __ ] there's one other thing
I see nobody but I can't remember though
I think those are like generally oh oh
and then like if the if the state
doesn't think they might have good
evidence to like push you on a certain
crime
maybe you'll push for plea deal because
like well here you know I can guarantee
you a conviction on this charge or
something like that and you know we
don't know how to go to court and maybe
you [ __ ] things up but you know so
sometimes people take plea deals if they
feel like their case isn't as good but
like in a case like this in case like
this I mean I'm assuming that this is
done in such a way that the evidence is
pretty rock-solid I don't see me being
able to plea your way out of this type
of stuff especially in the case where
like because they eliminate so many
variables in these sting operations you
know well it wasn't me that was talking
okay well then why did you show up to
the house okay well it wasn't gonna [ __ ]
them but then why did you show up with
the exact items necessary to [ __ ] them
this is why sometimes the police will
have you like bring a certain item is to
show intent right cuz like okay well he
came into the house naked he came in at
house with condoms right you're showing
yeah but yeah I mean I have a hard time
believing any of this stuff ever get to
plead down I could be wrong but I feel
that my um before we go on with the next
I'll my last point to bring that in here
was the fact that um maybe you can
confirm this for me I actually don't
know here the UH whatever like people
bustopher like possession of California
or non their computer it gets traced
back to some you know illegally hosting
illegal child porn hosting ring and I
recall at some point there maybe was a
FB I forget what what Bureau but like
there was like a moral ambiguity stance
on whether or not it was like proper to
if you acquired access you know you
found the child porn hosting ring do you
do you continue to to let that let that
ring operate and you can continue to
bathe in more more would-be pedophiles
and just get them off the streets while
technically enabling and hosting child
porn or is it best or is it better or
the correct option just like [ __ ] on
that shut down that child porn site
immediately if I if I recall I got out
remember here but like this was not at
one point with the UH the FBI like they
were at they had a child child porn
hosting site operated under their yeah
the FBI actually caught a lot of heat
for this because I think they themselves
hosted a dark web child porn
site yeah it seems like you know like
I'm we're breaking the law to to break
up those who were I don't know it seems
like it's kind of like a heavy topic to
really get into right now but that's
like kind of where I was gonna lean into
it this whole like plea bargain thing
was like if this happen here cuz that
happened then mmhmm yeah I don't know
that's a real heavy one it's kind of
like um I can think of one serious
example and one not so serious example
in and then in the serious example like
let's say that you like are onto like a
drug dealer some [ __ ] but you're trying
to catch you know some bigger drug
dealer so you kind of like follow around
for a while if that drug deal ends up
killing somebody do you think the police
are culpable for that do you think you
should have done something hmm
it's like a not as serious thing that
I've thought about something that really
pisses me the [ __ ] off I you see a
pulled over for speeding kind of
sometimes a lot because I spent a lot
because [ __ ] that one thing I noticed go
back copy through yeah one thing I
noticed that cops do that really [ __ ]
pissed me off is when a cop wants to
pull you over for speeding at least in
there's a city and near Omaha called
Papillion that is the worst [ __ ] cops
in the world these guys are the word
[ __ ] these people oh my god but what
they would do is is they would [ __ ]
follow you for like five [ __ ] minutes
everyone will pull you over they would
never ever ever if you go speeding by
they'll never turn the lights gonna pull
you over they'll [ __ ] follow you to
try to do a.m. to try to do like a
little grocery list of of [ __ ] that
you key that can go wrong it's so
[ __ ] annoying and I've always
wondered let's say that you let's say
that you catch somebody speeding or
driving like irresponsibly and then you
know a police officer you know it's like
following a person and they don't pull
them over immediately do you think that
um are they like culpable with that
person like [ __ ] you know ends up
getting in an accident they didn't pull
them over you know right when they
should have it's kind of related but hmm
so you're saying okay so they so they
they hover over the trial like get more
things on you like maybe expire tag or
broken taillight of some shipments right
like this and you drive yeah if you do
something about someone just said
they're fun because they're looking up
your plates [ __ ] cops can look up
your plates and do that [ __ ] very
quickly okay and usually a cop will run
your plate before they turn their lights
on but that [ __ ] is real [ __ ] fast a
lot of cops today have the technology to
like [ __ ] scan that shouldn't do it
on a matter
but but cops don't take [ __ ] five
minutes to run your place when they're
following you okay there's there are
cops that will follow you and do the
grocery list [ __ ] 100% but um okay
sorry okay
yeah that's a good question actually
well even you don't even go that far
things are disagree with the whole the
fact that we have like what we're like
dub now like obvious speed traps
throughout like mini locations in the
USA for state troopers just like the
[ __ ] over people with um because we have
to like meet there they're speeding
ticket quota because I don't know the
police department's underfunded or the
the local city tax is not good enough
revenue to pay the cops well or some
[ __ ] like that I don't know whatever
could be like I already hate speech raps
there I feel like speed traps already
make driving more unsafe and safe I
would say um but maybe I'm biased cuz
I've gotten a couple tickets from the
past if I like a trans you don't you
don't you don't even doing mean by
particularly by speech wraps like we're
like the speed limit is like it's like
really like artificial John [ __ ] Oh
some like goes I'm like you know
whatever 65 to like 40 and always a
place in Omaha if it's like 72nd Street
north of Ames where there I was driving
one day and this [ __ ] cop ran out the
middle of [ __ ] Road and like was
pushing me off to the side oh sweet oh
my oh yeah good job you got me dude and
I pull over and there's like six other
people they're getting speed tickets
like are you [ __ ] serious [ __ ]
racket oh my god and I have to sit there
and literally wait while the three cops
they're like going through the other car
away from my turn to get my little
[ __ ] anal rape speed unbelievable
holy [ __ ] yeah and then like three more
cars or like uh cherdon and you know
literally like half the people driving
past the street are getting like pulled
into this place for a [ __ ] speeding
ticket god it was so stupid holy [ __ ]
you're not wrong the whole the whole
idea there just like cops and cue ready
to [ __ ] everyone oh yeah I've seen the
same thing and a spliced work at a Game
Stop in 2010 I got relocated from my
small town to a really small town 30
minutes out I'm sorry after the drive
through like a incredibly small country
town sparse even had the police
department it was so small and I have to
cross over this bridge and behind the
bridge behind the big welcome to I mean
welcome to Monroe Louisiana like little
small-ass town when I would pass by
right there there were three cops behind
the sign ready to pop you if you if you
were not if you did not plummet from the
65 to the 35 speed limit that happens
like over the bridge it's like a super
super steep drop I mean where is this
heaven
Monroe I'm sorry that monster Maurice
Maurice enjoy Maurice Louisiana is where
that like it I wish I knew so hard I
wish I knew exactly you're talking about
because I might have because what you're
describing actually sounds like a place
I got pulled over in Louisiana yeah if
it's your first time passing through you
you would never see the speed on the
time like it doesn't look like it's like
particularly like is this there's like
there's like a hill that goes up and
then down and then there's like a kind
of like a smallish bridge after is this
does this sound anything yeah there is
like because I drove through I think I
draw from Dallas to someplace through
Louisiana I think it was to SL you say
no no not si you what what was it like
oh god I'm trying to remember we're
[ __ ] Nicole went to school but i but
i drove through and i got dinged in one
of these places and one of these like
stupid small town [ __ ] ass [ __ ]
like where where the where they like the
guy that pulled me over i think he was
literally like badge number one it was
like i feel like it was like the cop the
town is like two [ __ ] cops is so
stupid yeah OLS you maybe yeah it might
be LSU yeah it was LSU 107
yeah LSU that Louie's dumb like Texas
has it way better because like I driving
through taxes there's like just speed
limit 75 in a lot of areas you can just
like which is kind of where you want to
the speed you want to be at anyway to
get anywhere and I still use much more
relaxed better roads better speed limits
just like it seems more relaxed
Louisiana like all the highways are like
capped at 65 and it seems really
synthetic I don't really understand it
damn the the cops and in Dallas I
remember that I was driving I
volunteered to drive four people home
because um because they were all drunk
as [ __ ] and they were good guy good guy
that's the deal I like that yeah they
were in the front
one was sitting on the other and I was
driving through and some in that this
was in Dallas and the cops flagged me to
pull me over obviously some wasn't
riding on this thing and I thought my
life was [ __ ] over because I was
driving on an expired license and the
guy took my license went back to his car
ran it and then just let me go I
couldn't [ __ ] believe it
I didn't get a ticket or anything holy
[ __ ] so I have a special place in my
heart for ya you hadn't expired late no
I'm sorry hold on not an expired license
I had a what's the word I'm looking for
where they take it with registration no
no my license was revoked like are
suspended
I had a suspended license yeah and they
and they and they let me drive away I
couldn't [ __ ] believe it
I didn't eat as soon as they pulled it
over I was telling them it was like
cheeks Tanner toss
I think Nicole and like another person I
was like you guys gotta call my records
I'm get arrested 100% and they got yeah
he just gave me a license back he let me
drive off I didn't say [ __ ] I couldn't
[ __ ] believe it
oh my god mm-hmm bet you bet your hearts
taking to your ass and you got like like
- man yeah holy [ __ ]
[ __ ] that's crazy dude I kind of wonder
if like maybe the suspended license
doesn't show up that far oh no no it
must because when I drove to Louisiana
that next week when I was driving
through and I got dinged at that area I
told you he [ __ ] arrested me so [ __ ]
him broke-ass dumb [ __ ] little town
he didn't even [ __ ] him tell my car he
was like okay well we're gonna go to the
police station now like you guys are
gonna follow me it was like all this is
calm driving to my own [ __ ] arrest
like thanks I can't wait to drive myself
in a [ __ ] holding you piece of [ __ ]
oh my god so [ __ ] stupid [ __ ] dude
so you brought up the UM he brought up
the you know the car pileup or they're
all just in curated to like hit anyone
with the speeding take left and right I
had one more thing about that I forgot
what's not what I was gonna say now cuz
you bought up like two points I was
gonna like reinforce how [ __ ] the
the speeding traps can get around here
mm-hmm um I forgot I was gonna say now
[ __ ] but you're not you're not wrong oh
yeah that's being traps
I find they're really unsafe they're
kind of bully because again if you past
you first time you're not even like
deliberately speeding but they'll pop
you for going like like sub five over if
you're doing 39 to 35 to pop you if
you're once across the bridge these
summaries will crazy yeah and if you get
hit in a speeding trap you're literally
never in your
life going to be able to um you never
talk your way out of it because if
they're there to to get you for speeding
they're writing you can they stop you
yeah that's like the worst thing mm-hmm
have you ever have you ever tried to
call them out on it though I never argue
my way to me I remember now huh so let's
listen right here here is where the [ __ ]
gets actually stupid though when it
comes to speed traps here there is a
long-ass bridge between [ __ ] if you're
going from like Lafayette Louisiana
towards Baton Rouge like if you going
you know you want you want to go to LSU
but you're like home like the the south
end of Louisiana you gotta go there you
gotta go on this bridge I figured the
bridges call but it's a really long
bridge it's like it's at least like 10
miles long and on this bridge it's a
bridge that was built a long time ago so
it's not very like infrastructure proof
I guess because like a very thin
shoulder lane so it's a two lane bridge
going both ways two lanes you know two
lanes up two lanes Julian's North Tulane
style and you got like like one lane on
the shoulder if in case accidents happen
so you would think that okay yeah okay
yeah um it's a speed 155 on the bridge
yes but I can I you know I can go a
little faster I want to or whatever but
the point is I there shouldn't be
vehicles deliberately occupying the
shoulder of the bridge because I'd be
unsafe because that's reserved for
accidents these cops give no [ __ ] they
will happily be on the bridge occupying
shoulder lanes they're not that I'm not
meant to be occupied ever pop their pop
their trunks to obscure their sirens
that we don't know it's dumb camping and
they'll be like right there
some of them even like I heard like put
the radar gun pointed at their genitals
that way it doesn't pop off for radars
and then just then you know when they
see what this is who's learned fastest
all the radar gun out and then just like
[ __ ] hit you with the thing and it's
it's really scary because you guys like
the the Trump the trunk obscure the
trunking pop obscure and a siren it's
kind of like makes it look a little bit
of a I would say like a hazard like it
has i i've been i've passed by not
actually speeding but by passed by and
been startled by what i couldn't tell
was the cop car or a car at all right
there because like you only have like
the tires to like really show you what's
going on right there and to me that just
seems super illegal to do all that but
they they do it in effort to just pop
speeders on that on that on that on that
bridge that's speeding i get
advocating for anti speeding by omething
that's like the right way to do it
did you ever hear about how some of the
[ __ ] some of the money that these
towns are making these little itty bitty
towns were making when they would
install these speeding cameras there was
a city called new Miami right population
is like 2500 some small no-name [ __ ]
town in Ohio and all I remember seeing
was that they had they were ordered to
pay back over three million dollars in
speeding fines this is a this is like a
population like 2000 there were cities
that were getting like over budget like
their entire budget of the city was more
than paid for by like some of these
speeding cameras it was [ __ ] insane
that city in Ohio was called new Miami
and there are more as well like [ __ ]
there are like so many that'll be smooth
so much [ __ ] money
yeah I'm not the speeding cameras are
really stupid because um or I used to
live if they had a speeding camera and
this one like really annoying white and
it would pop you for doing a right turn
on red even if you completely stopped
and like if you're like like wasn't
smart I gotten pulled over for this too
there's some small no-name this isn't
like [ __ ] it was it like 2 a.m. I was
driving I made the drive between Omaha
and Miami a few times where I want to
basket in Miami Florida few times I've
driven a wide ruin a lot in my life and
there is this dumbass [ __ ] small town
where I don't even remember how you come
up to this road and then you turn right
because there's like a stop sign and it
yeah and it's like [ __ ] 2 a.m. and
like in the middle of nowhere
and I do it and out of [ __ ] nowhere
this goddamn [ __ ] Batman crusader
shoots his lights on yeah I don't like
what the [ __ ] what the [ __ ] are you even
[ __ ] doing out here are you actually
serious right now I'm actually getting a
[ __ ] ticket for rolling a stop sign
at 2 a.m. in the middle of [ __ ]
nowhere in this population 400 City are
you serious right now
un-fuckin'-believable dude you mad bro
you mad look if you if you got a problem
mr. destiny if you have a problem here
you can go ahead and contest to stick it
in court I'll see you here in
ruggsville nowhere on September 69th
[ __ ] peace and it's like do I actually
should a small town [ __ ] die did once
actually I actually got it was in some
no-name [ __ ] town and like Illinois
or some [ __ ] I don't even know but I
actually did I went back to this town to
um I went back to this town to argue my
speeding ticket
I drove [ __ ] back it's like an
eight-hour drive or some [ __ ] I
drove [ __ ] back to argue my speeding
ticket I show up in court and it's
literally like the court is like in this
it feels like it's like a little church
or whatever and it's literally like
three people there it's like me the
judge and then like sheriff or whatever
that pulled me over because I guess the
city literally that's like one [ __ ]
officer and then guys like oh wow you
actually came for blah blah blah I don't
like hell yeah I did and then the judge
like was a judge like well hey like how
are you doing like blah and I'm like
yeah like this speeding ticket was
[ __ ] I didn't remember why I thought
it was [ __ ] was like yeah I was like
the speeding ticket you know I came here
to you know contest it and he laughed at
me and he was like no come on let's just
go pay it I was like yeah and I was so
much of a beta because I thought I was
gonna get [ __ ] killed in this town I
was like alright I guess we didn't even
do anything and we like all three of us
go walk to his [ __ ] office and I owe
that super yeah well if you owe me that
okay so there's two things here we can
before we conclude we can conclude in
this point one I'd love to know
approximate how many speeding tickets
you've gotten so I'm wondering if you've
gotten more than me cuz I'm wondering
who here's like the worst driver and
then before we hit it though - I also
have I've sadly been to the courthouse
one too many times and my most notable
one was when I went to Maurice Louisiana
I went to the courthouse pay my stupid
[ __ ] ticket because they were so
antiquated on their system there was no
there was no just you know mail in the
money order and to see that you're
guilty no you had to you had to go to
the courthouse in person get called up
when it was your turn you know miss work
or whatever the [ __ ] and go in there and
pay your - stupid [ __ ] ticket so you
can move on with your life like the town
was so small there was no like
infrastructure people even paid a ticket
remotely you had to go to the courthouse
so I said what the courthouse and guy in
front of me looks like a you know I I'm
sounding to a profile right now but like
dude I was it I was in cake going to
country all this guy Mollet ripped jeans
you know the the the camouflage hunter
vest being ripped up by the shoulders
though the whole thing dude just like
you know only missing was like a nascar
hat and a cup of dip from from chewing
tobacco like you know and he I believe
he had [ __ ] in his pocket the whole
mouth up there went off in the cop let
it go through I coming from Gamestop was
wearing like you know swearing I was
wearing my little
my pinstripe you know my pinstripe
polyester pants my nice little dress
topping everything cuz they didn't allow
jeans GameStop you as an employee you're
not walking there and he's like oh hold
on I got I got I got Pat you down my on
you it didn't go off of me the melt
editor literally did not go off for me
anyone to Pat me down I'm like the [ __ ]
did the guy in front of me once gets a
[ __ ] pocket knife in his pocket he
has pockets you can pat him down I of
course do I didn't say oh this I'll just
like really in my marketing am I getting
racially profound right now god damn
dude
see I got the pat down you know no you
know spray cheeks with your sack or
anything else and [ __ ] then I moved
on
oh [ __ ] you know what actually I can
relate to you on that I can relate to
you I just realized it every interaction
you have with a cop I wonder if you're
thinking like am i canti racially
profile right now like I can't tell like
it might be in paranoid there's a some
actual [ __ ] going on I actually
realized that I feel the same way when
I'm playing League of Legends and I'm
not sure if I'm getting stream sniper
I wonder how similar the feeling is
after like the third like five man gank
and I'm like am I getting [ __ ]
streams time right now or is this just
some [ __ ] I'm that actually for sure
I don't I can't actually [ __ ] tell
right now and like the guy says
something and Chad you're like oh like
ha thanks Kate karma is like wait is
this guy like making a communist
reference cuz he's like streaming me or
he's he just [ __ ] you know is he just
[ __ ] around I'm not sure I wonder if
it's like a similar I would say yeah you
been you been a dude I I don't have a
lot of experience as she was typing
because I have not played many games
online but I'm having having had the
displeasure of dealing with Dark Souls
to PvP like I had one I want to drop the
a-bomb so bad cuz that's funny that's
what reminds me of but Obama I mean you
know it's 2019 we got the we got the
a-bomb we got the F slur we got the the
our bomb you want there's words you want
to avoid oh come rhymes was modest on if
I don't wanna say it or not though but
uh and also show autism is that what
we're yeah so yeah this uh you know I
was playing Dark Souls 2 single player
campaign and of course when you play
that game
anyone who's who's it near your level
like in your level of your character can
just invade your world they if they're
having meeting here that Mary you know
they can gank you and [ __ ]
and this guy would go out of his way not
just to kill me that's a taunt and
be on stream have it's like is this like
a little date name you know whatever
like [ __ ] muncher 49 or whatever on
screen
there's gotta go out of his way to
completely beyond me with like throw
poison on my equipment that way would
all rot away that way I was completely
[ __ ] and then kill me like I literally
would have it's like like all F for out
of the game because I'm not to get like
[ __ ] it on and it was so unfun like I
was like dude you're just being a cut
you're being a bully I'm not gonna Dark
Souls it's my first time playing voxels
- you clearly know everything you're
sitting here with like your freakin
double dagger a butterfly equipment
where you're supposed to hear ins BM the
[ __ ] out of me yeah of course you're
gonna win you know you know my build you
know my equipping you know anything
about me and you doubts kill me
congratulations dude your dick is
[ __ ] huge what are we gonna do about
it like so I don't know thanks cube
sniping is a special kind of like tilt
that I did never experienced before and
I oh my god dude it's like do people why
are people like this dude why like no
one likes do much at all I hated it I
just I played off on at that point I
would let the cable from my freaking uh
I played our Dark Souls to an offline
mode at that point cuz I didn't wanna
get anyone do a PPD more yeah I mean
playing it oh man dude people that do
Dark Souls I'm like Colin help for the
bosses that's like [ __ ] cheating so
much holy [ __ ]
the yeah you right you cuz you can call
on people to like come through the
symbols to help you kill bosses and
whatnot and it yeah it makes the grand
Mike yeah it completely makes a game
like way different in a bad way I think
but alright so we covered all that now
so you know yeah profile etc now the
question comes though Hot Topic your
destiny I took this have you gotten it's
double digits that's all I'm saying okay
I actually mmm I think okay here's a sad
part right my first ticket was 2007 and
I don't think I think my biggest gap of
not having a ticket it's like a year and
a half or like two years so I'm
definitely up there to I if it's not I'd
be surprised if it was under 10 it's
probably over 10 now I I haven't counted
personally I don't think I'm gonna make
a Hall of Fame here but like definitely
up there sadly okay dude it's cuz all
the driving Asians do man used to UM I
used to go to a lot of anime conventions
in Texas so you know just drive from
Louisiana Texas was like it's a boring
straight shot so you're trying to get
your [ __ ] up and get there too so yeah
and you know sometimes I'm hitting 90 in
a 75 and you know I'm just I'm just
chilling and but you know
gotta play it smart you know I you you
don't you don't do 90 and a 75 blind you
find a pond you find another idiot who's
got a heavy foot wants to go fast you
you let him go in front yeah then I try
to be dog don't ride his bumper you know
don't go agro I'm just let let him do
his thing and then whenever he slows
down you slow down cuz you're cool
you're no longer riding you know you
know it's your it's your car condom
you're not riding naked anymore you're
[ __ ] you got you got someone to take
the fall off if it gets pop word don't
you yeah cuz the minute he's me then you
see his brake guys turn on you slow down
and then you're good so you know I do
that but you know I learned that after
you know getting my third or fourth
ticket you know don't go in blind you
know don't go in blind when you're up
hills your visions obscured so don't
cook so make sure you slow down when
you're going down the hill because
that's where the cops pilot be at and
you know just go you gotta just gotta
play it smart
yeah so I'm smarter now but yeah I
definitely been heavy footed and
impatient in the lot of situations so
sadly I'm pretty up there hell yeah
brother yep
Gator doing so I think we've gone pretty
the derail meter it's already off the
charts right now yeah we're starting on
if you want to circle back to some to
some real memes here's something that
I've kind of talked about before that's
really interesting okay so it used to be
if you were like that something like the
internet is like changed the game for so
much of like how these kinds of like how
relationships work right like people do
long-distance relationships and why not
know and and edate and all this [ __ ] it
used to be this is like a word of
warning for all of you guys out there
okay it used to be that if somebody is
like 20 years old and they're like
trying to date like a 15 year old this
guy is doing like some very [ __ ]
creepy [ __ ] because like 20 year olds
should never really see 15 year olds
unless you literally like going to a
high school like it should be pretty
[ __ ] hard for somebody that's in
their 20s to find somebody it's like in
their mid team's but nowadays on the
internet we're all kind of like thrown
into this massive room together where it
now it's really easy if you're like
[ __ ] 40 years old to talk to somebody
playing overwatch that just happens to
be 14
be careful with that [ __ ] guys cuz like
[ __ ] yeah for a variety of reasons
like it's a lot easier now and people
don't necessarily see like you don't
necessarily think of somebody's age as
much I guess when you're interacting
with them online versus like in real
life like you're not gonna go down to a
[ __ ] high school and talk to like a
13 year old
but you know like on the internet you
very realistically could be so watch out
guys don't [ __ ] talk to teenagers and
[ __ ] here in your [ __ ] 20s on the
[ __ ] Internet that [ __ ] is not good
for a variety of reasons if for no other
reason because you're it's a massive
risk to yourself that you're gonna get
[ __ ] your life run but then also
because don't [ __ ] around with kids it
should have [ __ ] up alright these
people are like they have like barely
functioning [ __ ] brains okay don't
take advantage we were like oh that's
not good yeah don't do it there's a
couple of reasons here one I couldn't we
can really drive home here with the
science of is um wasn't there um what
isn't it fact now that a certain part of
the brain does not fully develop until
they're 25 years old
I forget what what part it is and what
it involves like decision making a park
all correctly I mean like a 20 yeah 25
is when your brain around 25 is when
your brain is supposed to be like um
fully developed yeah prefrontal cortex
that sounds like that sounds like it
yeah yeah that's the main I think that's
the main um God what is it what's the
name of the executive is executive
function to whatever like your
short-term decision-making and what I
like all of this stuff like your higher
cognitive processes and shuddered there
yeah it's the reason why I was a [ __ ]
idiot until until the reason why I
didn't actually feel like I was like I
was anywhere near I never like even
thought about what I was doing long term
like you know like five years in the
future until I was like 27 honestly like
I'm [ __ ] dumb dude like I look back
on the things that when I was 25 of them
like I'm an idiot I look back on I don't
even think I even thought like half a
year in advance when I was like 22 21 I
was [ __ ] dumb dude I was just like
man I was a little early on the day by
day basis kind of stuff so uh oh yeah
so one there's that yeah not
thoughtfully develop so no don't don't
don't interact I'll take advantage of
them and there's also I guess what would
be my stance here is that I wouldn't um
not to have anything here to hide or
anything but I would my stance prior was
I would never ask a female or anything
their age because that sounds like um I
don't want to be ageist or I'd want to
like you know cuz I feel like the same
category as like you know like oh you
know you know what what race are you you
know what you is I ask that [ __ ]
immediately as soon as I start talking
sometimes a girl and I realize it I'm
like six for six like [ __ ] lines and
I'm like hold up how [ __ ] old are you
[ __ ] although you
immediately yeah like I'm Idina the
[ __ ] door just in case just on the
off chance that some dumb [ __ ] comes up
I will always know that should mean if
you're under 18 see you you message me
and your [ __ ] 18th birthday I ain't
got time for that [ __ ] yep peace out
get the [ __ ] out here block no way yeah
just to clarify yo this is back this is
like pre streaming mean this is like you
know me at like age 22 free streaming
IRL this is like IRL interactions
obviously the girl girls I would talk to
the time so that's a little bit
different than like online now those
like the wild wild west so I would I
would definitely offhand yeah you know
you got the you're walking around with
the with the consent form and the you
know the ID check off top how old are
you please hope simply simply put so
yeah no I I agree
you gotta stay wise you don't want to be
the UH you don't want to be um you don't
wanna be the tragedy here of being like
a sex offender because you know I don't
know if I even the idea here that you
know you're you're 20 and you were and
you were caught with a 17 year old
because her her father was really pissed
off at you you violated her you know
violated her her sanctity somehow
because it isn't there some states where
um the age is like a jacket since 1897
teen and 17 is considered like sexual
offender correct oh there's lots of just
for the a jerk and centers would be like
16 but the laws on child pornography are
federal so I mean I mean like not
correctly I meant like not not child
porn it's more like in general like you
explicitly asked a girl she wasn't
because she was not a teens like oh well
[ __ ] you know there she was like
seventeen and a half or whatever oh yeah
I don't know I just don't talk to any
but any girls or anything I don't talk
to her that's just why just to be nice
and safe yeah [ __ ] that [ __ ]
but yeah so um you got anything else on
this topic here or you wanna move on no
I think we're good we can move on to the
sushi dragon yeah okay oh I [ __ ] I
ripped these headlines off of livestream
fail so that's why we didn't have a clip
for this one but okay are you ready I'm
about to play this dude give me a give
me account and I'm ready to roll okay
three two one one go
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
damn son
holy [ __ ] has to Dragon come a long way
man so can we uh can we crease low down
we could pop for a little bit before we
get to the clip itself yeah go hit us up
with these introductions so sushi dragon
I don't know how long he's been
streaming right now but I know that uh
he got a big profiling a profile boost
at twitchcon 2018 this year and I was
like wow here's a guy who as you can as
you tell in the clip depicted here that
he you may wonder like I see have like a
production crews are like people who are
managing the visual effects throughout
no that's all him the device you see on
his left wrist that giant like keyboard
or mini keep miniature keyboard all with
macro keys he's operating and doing
every single effect every scene
transition every background effect all
that is prearranged with button presses
on his little keyboard thing making it
that much more intimate and impressive
to manage all that while doing you know
the sick moves and everything so that's
sushi dragons whole shtick but um the
when I saw him profile that twitchcon it
was like mmm like it was very impressive
when you knew that it was like him doing
it but you can kind of tell was I'm
doing it because it was like not as
complicated with effects on effects
action you look now and you you could
actually you know debatably ask is there
is their approach and crew involved and
from what I understand from to my
knowledge so far here it's still him
doing the whole show the same you like
the video editing beforehand to like get
all the effects that ever does have
people that have them without guys
before him I don't know if you guys like
staff to help them make the effects but
and all the effects are all like macro
to his keyboard so he just he's doing
all that timing in real time are yeah
yeah the timing is in real time yeah I
wonder how much of the video anyone that
he does so it's pretty sick but yeah
like what I was seeing here though is
like
makes what he would he had profile that
twitchcon last October look like child's
play dude he looks like a [ __ ] God at
this point now I do that is that is sick
mm-hmm that's really sick so that's a so
this happened well this happened like a
last week correct this is a recent thing
yeah six days ago I kind of wonder um
have you ever watched like any of the
doc stuff as well I think the doc and
this guy is probably a couple others you
see that go for like the ultra high
production quality route mm-hmm
yeah doc has the full green screen where
he'll like he'll right you can literally
do like entire skits if you wanted to
but he usually uses the full screen or
the full stage green screen depict is um
what is it the the doc bedroom and the
in the doc locker room and stuff like
that so yeah yeah your game and get
these like ultra high quality things
going on I know I definitely need to I i
I've considered getting the full green
screen I said no I don't know what like
what what things I would do yet but uh I
would want to say I'd want to try it out
on a YouTube format first like Dwight do
some skits before I would hop on and buy
do the whole like whole thing here but
also think your that like some of the
charm like alright if I can keep it 100
I keep it 100 right now uh oh yeah
alright alright so like i I've been
watching twitch for a very long time and
whenever I was watching a particular
streamer um do I drop the name yeah do
it well this is the Navy pride guy's
[ __ ] name drop but we don't mess with
this [ __ ] little [ __ ] here named rocket
name dropper to get the [ __ ] out so you
know what's her name um kitty is it
Hello Kitty am i nice banter yeah
kitty plays games was having a big Intel
sponsorship like a couple years back and
she was getting a PC building it's like
oh cool
this like you know not mind you I was
like just outside of my comfort zone I
had been only watching speedrunners that
point so I was kind of like getting out
there and watching you know Gold Glove
and other big streamers trying to get
some Intel I'm like what does a big
broadcaster do that I'm not doing
I'm curious here if I cuz I was not
full-time yet I'm like do I what are the
big buckets was doing so I can
understand what being a triple-a
broadcaster is like so that I could I
know what it entails in case I ever want
to consider
going full-time on streaming so at that
point I had I had no no goals of it in
just like you know get good at the
speaker and speedruns I was doing for
the games I was playing well so I see
you know okay cool here's a female
building the PC that sounds pretty cool
check out me see ya like I would never
think to stream myself building a pcs
sounds like something that no one would
want to watch you know typically the me
over-thinker so I'll go in there
and I felt betrayed because it wasn't
her building the PC it was like her like
vlogging with some Intel staff guy at
some fancy Intel sterile pretty building
building the PC look it wasn't even her
doing it I'm just like oh I feel I feel
skills impersonal and non intimate not
it kind of caught me kind of jebaited me
a little bit but then that that wouldn't
be the big deal right cool you there's a
guy building your PC because you want to
look pretty from the camera no sure no
big deal there but then like the angles
change there's like multiple cameras
linked into one feed and I'm like is
there a production crew here and then
like like the the a camera whence the B
Cameron the B camera had some of the a
camera exposed and you saw there was
multiple cameramen along with multiple
cameras with her in a studio I'm like oh
it's not even her streaming or it's not
even like her I might even like watch me
from her own like phone POV this is her
in a production studio doing her doing
her little vlog thing man that this
feels mega not personal like where's the
intimacy here you're not building the PC
you're not even alone with the guy
building the PC is just you and a studio
people at Intel making you a piece of
from them to make them look good so I
felt like I felt a big disconnect you
know not there's anything wrong with
what you did there but I felt a big
disconnect I'd never felt prior before
on Twitch and I'm like I would have much
more enjoyed it was like you know me and
the streamer together going on an
adventure you know even if the PC
building would've been like amateur or
bad or you like you know have like a
grounding era or whatever yeah we're
going to go through that together that's
why I'm watching your you built the PC
because I want to relate to all the
[ __ ] all the b-sides to be a so these
um that I would get when I'm building a
PC at some point if I'm new to the game
and I feel like if you pursue that high
production value eventually it feels you
lose the intimacy I would say like um
yeah there's like when you're streaming
or watching a streamer there's this like
implicit it seems right now that the
the culture there's like this implicit
intimacy that exists and to break that
is very uncomfortable for a lot of
people right this is why people get so
obsessed with the idea of like you know
being real and being true and not being
a sellout and blah blah blah because
it's almost like it's something that
gets kind of worrying right but but
they're not just like a streamer or
somebody or watching for content this is
like your this is like your friend that
you're watching like being realistic and
like baring their soul and [ __ ] for you
so yeah yeah it's very interesting I
don't mean I guess in some ways it's
good because it helps us make more money
because people look up to you and watch
your [ __ ] more put it in other ways it
can be maybe unhealthy with the way that
some people treat the interactions right
the whole parasocial relationship stuff
yeah and but the important thing here
though is that I did I wasn't even aware
of it I wasn't aware that I desired its
Missy until it wasn't there and it was
in a high production environment and I'm
like oh now it's feels like broadcast
television so I feel like it's like it's
even crazier because it was at a
subconscious level until it was made
aware it's kind of like how you know you
don't appreciate good sound editing
until you watch I don't know a movie
with shitty sound editing and you're
just like wow these this score is louder
than the dialogue this dialogue is not
mastered correctly the you know etc
right like huh yeah like sound like you
guys you guys know if you you all play
games here in the chat so it's like yeah
whatever you if you can think here of a
game has like [ __ ] horseshit sound
editing or just bout bad sound effects
you're just like when it when it works
you're merchants there and you only
appreciate it or you really like
villainize it whenever this the sound
editing or its sound Direction is poor
because it takes you out of the
immersion so you're on it you're on this
nirvana non-stop with like intimate
personal relatable streams until you get
to that part where you get you get
burned by seeing a production a high
production thing and you're just like
this feels so calculated and sterile and
it feels like not not organic so trying
to think if there's ever been like can
you think of an example like in me do
something where there's been like a
third wall or not a third world fourth
wall that's been like really
uncomfortably broken or things weren't
quite as you kind of hoped they were can
you think of there's an example there's
there's got to be some example in real
life where there's some like childhood
hero or friend or something you looked
up to and then like when the curtains
were peeled back a chain
dramatically or something can you think
of anything like this area I'm so jaded
on the whole like blind devotion to
something and looking up to its I'm so
jaded off that not jontron guys Bill
Cosby [ __ ] did I don't know that I have
to dig back so far boots like for me to
even be in that mindset of even being
able to be jebaited off of that would be
like at least like eight or nine years
ago now I was like 20 so I was much more
impressionable then and I'm I'm trappin
who would I even give a [ __ ] about when
I was 20 years old I don't even know
[Music]
couldn't tell you offhand I the only
example I can really think of is like
this is like a really corny one but you
know the UH John Lasseter who was the
overhead executive who was in charge of
Disney Feature animation and Pixar
whatever he got popped
recently for um you know for having
sexual harassment charges put against
him at the Pixar studio for for hugging
women uncomfortably and kind of like you
know making women feel gently uncouple
with his like aggressive oh [ __ ] this is
the one I heard about right no no no no
no run wait was it right I'm actually
might be thinking oh there's a lot of
meteors recently he [ __ ] it was more ice
never thought that like you know he cuz
he was like you know he was the guy I
was like look at him dude he freaking he
got on that Disney worked on Fox and
Hound in the 80s grind his way at the
Pixar was was a guy a Pixar at 1985 whom
they were like a no profit money sink
for Steve Jobs they persisted they
improved their their CGI animation with
their supercomputers and they're in
their animation rigging they eventually
get a contract with Disney in 1990 to
produce a produce six films at which
point through five years development
hell finally in 1995 store Toy Story 1
happens it's literally a rags to riches
story dude this guy went from being
absolutely nothing to being inspired
with one work on cartoons to getting on
at Pixar and then making Pixar or being
on the Pixar ship with Pixar blue up to
what it would have what it was when they
weren't there Nirvana of great films
finger after banger after finger and I
might do I want to be by
him and then you know intellectual [ __ ]
happens and it's like [ __ ] another guy
corrupted by power and it kind of also
explains here the fact that is probably
very minimal female representation at
Pixar as well because there's been you
know it's been 18 years a Pixar we have
had debatably one co-director one female
co-director and all the Pixar films so
far so this probably has been a giant
like dick-measuring ego maintaining
contest over at Pixar so I'm kind of let
down by that I think I was thinking um
it was Morgan Freeman that came out as
having had a lot of inappropriate
interactions with people right yeah yeah
that was one I was thinking of as a not
really related thing because I wasn't I
didn't I didn't quickly remember who
that Kitty plays games was I googled her
and there's apparently a streamers pedia
and I looked her up
and she has multiple subsections she's
got twitch channel streaming and gaming
equipment right so she actually has like
multiple sections out and I was curious
so I searched her myself on this
streamers Expedia
site to see what was written about me
and it was literally destiny the game is
all there is
[ __ ] this boy [ __ ] ass website you
know you're not relevant families I just
got to admit bit the facts here like
work on it okay I mean if you were a
stellar streamer like kitty plays with
her with her team Kitty Network and her
stellar viewership everything else and
you would be you'd be extravagant but
sadly you are you are known pedophile
who let me stop okay Danny chill out
damn I was gonna make I couldn't think
of another team thing dude I had to take
the Batangas route did I I'd like that's
what they beat you up on all [ __ ] day
dude
yeah no no no um she would PD I do
that's crazy
um do you have a wiki yet did Wikipedia
or quit on yourself yet is there like a
destiny of the streamer Wikipedia
article um yeah there's absolutely like
[ __ ] three paragraph long so yeah
mines also pretty [ __ ] I don't know when
that happened either but um
Apple for me in 2015 it's pretty pretty
generic though
oh that's pretty cool someone just
brought this up I'm sorry just real
quick did you hear about the dumb super
[ __ ] which dumb thing you're talking
about the fact that it is like in your
little and ratings talking about the
when they liked it the three-second
intro to like the yeah yeah thanks or
whatever it yes and mmm-hmm Jesus why
would they do that why not does not say
anything at all
so the okay so I guess you want you
wanna you want to improv into this right
now
this sudden oh yeah just a quick thing
we're gonna talk about it for long just
seemed really stupid to me yeah so the
reason people are upset about the
halftime show is because like you know
Stephen Hillenburg passed away this year
so if there's ever gonna be a time to
like give a fitting tribute to a
spongebob which those already know for 1
million pledge petition on change.org to
advocate for you know giving spongebob
the halftime Super Bowl thing in
reference to the most popular episode
band geeks they uh you get mega jebaited
here because I actually do play some
footage from the episode and then it
just it transitions into sicko mode from
Travis Scott and you'd feel like it was
used because it had like it had metrics
it was gonna pull in you know you're
able to do the min match he did the
absolute minimum the pool in the
Spongebob fans and so thing they were
getting what they wanted but then you
did the maximum two piece to the lowest
common denominator of like mainstream
fans by giving them like sicko mode in
maroon 5 um bad yeah that's pretty it's
pretty cheese is pretty cheap and it's
even worse though because like the Super
Bowl staff or in order committee kind of
admitted a wrong Bluemont got the next
day cuz the negative backlash done by
that cheap tactic the mercedes-benz
stadium Twitter tweeted out you know the
stadium with all of its like Jumbotron
monitors playing the entirety of the
band geeks song monologue or to start a
song portion of the episode to it to an
empty crowd you know sure like the the
dramatic shots of like the the mass
seating capacity of the stadium but it
being completely empty while playing the
thing and you know in memory of Steve
Palin Barry quote-unquote but it's like
you're doing it now to save face because
of all the negative reception because
you just used cuz you slash the NFL's
Social Committee use it to just draw a
more fuse but on actually give
any-any tribute or any mention of you
know r.i.p Stephen Hillenburg sure so
there's that but that's not even the big
thing though though the thing I find
more of more drama worthy was the fact
that you saw Adam Levine of Maroon 5's
delicious man nipples all on stage and
it makes the entirety of the 2004 Janet
Jackson nipple ordeal that she was not
aware of by the way that much more
comically stupid I would say like
Janet's nipple without consent was a and
then like your yard down you know
freakin fifteen years later and you know
you got Adams nipples on stage for
extended period of time and it means
nothing so it's just like I don't know I
mean to be fair at least whether you
think it's right or wrong I mean in
current society right male nipples and
female nipples are treated quite
differently right so uh yeah yeah to be
fair yeah but that's a good uh that
that's the thing that I thought was like
a interesting take there was like people
were like calling out that hardcore and
I'm like okay okay what you actually
going to oh yeah I was if you're done we
can do the The Last Airbender oh yeah
yeah let's do it
alright three oh my god alright three
all right - my boy biscuit let's do one
three one go go
long ago the Four Nations lived together
in harmony
then everything changed when the Fire
Nation attacked
only the Avatar master of all four
elements could stop them
but when the world needed him most he
vanished
a hundred years passed and my brother
and I discovered the new avatar an
airbender named Aang and although his
airbending skills are great he has a lot
to learn before he's ready to save
anyone but I believe Aang can save the
world
[Music]
oh boy so my boy biscuits been going on
quite a journey in the last like the
last month and a half or so mm-hmm
I don't know when he shaved his head I
think that was like for a sub-goal or
something like that did he shave his
eyebrows too
yeah I'm pretty sure yeah that's bull
dude don't I brought stick with a
long-ass time to grow back to like I
feel like they do I could be wrong but
yeah I feel like they do yeah I really
eager no not really you gonna find out
that but you know more power to you
mm-hmm
yeah he's been on he's been on quite a
journey man I love us out of context
here this is what I live for this this
is that literally the intimacy I look
for here this is this whole scuffed ass
production value that is exactly the the
twitch that I I love and hold dear to me
so um have you have you seen was it 2009
the live action uh last airbender no I
have not
have you oh my god yeah sadly yes it was
oh my god it's honestly the okay was
2010 the fan base will to let you know
that this doesn't exist like this is one
of those things that is like so the
movie is so bad that people kind of like
forget it exist alongside like 2008
Dragonball Evolution like Dragon Ball
fans like what would movie what film
they didn't even happen like it's like
it's so bad you don't even want to like
glorify its badness with memes no it's
like you don't even meme on it you just
like silently
ignore it it's that bad was the movie
was it I didn't actually watch the anime
this is why I didn't watch a movie it
was it like a tie-in to the anime or was
it like a
what happens after or a prelog or what
it was it was an adaptation of the of
the show I'm done by M night Shyamalan
shamalamadingdong did he have like a big
twist at the end or it's just it's just
[ __ ] awful dude they um they calm on
rather than Eng they mispronounce the
names it's it's littered in whitewashing
because like a lot of white actors too
picked a lot of the Asian race depicted
in the thing it there's there's a lot of
like narrative lis questionable things
like mistakes and payoff like people get
a lot of development and it goes nowhere
people like died who had no the
they deviate pretty far from the pacing
of the show itself and it's it's it ends
on the most like like blueballs obvious
cliffhangers if they were confident that
they were they were doing good enough to
justify a sequel ever not to mention
just like you know the epic
I don't scald the epic transformation
arts that he's doing right there it
looked like look like a breakdancing the
blonde in step and step up or or bring
it on like it on some kind of dance
movie rabbit in here wait it takes a
shitty Dragon Ball movie for white
people to notice whitewashing mmm way
it's not true
well yeah I don't think trihex is white
I don't understand that comment sorry I
keep going yeah no this whitewashing
wait yeah it's been whitewashing going
on for [ __ ] decades no no I'm sorry I
was just interesting that somebody said
that when you're sitting here talking
about it I thought that was did you um
why I always feel like um are we still
like when it comes to like film
adaptations of certain things sometimes
I get this impression that somebody
watches something and they come away
with like the totally wrong idea about
what the [ __ ] they just watched I'm like
I want to make a movie about it
did you ever read Ender's Game no I
haven't [ __ ] so Ender's Game so it's
like a six-year-old would have read
Ender's Game
they might say that like Ender's Game is
a movie or is a book about like a kid
that blows up a bunch of aliens but it's
not really about that at all right
that's like science fiction is usually a
setting used to tell like a more
universal story right so Anders game is
really a story about basically a it's a
coming-of-age story about a boy growing
into an adult and then kind of finding
his place in the world and figuring it
all out while everyone around him is
pressuring him to be somebody else it
isn't right and by the one they made
like did you ever watch the Ender's Game
movie I haven't either knows oh [ __ ] the
Ender's Game movie is is literally like
taking it and just making it to like an
action thing and it's like what did you
even watch or understand like anything
about like that the subject matter I
feel that happens a lot with like the
underlying material special when it
comes to like anime adaptations and some
or not anime adaptations like video game
adaptations into movies and [ __ ] or
certain book adaptations into movies
where it's like what the [ __ ] is his
adaptation like it feels like you know
like ha have we ever had a good video
game movie the short answer would be
probably not an exceptional one and I
can if you want to get a minute here I
actually would love this
great topic to [ __ ] on a couple movies
for a second mm-hmm so one is the fact
that you're bringing up in this game
having like completely losing the tone
having the invalid focus due to the
adaptation sometimes I feel like that's
done through marketing like if the
property is not particularly well known
or they don't feel exceptionally
bankable they'll try to take like the
notice of the property to reel in those
fans and then through marketing
department revisions and rehashes
they'll ultimately say yeah we need to
like add more action that way we can uh
you know if we're gonna go for pg-13
years go ahead just maximize it by
including more violence for the 18 to 24
year old male so what want to go to the
movie so that so that kind of dilutes
the the intent from the adaptation to to
some like Generic fodder filler though
the hint of flavoring so if you like
some like weak seasoning like limp
noodle trash stuff Rabin's I'm like
potent seasoning spicy flavorful film
may I guess you could say but back to
the topic here about the bad movies dope
yeah in recent time I mean do people
forget that there was a Tomb Raider
movie that came out last March I forget
her name we see a stoning her name is
but yeah I had no idea
movie came out which are people
completely forgot about that looked
pretty pretty pretty
more loyal I guess you could say but
still pretty generic because it's like I
mean why would I play tomb raider when
it's just feel like it's that all the
cutscenes but none of that none of the
interact none of the interaction that
the game allows me to have and I feel
this was especially a bad idea for
2016-2017 27th no whatever year the
Assassin's Creed came out the Assassin's
Creed movie with um Michael with
what's-his-name whatever his name is
though but yeah
the if you live here though the
live-action Assassin's Creed that came
out I [ __ ] I remember hanging about this
but I never played the game so I never
actually watched a Michael Fassbender
there we go yeah Michael Holick Connery
was also an alien and alien covenant
well the problem have Assassin's Creed
as you know is you you um you you time
travel back to like you know Victoria
errand a Victorian era London or you
know a ex place you know if you play
another game you'd be Egypt or whatever
right you travel back in time and you're
the cool thing here the entire giving is
that you're you're in an interactive
realm from the past an intimate detail
well then you can then do assassinations
of like you know historically
significant figures to
to revamp history and the thing is
whenever you take that interactive form
of before a game concept and you apply
that same thing to a different medium a
static medium like movies you know I'm
no longer might as impressed here
because yeah you're going back in time
which is this is another set piece being
filmed for a movie it's not as
impressive anymore anyone can make the
set piece now or it's a Victorian London
you're just running around doing [ __ ]
that's cool and all but the concept now
for Assassin's Creed lends itself much
more to its originality to gaming and
interactiveness then I feel a movie so
the movie concept on its own evil is
gonna be cool but unquote good or
quote-unquote well shot that doesn't
interest me honestly so it didn't
surprise me that sounds created badly
because I don't make its concept when
did itself towards being a good movie
sure so did you ever see Liam a long
time ago this is one of the only I don't
even remember that well but one of the
only like gamer was actuated watching do
you watch the dual movie no but I did
see the final the final three minutes
where he's like the the doom first
person should differ a little first
first thing you have to rock yeah when
are we gonna get a really good video
game movie there's like so much material
out there
challenger soft okay what what video
game lends itself well to being a good
movie I mean I don't know I mean I think
if you take the right I mean like I'm a
[ __ ] fanboy but I would say like any
final fantasy or like but even the Metal
Gear Solid [ __ ] could work like I don't
know I think you could do it you would
just have to UM like like really take
out
oh yeah like any of like an uncharted or
even any like the Far Cry games as much
as I usually don't like those like I
think there's a material there that
could like be a movie sure actually
something a lot of sessions here Metal
Gear Solid III do think would work but I
think Konami is way too stupid like
tsunamis just like - like ineptly
managed to ever have that actually
happen correctly continuing on here
you know you know actually we were due
for a Halo movie in 2008 but who was so
what's it like Denzel Washington slated
to be involved in that I feel like I
read that a long time ago I don't
remember any address attached to it I
remember that a Neill Blomkamp the guy
who did a blue Blanc am I missing it
wrong cuz like South African but uh the
the director who did a 2009's district 9
they ever saw that
[ __ ] sick by the way yeah yeah okay
yeah yeah he was slated to do the the
halo movie but Microsoft was being
twitch of a control freak they wanted
like a lot of creative control over the
film to the point where no big studio
none of the big six Disney Fox Universal
etc none of them want to take it because
they were they wanted a bid they
demanded way too much [ __ ] for it to
ever be like a feasible collaboration
project but since you're going to be
Microsoft in the pilot seat and the X
studio funding all the money for it and
then they get minimal rewards for it
so when halo is at its peak clout
nothing ever happens sadly that's
exactly but you know maybe so yeah so
there's there's that people are saying
here that a god of war actually the I
agree but I think god of war especially
now that the 2018 game I think God award
be super sick for a movie
I definitely with that I think did you
ever play The Witcher games no Witcher 3
is on my on my queue though I've heard
you know game of the irregular but which
is are another one you think is a yeah
for sure
that has like the perfect mix of like in
terms of like humor sex [ __ ] and sexy
girls and like action and kind of like
mystical you know fantasy [ __ ] like I
think The Witcher would definitely be
actually that would be my number one
candidate for something that could like
be a movie or whatever would definitely
be The Witcher or actually even like a
series which I guess they're making on
was that on Amazon or Netflix or who's
running that I think it's a Netflix
where they're trying to make it into a
TV show I feel like it's gonna be super
[ __ ] though so oh yeah I guess I guess I
guess we'll see then won't we here's a
question here what about um what do you
feel is a shitty game movie idea that's
likely to happen soon is is there
anything that goes in that realm here
what's a game worthy idea that's likely
to wait what save it again but like a
game that would be that's a movie that
would be a terrible idea that is more
likely to happen than a good idea like
do you think I'll ever make me [ __ ]
for like like Angry Birds happen I was
like why the [ __ ] would you do Angry
Birds but it's like okay I guess you
know when you add as when you know cuz
Angry Birds the movie was like just
loaded in celebrities that it was like
if you if you over stuff with with like
bankable celebrities added a lot of like
license like a really pop
license music and just make it animated
and call a kid fodder film I feel like
there's gotta be like another battle
royale movie I mean like these movies
for a brief moment in time like started
to come out what was the name of um what
was anybody American when I was like
based on the Korean one [ __ ] what am I
thinking of it was like one of the first
like big battle royale movies was gonna
call about Oreo I think being a below
based on the book here was it just
called battle royale not Hunger Games
guys there was a Korean or Japanese like
of this type of like Battle Royale it
might have just been called Battle
Royale
and then there was like an American
version looks okay yeah I was just
battle round
yeah then like The Hunger Games it's
like a battle royale I'm really
surprised we haven't seen like a like a
fortnight desk movie mmm you know but I
don't know I mean it's getting tough now
they'll like with like uh I'm sorry I
have to go I have to call him here again
Oh mister but the fact that like Disney
it seemed to they're moving forward with
the whole acquisition of Fox for seventy
two billion dollars now that's going
forward it's like have you have you seen
how like scary monopolistic it's looking
for the landscape of modern move
moviemaking like did you see what
Disney's releasing this year alone
between nineteen it's actually
ridiculous the second entrance is coming
out right oh my god dude that's it look
in 2019 alone live-action Dumbo in March
Captain Marvel in March Avengers in game
in April
live-action Aladdin in May Toy Story 4
in June I guess to an extent here
spider-man aspire me on homecoming or
spider-man far from home is in July
that's not cynically that's like a Sony
property but it's it's MCU you know
catapult still um it's my forgetting
here uh there's two live action's there
was live-action Aladdin and live-action
uh or live-action CGI remake a Lion King
in July frozen 2 in November I mean
[ __ ] then in Star Wars 9 in December
dude like look at that but it's like
like if you're not Disney right now
you're your chart you're figuring out
like what month is unoccupied for you to
even released your your your biggest
banner at this point that is that is
ridiculous dude what about um did you
ever read the Artemis Fowl books
no I'm saying I've not oh they're making
a movie of the Artemis Fowl stuff that's
I did here but though yeah I did hear
about that yeah I wonder how that'll
turn out so um but yeah dude like look
at that look look how much all that is
what - spider-man all that is [ __ ]
Disney dude disney / Marvel and I should
scare the [ __ ] out of you dude
holy [ __ ] so yeah I'm not even surprised
there's no Fortnight movie because what
like [ __ ] theaters nowadays I'm like why
the [ __ ] would I even want to try to
fight that [ __ ] it's like I don't know
it's like [ __ ] trying to fight no big
bubble in jail you're something get
[ __ ] bent over and destroyed in the
booty I guess I don't know metaphor toys
here well yeah I would if I was a
phallus epic at fortnight I wouldn't
give a [ __ ] about movie adaptions either
I would focus on [ __ ] trying to steal
steams clout and keep the epic launcher
as competitively viable as possible
while pouring out the epic epic Unreal
Engine - every [ __ ] thing I can to
build in from there then Will Smith the
genie in the live-action Aladdin oh it's
gonna be a year for movies my dude yeah
it's gonna be cool man it's gonna be a
[ __ ] show for sure oh and so yeah we'll
see man we'll see
shoutouts if Black Panther wins Best
Picture it's gonna be even like crazier
because I'm just like just got Disney
just like taking over everything here
yeah but yeah yeah that's a that's all I
got for you there a little tangent be a
blast everybody know it's a terrible
[ __ ] film like the the choreograph
the choreography for the fights was
comical the the the cinematography was
terrible if you saw it in 3d some of the
scenes were literally too dark and they
were not adjusted for the tint that the
3d glasses puts on you when you view
them so you couldn't see a [ __ ] thing
mm-hmm
it was actually one of the few movies I
saw that I would really and I'm not want
to do this here but it was a movie that
I literally was like yo I want to walk
out this film this is just a waste of my
[ __ ] time I could I can go home and
play you know halo 3 right now instead
instead of watching this [ __ ] war
[ __ ] damn yeah it was bad it was [ __ ]
bad did you end up in class I didn't
know because I uh
I don't know am Knight I'm just like I'm
burned on him at this point I glass does
look interesting but I was like now only
way for a wait until I have to go see I
guess they do a c-class yeah I did yeah
that was my homework I gave you I think
a week and a half ago or something did I
say to go watch it
Oh
oh I forgot about that baby you don't
respond to my deals i but you don't even
DM me to remind me baby you just hit me
with the home economy assignment then
you never do my be alright do it oh [ __ ]
here you can you in this episode here
you can reassign me homework and I will
I will make up for now I'm over it now I
don't care anymore
I'm over it okay all right we're moving
on
all right moving on baby's own 18 new
year new me let's go
Hikaru Nakamura Nakamura clearly one of
my fans
I'm s he's very good at chess it's our
final clip are you ready I'm ready I'll
let it up can we count all right 3 2 2 1
1 go
I shouldn't have done this either but
how's it really
so bad
haha check me with point one oh damn
holy [ __ ] dude that's [ __ ] crazy dude
that's that's great I had to watch it
twice because I was like do that time or
do these I'm free I'm bitin I'm [ __ ]
biting my nails right now looking at
this time he's freaking out man he's
running out of time dude yeah he's
definitely um definitely playing the
clock playing against a clock do you do
you think that um do you think it's kind
of surprising on one hand it's kind of
cool to see these people engaging with
twitch but on another hand do you think
it's kinda surprised that we haven't
seen like more of this kind of jump for
like people like poker players or these
kind of like board game players to like
be more and more active on the twitch
platform I guess for chess you've got
like Jerry from the chest network was
doing it for a while but I'm kind of
surprised you don't see like more poker
players and [ __ ] like jumping on Twitch
to know like we've already got like
really big celebrities like Drake and
whatnot you know kind of engaging a
little bit with the platform release
with people on the platform beulah
saying players already huge are they
actually I was I good yeah you know you
know what's funny about this I remember
I had like a um I had a very jaded
stance back back in like you know when I
was younger and Dumber like 2050 2014
which which was like really really young
I was like man wait until like the first
like triple a celebrity finds about
twitch and just like [ __ ] monopolize
it for his own use like like what if
like well if like Will Smith's son Jaden
Smith like it's on and takes over and
become because he has like the cloud of
being like a known celebrity you can
just like you know 100k viewers or some
[ __ ]
yeah you use the upcoming movies gonna
be in it's like you know clapper hey you
know come and come hang out with me cuz
I'm known and famous in popular and [ __ ]
and I was like man you can be with that
how do you compete with someone who's
already got that kind of like Illuminati
of like of clout and I guess known miss
and I was like dude [ __ ] celebrities man
[ __ ] them this is our platform I was
very like you know uh sources demand
allottee
but you know I'm older now I'm wiser and
I have a modern stance on it now which
is that yeah like anything any bro for
the platform ultimately is good because
it's like a new it's a new avenue of
viewers for you to win over if you have
compelling enough content then yeah
though they'll eventually come to you
maybe obviously know the problem there's
more that note which is very top-heavy
because like the discoverability
which is pretty terrible but it's gotta
be fair it's kind of obvious but
assuming it gets getting to get better
as it's been progressing now I advocate
for you know yeah I'm totally down for
four more people coming over to twitch
certainly mm-hmm yeah I think I think
it's cool
I definitely approve of it as for while
I thought it would have not come over
its which yet I don't know I don't know
I think you think is there still is
there like some big like sport or some
big like activity that would do really
well in twitch that hasn't like
discovered it yet you think hmm whatever
whatever it is it has to be a thing
where you can talk a chat like I don't
see like motocross for example ever like
I don't know if you're like a that's
what I'm saying like NASCAR you've got
like a cam like in your [ __ ] [ __ ]
here like at the track or something
yeah it's guy with something more like
previously there was no like the barrier
between them between the person the
participant and the audience like this
giant bear or like I guess broadcast
television or like some like production
crew but the minute that you can take
the reins and you can just like you can
personally thought the chat ball engage
anything you're doing makes it like
unparalleled unparalleled ly in
two-minute silence I don't release that
correctly and when that happens it's
like ooh yeah I can you know cuz you
always you know even previously now it's
like for example steak let's take a
Hakata here right like there's
documentaries on chess masters there's
chess tournaments on espn2 or whatever
but I never get to like you know see
them just casually practice or like them
just like [ __ ] destroyed you know
anyone who's non grandmaster at chess
given time and then provide their
play-by-play commentary over why they
won and you get to like you know boost
your enlightenment over your
understanding of chess from there from
there like superior perspective and just
you know admire them for how how far
advanced they're even playing in terms
you know this guy's playing like you
know probably you know ten probabilities
per turn or if not higher you just you
know it's [ __ ] that good and it's
crazy and so I would think that anyone
who's coming over to this thing with
it's got a bit of it the most if they
can just like talk to chat in general so
whatever so the next big thing is
whatever comes to mind for that I don't
know it would be offhand here but I
think if you can talk the chat and and
provide your own personal insight mm-hm
you're gonna go pretty far with it I
feel like there could be like I feel
like there could be room
I wonder if like the production be too
complicated but to actually do like live
streaming of like a large airsoft or
paintball matches I think could be like
pretty exciting if you've got like an
actual like board that's keeping track
of the people that are still opera and
whatnot and then you actually have like
multiple camera angles to catch like
matches especially like if you could set
something like that up and get like
streamers and [ __ ] involved and could
you imagine like rolling like Greek and
soda and like reckful and [ __ ] like into
like a big paintball match with like
cameras and whatnot I feel like this
would be a really big streaming event
like 100k + viewers would tune in to
like watch [ __ ] like that would be
really [ __ ] funny yeah I didn't go as
far as to say it like okay so that's I
think that's actually a solid idea
mm-hmm wait what I'm choosing more about
what you presented right there is the
idea that will there ever be like a
business that wants to like make like a
giant studio that like cuz the whole
idea here too is like you know if you
can get like a studio involved that
would give you like an enclosed
environment where you can like
interchange things whether it be like
the turf or like you know if you want to
do like I don't know it's some kind of
arena tier staffing where you can change
the the terrain from like a soccer field
to an ice-skating rink and you're able
to like use the the giant rigs within
the arena itself to just like do
whatever you want to do like like like
your for example me and you are willing
to do like ice skating like amateur like
little thing together like a little like
a duet with me and you you know I carry
you and you carry me and we do like some
some try to try to like a triple axel
whatever right we do bust our ass or
anything and the only thing holding us
back from doing this is feather there's
no studio available for us to do this at
but what if someone innovated hearing
and have like you know the pro streaming
like custom rig arena studio thing we
can finally do that we just rent it out
for like a thousand bucks and just
[ __ ] do it you know yeah very
interesting to see more that I would not
like high quality yeah yeah if the if
the equipment was there for us to us to
like you know execute it I wonder how
Papa that would be if you were only a
thousand dollars away from like putting
on some sick one-off event how
frequently would use that to be fair you
and then renting some of these places
but probably more than a thousand
dollars for a day but um yeah yeah for
sure yeah yeah we've got the fact we've
got the reddit thread do you have
anything else to say on this sorry mmm
no this was it was sick dude that was a
oh wait I'm sorry hold on [ __ ] we've got
one more a fifth one we don't have a
clip we can watch because their ban our
boy RK comrade a sumhassin ah be his
seven-day twitch cops happens to the
best of us he's in the club now we've
all we've all been there
yeah yeah he got banned for yeah so he
got banned he got popped for showing a
segment from Michael Moore's Fahrenheit
9/11 documentary if I recall correctly
right and during said thing there was a
depiction of a dead body and it was like
an educational like in my team and I
think it wasn't it wasn't like you know
a gross score thing to freak you out
it's like yeah this is this is the
effects of war here's a here's a dead
body it was all wait I'm sorry was both
it was Bowling for Columbine yeah say I
was welcome sorry both okay cool cool
yeah you're right 9/11 my bad yeah I'm
gonna say that I'm sorry um yeah it was
a dead body notion the side effects of
worn [ __ ] it wasn't until they even
glorify like you know like necro I don't
know be composed by or anything like
that
I thought the context of the clip you
saw if you would have saw it or if
anyone here had seen its like it wasn't
meant to like glorify dead people but
apparently you know there was someone
who was triggered in chat and got and
you know it fired up you know it was
like it was like you know you know fat
I've been just you know it's skeeted on
his keyboard hit hit and they happened
hit the report button and then off
office on went so that's why I
understand what happened there but yeah
he's out for seven days and I just sucks
I'm not really a fan of that I'm not
really a fan of that that band it feels
kind of it feels like super questionable
yeah it's kind of weird because you've
got like the whole context you know
rules and everything like I'm trying to
think like I feel like I've shown like
dead people in stream before like in the
context of like a YouTube clip or
something not like ultra graphic but
like I'm pretty sure it's happened and I
was under the impression like as long as
this stuff is don't like within like a
certain context like you're not just
literally don't like Gore porn or
something that it would be okay but yeah
it seems kind of strange I guess it's
not so yeah for me yeah the problem is
like it makes like politics
which seem that much more questionable
to do now yeah sometimes it's like hard
to yeah sometimes it's hard to know like
what's already you know people disagree
with you you're gonna get people are
gonna pop in with like you know racist
username all two people are gonna pop in
and donate to try to like you know get
you get you destroyed by using your text
speech on the nation's to like get you
to like say words you wouldn't otherwise
you have like the filter on max you got
it what's worked a little bit harder to
deal with the people who who oppose you
stronger because you're you're you're
engaging in politics on Twitch mmm-hmm
then you see this this stuff here you're
just like okay well damn now like if
context didn't save him then [ __ ] do
that you have to play like really safe
now and it's kind of like neuters your
ability to like do pod Capel itical
podcast ripple or pop political
discussions more engaging or effectively
it kind of feels like on the same thing
on on youtube like i here on youtube if
you like if you bring up like iran or
war even if you use these words you like
advocating for against war if you bring
up Yemen or bombings or like you know
war criminals if you use these words
that are basic descriptions of what's
going on
you monetizing your ology monetize so
it's like well [ __ ] if I can't well I'm
gonna do like what can I do then like
what can I for my youtube we're trying
to use my independent political platform
talking about if I just want to talk
about this at all like am I even like
Pro it I wanted like I want to just talk
about solutions towards stopping it if
you're on the good side I guess what do
you do I mean it's like fun well so it
feels like a similar thing to that
honestly yeah yeah I don't know it's
kind of strange too that he caught like
a seven day ban for I'm pretty sure this
is his first band ever yeah correct kind
of scary because now his next one should
theoretically be a 30 day ban unless he
can go through months without getting
been for anything although I don't think
you would but yeah doing political stuff
on Twitch can be pretty scary sometimes
if you can catch bands or stuff like
that yeah yeah yeah so you know F and
Chad from my boy I saw an ID socks dude
judge will be a more boring place
without him now so we'll see what
happens
yeah I'll have to step up and really
deliver that high-quality League of
Legends content that people want so that
we have a good replace yeah
yeah I'm going YouTube and do more
makeup tutorials and for dive videos to
make up for the lacking political stuff
so okay back to the yeah yeah [ __ ] I
forgot to click my record thing today so
I'm not actually sure how long we've
been on for have we been on for about an
hour and a half I all right your your
vaad is at 144 yeah but we were like I
don't know 15 miles long yeah I don't
know how long our uh I think I think
we're about at ninety now we can uh yeah
okay professional you are we are we are
absolutely professional absolute
professional okay you see here can you
link me the UM make sure that we remove
imply can get here and meet the are we
wanted up to the right up right now for
yep we are going to the reddit thread
for questions all right I mean obviously
I pre screen here so I'm definitely
ready let me see here um I'll just start
running him down what was the host first
impression of each other when did you
wonder the was the first time you heard
about me the first time I heard about
you okay so this is pretty high actually
but first I'm hearing about destiny and
was actually um are you ready for this
one so in in 2015 in 2015 right you you
you already had the Destiny Gigi website
up right yeah I think so yeah okay so
patreon approached me at the peak of my
Mario maker like 8,000 viewer average
way back when and they were like yeah
yeah yeah come to our play we would love
that you're on a platform I think you
could use a fruit for great stuff and I
was like I don't really know what I
would do I don't know what more can
often what I already do now with
streaming so I kind of declined it but
then whenever I brought that the the I
brought the proposition to my chat about
patreon which I didn't do ultimately um
someone told me about hey well you know
you could do what destiny does and I was
like well who's at what does he do and
then that was my first never hearing
about you was your was your approach to
the monetization model of keeping it
more having less dependency on the
twitch platform and more of your own
independent thing where you had your own
you know destiny one through four tiers
and all others [ __ ] yeah but I don't
know who you were thought you were just
like some leaked streamer I didn't I
didn't know like what you did at time at
all so that was about my barrier a
release impression was like okay he's a
smart business guy cool but um
fast forwarding though my my first
impression that was probably more
meaningful of you mmm actually don't
really remember honestly um cuz by to my
bite I mean you encountered each other
on Greeks podcast or it was a transplant
I think I was trans and was I already
knew that you were that you did the
basin [ __ ] I knew you guys like that you
were like the debate guy but I didn't I
don't remember it was my very first time
cuz I feel like I already knew who you
were by that point so I don't member
what my very first impression was yeah
yeah and I think I think for me it was
more or less the same like I've kind of
always been aware for you were in the
background would the Mario maker stuff
especially when I got big and then I
knew that obviously you were the face of
tried and everything but until I think
it was the train wrecks podcast was like
my first like long-form impression of
you yeah here's my question okay so both
our answers are kind of like you know um
yeah nothing too exciting
not cliffhanger what made you go on the
podcast oh that's actually what I would
like to hear about I feel like I was
kind of like definitely a fish out of
water when I what's the Greek podcast
cuz I was like the only one who like I
thought was the only one who had like I
guess answers that involved any kind of
nuanced detail of stuff like everyone
had like a very like ya know but I was
all like I have like long-winded
elaborate if it's on everything and so
much so that would I would often just
write down my answer so I can just like
poured it out whenever I finally cut in
and speak like I was like really really
polite and very passive mmm-hmm and I
feel like um it wasn't my natural
environment so I'm kind of wondering
what would make you say yes to go on
that podcast as well basically over the
last couple of years for a long time in
my streaming history I was kind of an
isolated person I only stuck to myself
and then I had my own group of friends
but I didn't really do anything with
other streamers ever I didn't have any
streamer friends I didn't have any like
I just was always kind of on my own for
everything and then over the past like
year especially the past year or two
I've kind of like made this mark
concentrate concerted effort to to
affiliate more and interact more and
network more with other streamer people
and so when trainwrecks gave me the
opportunity to do it I was like hell
yeah that'd be amazing yeah so yeah I
pretty much just jump on anytime I've
the opportunity to do like the Raj Patel
stuff or the train wreck stuff or talk
to any other screamer related people I
try to do that more to kind of reach out
my cool cool yeah the same thing
definitely um Greg offered me on and
then I I do I got a guy hi there
before cuz I'd same thing I never really
did collabs before or anything like that
and then when I was on that podcast I
was like oh when I'm when I'm podcasting
on being my real self in a
conversational sense with amongst other
streamers I'm not like you know putting
on an act in front of like a reacting to
twitch chat I'm talking with somebody
else it's like two different like it's
two different methods of social
interaction and whereas like talking the
twitch chat and putting on a show like
drains me a little bit um the podcasts
like you know fuels me up like it's like
oh I'm it's like a release it's like I
get to be like in a therapy hour because
I get to like be candid about you know
sometimes streamer stuff streamers
dresses or whatever but just in general
just like casual conversation while
streaming it feels refreshing it's a
good counterbalance all that all the
traditional stuff we would do otherwise
yeah that's pretty good okay let's hear
what would it take for each of you to
decide to leave the United States I'm
just rolling I'm gonna ooh boy
what would it what would it take [ __ ]
Amanda that's that's a good one I could
you go first I'm trying to think you're
like what um what would provoke me to
really make a decision that's a that's a
big commitment there's two things
unfortunately the boring thing is one
with Nathan I would never leave the u.s.
there'd have to be some catastrophic
[ __ ] that would happen it because it
would have to be so much that I could
take both him and his mom it's right
yeah so it would have to be some huge
[ __ ] like mass starvation or like food
shortages or something if I didn't have
Nathan I don't even know if I would
still live here I feel like I probably
would for simplicity's sake I don't want
to figure out how to immigrate to
another country and all that [ __ ] but I
mean if I was going to I probably move
somewhere in the a you yeah hmm well let
me see here like so the honestly why is
everyone saying masturbation what the
did I say masturbation I don't
understand yeah is that masturbation
when I said emigrate I don't wanna
figure out the immigration [ __ ] no I
think was like oh like you said like
massive nation all mass starvation yeah
there's like masturbation it's like oh
masturbation masturbation oh jesus
[ __ ] crazy holy [ __ ]
gotcha okay I'm sorry go ahead
well as a competitive masturbator ya
know I was uh I was debating going to
just just going out of the us ain't
going to EU back in like November 2015
because I was like is that this like
crazy crossroads where I am I was you
know successful on twitch streaming with
Mario maker and I had like I had the
least do on at my part of my roommates
and I was like well what I want to do
now I do III I'm kind of at this like
the celebrity this note which celebrity
status here and I got something crazy
you know I can get out of here I can go
I can go wherever I want I thought I had
too many options I had ad good money I
had nothing really holding me to
particularly to Louisiana and I can go I
can go anywhere so there was a point
where I was gonna like take a trip out
to like Germany or Netherlands for like
for like a 2 or 3 weeks I was I was
committing doing that like in January
2016 and if I liked it I would stay
there and if I loved it I would say for
a year and if I if the year went well I
would stay out there for a longer period
of time but I had a couple of EU friends
who were like really like telling me
yeah you should come over come check it
out and I was like you know I did that
with California I had never been west of
Texas until 2013 and I went over there
and I got a taste of West Coast and I
was like dude and it got me you know
just that whole travel got me a mega
motivate to push further on Twitch to
like be able to like it's a point where
I could travel more go to more places
get more enlightenment and whenever I go
somewhere you know I get a better idea
to reflect on where I was you know I say
at like Louisiana you know
hypothetically here and until I travel
away from Louisiana I can't effectively
reflect on how Louisiana is to me you
know what I like and what I don't like
about it I never I'm away from it so I
thought you know if I do something for
you in general I can go over there and I
can I can actually say for once what I
like or don't like about being it being
in USA you know I'm numb to the
polarizing divide between like
conservatives and liberals and in our
American political climate I'm numb to
our you know economic inequality and
class warfare um
I'm [ __ ] evolving obviously but I'm
like I'm very much like used to it now
did you wondering where were some
insights you got like after traveling
whatever coming back was there anything
that you liked or didn't like about like
I did next
here's a satisfying answer actually
everyone ever went to EU ended up but
ended up staying here and just doing my
thing I was I was close that I was close
what's funny is okay it's funny you
bring us back to the reason one of the
main reasons why I didn't go family when
I am when I told my mom and November
2015 that hey I'm thinking about going
to Germany for a couple weeks she she
actually cried on me she uh I was I was
there with her in person I went to visit
her at the house and I was telling her I
was gonna I was gonna probably go to
Germany for a little bit and she was
like oh you're leaving too this is that
time whenever my my step-brother who's
like six years younger than me so a time
I was I was 27 27 28 27
and he was like you know 22 or whatever
um he was in the military he just liked
the part to Okinawa Japan for a two year
a two-year trip for being on for being
on the Okinawa Okinawa military base so
you know both children rocked the house
now she was alone she was a little my
stepdad and she was just like my baby's
leaving me too he started crying on me
I'm like whoa you can't throw me the
tears whenever I'm trying to like like
you know figure out what I'm gonna do my
goodness yeah well yeah but it grounded
me down a little bit and I realized how
much I meant to her so I was like okay
well you know what okay cool look I'll
figure it out I'm not gonna leave us a
I'm gonna like I'm just gonna chill I'm
not gonna like leave for a long period
of time or whatever fine so that so I
kind of like I kind of chilled on that I
don't really regret it but like I still
definitely want to I'm eager to very you
could go International and visit some in
some new places and get some get some
enlightenment on on who I am and what I
and what I do you know I want to be able
to like you know I want to walk down you
know I want to walk through you know
downtown Tokyo and your Akihabara and be
like again it could you could you tell
them obviously American like is it is it
blatantly obvious and if so what does
that mean you know one more about my
identity through the extension of like
Who I am and who I am not mm-hmm I think
from the the three things that I like
the three things I like about America
that's gonna trigger the [ __ ] out of
every year piona so this here's the
three things that I like about the
United States number one okay number one
we have [ __ ] water fountains
everywhere and I feel like in a lot of
in a lot of European places I've been it
I feel like it's just not that common
I like the fact that if I gonna like a
Target or Walmart or some [ __ ] if I go
to the back of the bath there's always
like a [ __ ] water
found there that's I don't know why but
this is something that I very much value
in my existence like if I walk somewhere
if I go to a store in the United States
I could usually find a water fountain in
Europe it's like outside of airports at
least in Poland and Germany and [ __ ]
like it was very [ __ ] hard to find to
find water fountains anywhere yeah I
don't know damn that's one thing well
before we wanted to point to here I do
want to bring up I have heard through
observation that like water is
considered more premium and outside USA
because Americans don't drink water
omegle all nutrition and so at
restaurants you know water is not free
whereas water is typically free and
restaurants in USA it is not such
elsewhere that is that true I think in
Germany you have to explicitly ask for
tap water otherwise if you ask for water
in a restaurant I think in Germany they
usually bring you like a bottle of water
or like they pour bottled water into a
glass and they say with you that was
true for three or four time at
restaurants I want to I don't know if
that's true across all of Germany though
but where I was at least that's that
seemed to be the case I'm trying to
remember I think it was like that in
Warsaw as well in Poland where if you
ask for water in a restaurant they will
bring it out in a glass but they pour it
from a bottle and you have to pay for it
unless you explicitly ask for tap water
yeah okay in the US if you ask for water
you're never paying for it unless you
you have to in the u.s. you have to
explicitly ask for bottled water
otherwise of us our water at a
restaurant actually you don't usually
ask for water to restaurant usually just
bring it out to you for free right at
the start you know unless you work out
on these like corporate chains like I
did because they would make you shame
them hard to be like oh you want bottle
or tap and like that you kind of like
the shame them into saying they want
bottle share hands but there's the water
fountain thing which it got a blast
America the second thing is and I've
says before I was gonna trigger the [ __ ]
out of euros in America there's like a
it seems like we have like a minimum
standard for like hotels like in America
if I spent like $50 a night for some
[ __ ] hole in the wall motel I know
I'm gonna get like a big [ __ ] bed
that I could sleep in and like a shower
and [ __ ] and it feels ok I don't know
man in Germany I've stayed in some the
cheap hotels are [ __ ] really [ __ ]
scary and weird and [ __ ] horrible I
don't know dude I remember
standard like well like there's like
there's like in a mistake in Germany I
think it's called the Ibis Hotel where
they're like you like check in like with
a machine and the downstairs and like
the shower is like when you open the
door there's like this room and it's
just like this all plasticky and closed
air I feel like I'm stepping into a
[ __ ] gas chamber pretty much I'm
sorry I'm not trying to like yeah holy
[ __ ] yeah oh my god I don't know I've
just I've stayed like in some
surprisingly [ __ ] and like the like
the cardboard thin like beds where I'm
like I actually can't even believe this
is like real yeah I don't know I feel
like when I'm in um I feel like when I'm
in a when I'm in at the United States
like if I stay in hotel there's like a
minimum standard that I feel like is all
is quite a bit higher than some of the
places that I've stayed at and some of
my European travels but um yeah he's
like is there any like these like group
showers um no I haven't seen that that
was more of a Japanese thing off from
what I've seen depicted here but like is
that like never never seen that any
hotels you've been on nope okay and then
and then the third thing is in the
United States and this is gonna trigger
forget all years as well okay in the
United States bring it bring it
we have amazing [ __ ] breakfast oh my
god the breakfast in Germany in Poland
is so [ __ ] depressing
holy [ __ ] and the United Kingdom the UK
and the United States does some real ass
[ __ ] breakfast you get big-ass
[ __ ] pork pancakes [ __ ] good ass
[ __ ] beans like holy [ __ ] if you and if
you're in [ __ ] Poland or Germany you
get like a [ __ ] ham sandwich you get
some [ __ ] it is some [ __ ] oh my
god it is so [ __ ] to be fair and in a
lot of these countries they don't
believe in having like a very heavy
breakfast but [ __ ] that [ __ ] dude
American breakfast and English breakfast
is so much [ __ ] better is so much
[ __ ] better and amazing dude drag
them in bro tell tell about how [ __ ]
[ __ ] their portions are I heard EU
portions are omegle all small like I
mean they are but I actually tend to eat
less so I actually appreciate the the EU
portions versus the American ones
American portion size are [ __ ]
ridiculous
you're not wrong like you remember when
like in the in the mid-2000s when all
the fast restaurants like change what
was like large like Oh to like wear it
like a medium it's like [ __ ] 20,000
ounces or whatever yeah like we're like
medium now is like over 20 ounces and
large is like almost 40 ounces now oh oh
hold on sorry I got to remind people
just real quick because I know this
triggers heroes to you someone said
we're not fat [ __ ] you up you are a
lot of you guys in Europe are catching
up to America very [ __ ] huge in
Europe you guys have a huge [ __ ] yeah of
course yeah for some reason people think
that obesity is just like an American
problem but it's actually a Western
world problem every European country is
the fattest yes this is all right now a
hot topic didn't is it like Mexico now
confirmed to be fatter than us I think
Mexico and Australia might both be
larger than the US
I think cuz they have they have a high
reported obesity right now so I think
that's generally been true I could be
wrong but I have to go look but um dude
dude and then look I saw I saw a vice a
little short film about like the did you
know that like all these big fast food
chains like dominos and McDonald's and
KFC and all them that they kind of even
care about any anymore like like North
America is like old news to them now
they're expanding wildly in the Middle
East did you hear about this like um I
forgot the country that they picked up
here but like dominoes it's like it's
countries where like there's rampid
suppression of I guess out creative
outlets we're like I'm forgetting we're
here it's again Middle East year but
like they uh
areas where you there are no nightclubs
where porn is like censored by the
government on the internet and like so
ultimately because of like the neutering
of what would be like like I guess like
culture and congregation like people
gather families gather at these
restaurants down these fast restaurants
so you have like you have like
McDonald's and KFC that are able to like
acquire enough money to get to be
beachfront properties you have um in in
there they're rapidly expanding now to
where like the the certain Domino's ice
all depicted in the film was like legit
freakin like they had dedicated call
centers for how frequently Domino's
delivered in this one Middle Eastern
country
it's insane like it's it's it's viral
and the obesity rates are getting out of
control
these areas - now because uh the there
it just you know out here because it cuz
they have the culture it tied to it and
people are used to like how how we used
to gather in the malls and the nineties
how these people are gathering at fast
restaurants in the 2010s now yeah yeah
someone in chat just said that like it's
like one out of a thousand to see like
fat people in some European countries
yeah it's just it's a selection bias
like you're used to making fun of
Americans for being overweight but like
every single person is like trying to
spam link me [ __ ] in order to prove like
how not obese their countries are and
like the u.s. is fat and when you're
talking about just obesity and
overweight miss the u.s. is definitely
like really I think we might still be
number one if you're only looking at
obesity but like all of these other
countries you guys like one out of five
or one out of four of you are obese not
overweight but actually like obese right
like I'm assuming this chart is pure
light we Poland is 23% like hold on it's
very interesting when Europeans get like
really offended about this topic even
though a lot of them most of them are
fat as [ __ ] as well they always end up
linking me [ __ ] that's like well only
one out of five of our people are
actually obese right like and people
even will say like well the Nordic
countries are guys Sweden has a 20%
obesity rate not overweight great but
obesity rate so one of the five people
in Sweden are literally [ __ ] obese
you know twenty two percent of people in
Finland are obese right like yeah these
numbers and then like when you look at
the actual overweight you know things
like in the UK and Germany and France
like over half of your population is
overweight this idea that it's just this
idea that like America is the only
country like an obesity problem we're
definitely like like leaders of the pack
but all of Europe is getting very
[ __ ] fat as well it's um it's it's a
global problem like obesity is like a
huge thing that you know if I can hear
there's two things I want to I want to
further in on here which one I know
people gonna ask me you know oh I see
you know they're gonna say one you live
in Louisiana try x + 2 y is Louisiana is
so [ __ ] high on that list Jacque I'll
get to here in a second so I'll be happy
to elaborate on Louisiana's particular
problem but also to here
obesity thing is one thing can we can we
also dial the no on childhood obesity
yeah that's definitely the big one
that's been like bumping up and that's
probably the more scary one to me over
the last like two decades is the snap
that I read is that if you reach obese
weight at any point in your life you
have a 0.9 percent chance
of ever getting back to a normal weight
Wow
yeah so if your child obese yeah you're
like yeah [ __ ] yeah you're [ __ ] dude
yeah cuz I could X it actually cuz like
if your child obese you know your eigen
facts are because of how you know
cannibalistic the the so the social
groups can be throughout middle school
high school in the winter school you're
gonna get called fat you're gonna call
you know Porky or chubby or you know
whatever whatever good night they're
gonna call you and because you're sad
you're gonna look towards your outlet of
eating yummy food to feel better about
yourself and then you will be a cycle
let it happen over again you're sad
because you eat and you eat because
you're sad and it just continues further
and further and it's all how it always
happens so it's it's a sad sad tale but
I've seen it happen time coming in too
much in fact I even when I wasn't woke
to the importance of dieting and
nutrition when I worked at McDonald's in
2006 I would see there was nothing more
depressing and I mean it's like
genuinely more depressing than seeing a
kid with protruding double chin man
boobs and everything kid had to be like
and maybe fourth grade at best yeah come
in there and order an adult-sized double
quarter-pounder only she's in ketchup
with a with a chocolate banana milkshake
large and this in this kid pound all
that down I'm like the the calorie dense
nests of this meal there's just no way
and you know and the mom is right there
ordering it for I'm just like dude like
what is that that was like my number one
trigger is watching my sister they're
like nine year old son like was a boys
probably about my weight this kid was
nine and was like almost a [ __ ] like
he looked like paul blart mall cop like
I couldn't believe it like dude like
your life is [ __ ] like you're
literally like [ __ ] like and you're
not you you're so young you have no idea
like how [ __ ] you are like I have no
idea
yeah probably this guy is probably nine
year olds with [ __ ] of stretch marks
like I can't yeah it's really really
really [ __ ] yes that that that makes
me incredibly sad so I definitely want
to see that's not the one thing I did
enjoy um I think people don't give
enough credit to Michelle Obama for like
trying to like you know get your she
focused on child obesity when she was
first lady got so mad about it yeah
sadly though she was she was swooned by
coca-cola and PepsiCo and the parent
company of like a frito epic a frito-lay
because they were just like they
they did some crazy manipulation over
like calorie count to try to have the K
for like how how not actually you know
they weren't really down for like you
know you know like making less healthy
foods like yeah look look here's a
calorie count don't worry about trans
fats don't worry about you know XYZ they
kind of manipulated the perspective of
what they were doing so that like so
that she felt happy for you know adding
more calorie count labels on some of
these bad foods folks but latest if that
game gone him but yeah you're right they
they had a lot of hater a for her back
yeah yeah get your kids to [ __ ] move
dude we have an obesity crisis right now
that should this should freak you out
yeah so um but yeah so the one child
obesity is really really bad it scares
me I'm very very sad about that but -
why is Louisiana so high man so there is
a there might be a correlation here
between the fact that I don't have a
conclusive evidence here but there's
like a correlation between the fact that
like uh Louisiana was reported one of
the happier states in the United States
yeah and that's and that's from the fact
that was a lower reported rate of
depression I think it's how they measure
that so you know you could say there's
more about here by like the health care
crisis because who's really going to the
doctor declared depressed you know just
kind of like deal with it but you know
that they were happier and then you're
happy when you're and typically when
you're emotionally happy your emotions
tend to dictate how you eat so when
you're happy you tend to overeat and
when you're sad you tend to under heat
so if you're more happy you're gonna be
more often and here in Louisiana got
some good-ass foods people eat good all
[ __ ] time in fact I really realize
the differences here when I started to
travel more often to California and I
would see that like that out here you
know you order a plate lunch again
you're getting some good portion you're
getting you know two slabs of pork chops
some some some rice and beans some
jambalaya and you're gonna get like you
know a bread you you know people people
are conditioned here in the south to
expect a piece of bread or some form of
bread with their meal I want bread and
you get bread there might be a roll it
might be a slice of bread but you
getting some privileges with your stuff
comparatively you go somewhere in
California and the the breads of premium
in size it's not standard you get the
bike you have to ask for it to to
dielectric charge whatever wait hold on
wait is this actually true from the
restaurants I've been to some times yeah
the I mean sometimes you get a pasta
like okay for example right let's say
yeah if I go to a local restaurant here
and
if I order a pasta I am 1,000% getting
some probe that [ __ ] for sure
comparatively if I go to a local chain
and like and like um I don't know like
it so in LA I could order like an
alfredo pasta and I'm not gonna get
bread necessarily hmm that's a bit that
makes sense
like um okay so I I these from well what
about with my own anecdotal evidence
here so I've observed this is a random
random related question do you have a
chain in your place called hog-wild no
it's so [ __ ] good that it's like
southern food
well southern food but like basically
you can go wait is it called hog wild
pit barbecue or whatever [ __ ] that [ __ ]
is that's some good-ass [ __ ] [ __ ] if
you just want to go get like some
dirty-ass pork and [ __ ] like Sandy's hog
wild barbecue and Pasadena Texas the
original hog wild and Illinois hog wild
BBQ and Gulf Shore Alabama and they had
a couple of years I'm not sure which one
it is
mmm do y'all like some slow roasted
mesquite barbecue ribs we'll come on
down
Andy hogs wild barbecue we have our
famous own made barbecue sauce loaded
with over 46 grams of sugar per serving
that [ __ ] is absolutely potent
slow-roasted in a [ __ ] fancy ass oven
for over 400 hours it poke fall off the
bone good here too good bread hell yeah
hell yeah bro [ __ ] yeah
yeah dude so yeah back back to thinker
yeah American portions I might take a
little testing here but I I'm excited
dude I'm whenever I finally travel to EU
I cannot wait for the next podcast after
this I'm gonna come and go super ham on
all the things that I am now woke to the
differences are the the nuance the
nuanced differences between USA and the
rest of the world I cannot wait okay
what they did actually all stops nice
for you too by the way
sadly I don't think I'm going to twitch
Connie you I'm kind of getting some
mixed vibes I know if you're still going
or not by her it's kind of a [ __ ] show
because like y'all y'all been get
they've been pretty numb for a pretty
pretty minimal on giving y'all
details what's going on though the whole
event that correct why are you saying
y'all like I have
our information I don't know has
anything everybody knows I know cuz
you're [ __ ] going until you told me
you wish me to go I was like okay cool
I'm gonna look into it I'm looking into
it Nana not [ __ ] yet like what does that
where is it gonna be a besides Berlin
have they said like the venue or
anything I'd saw on Twitter people were
like bitching about how like they're
being like like okay for example you're
like twitchcon last year USA they they
did this really dumb thing where they
like they hotels went on sale before
tickets for the event itself went on
sale and then that kind of like [ __ ]
me over because I was waiting for the
tickets go on sale about a hotel and did
it backwards I'm like alright that this
is just some some bad planning on the
logistics and of twitch or whatever and
so I was kind of pissed off about that
and then going forward now this one here
they're dropping balls and worse like
there we're getting closer right now
there's been almost nothing revealed so
far okay am I crazy Berlin is a decently
large city like don't you need to know
where the venue is before like you
[ __ ] or so I don't know no yeah
that's a so if you're still going out I
would try to like hog with more details
a little bit you're there but that's
like a I don't think I'm gonna go at
this point it will be at City cube
Berlin okay gotcha call okay so but you
know what I'm not gonna cop out your
question here cuz your question was what
would it take for me oh yes you move out
USA yeah that's a good question um [ __ ]
dude
people are pol people standing here at
Rupp 2020 um effect that I'm not yeah
not not that that would be extra
frustrating but that would that that
would my my gut reaction hermana be the
most educational one but my gut reaction
there is that that's xx xx xx happens
like okay yeah we're now we're gonna
officially have you know the too far
gone we're gonna have like devastating
long-term climate change damage because
they're gonna have another another four
years of like a corrupt epa cabinet that
doesn't believe in climate change that
believes that i mean you see the tweets
here but it's like yeah like you know
you got it you got a polar vortex it
should be an error you should have you
lit early have a polar vortex that
supposed to be the antarctica
that came down to like central Canada
and like the Midwest USA with
temperatures that we have never seen
before in two decades
it's non-reader Cades of the coldness
and you're still gonna say that it's
like it's a phase like come on Alec
really well it's cold so yeah isn't that
what trap treated it's so cold where's
global warming at comeback yeah good
old-fashioned good old-fashioned warming
yeah so but yeah like uh yeah that was
saying yeah we were submitted now for
the downfall of human civilization
because we're gonna have like you know
unbearable eventually inhabitable
regions of the globe that just cannot be
cannot sustain plants or certain crops
or humanity so you're gonna see you know
more refugees more more like what's the
word here uh
evacuation of inhabitable areas and
you're gonna see you know crop crop
droughts and resources become like
scarce it's gonna be really really scary
probably if not within a century then
within two centuries for sure and that's
gonna be really really bad but um you
know my my outlook will be the OK by
that point the tangible damage will be
so evident that like people would get
woke to like not to like like lose faith
in the Republican Party or just like or
like you know stop trying to say that
you know or even even all the the
centrist Democrats are just still like
you know bought out and corrupt would
actually like fall apart now that people
would get really low to the actually
getting like genuinely left candidates
to move forward on populist policy that
would actually represent for the people
that would be Mike's like Mike my gut
reaction is that you know if Trump was
2020 then by 2024 things will be so
[ __ ] bad that then people will
actually be for real welcome will have
like you know a decent voter turnout and
will give a ship I meant I wonder if
certain types of geopolitical climates
would would make me wonder like if
nuclear tension started to rise her in
the world if that would drive me to move
somewhere I don't know I haven't really
thought about that but yeah I haven't
either it's a good question I wish only
had I wished that one was submit a
little bit earlier so I could like give
that one more Fox I'm kinda giving y'all
really boring answer right now I think
that's a good question okay well I mean
I think we good I think we covered I
think we covered some decent ground so
to attach your question though yeah go
for him here how do you feel about this
uh how do you feel about this for
is it too soon asked so far about that
are you feeling that yeah I think so I
think just bouncing from topic to topic
more organically it's probably better
than running down the hardcore news
stuff although no I feel like I might
need a violet for political stuff but
I'm not sure but I using this as an
outlook for political stuff that doesn't
really make much sense anyway unless
you're gonna go hard into it I think so
I agree with that yeah we'll figure it
out we're still enjoying this [ __ ] maybe
I'm sure we're getting closer close
close to ending it we should actually
have like a set date for this show like
we'll kill it after like the 20th
episode and then relaunch the next one
so that we have like yeah yeah yeah no I
think uh I do like ah no it felt more
potent the last couple of like the last
two weeks but I feel like this the
synergy here was stronger like we I mean
the M did we the topic we got heated
almost [ __ ] traffic tickets dude that
was like that was a hot topic sure wait
was wait what was the first thing you
said what rapper got heated on was oh
the topic we got most heated on was that
was traffic stops Oh traffic said I
heard something different or a second
I'm sorry okay yeah that's true yeah
[ __ ] [ __ ] all that [ __ ] okay cool so
well yeah we'll be back next week then I
guess with another I don't know I did a
we did five topics or like five clip
related things kind of this time with
the house and avi stuff and then the
child [ __ ] the Thomas trunk stuff I'm
not really being clips but um is there a
way to get on a patient such emails when
this specific podcast goes live
specifically this probably not won't try
we moved this back two hours to so we
shoot for we're gonna shoot for twelve
o'clock PST on to wednesday so yeah once
days that's what today's right yeah
every Wednesday yeah it's typically we
go live for this so yeah
any final shoutouts anything go for it
yeah good so once again y'all sorry that
I didn't submit any Clips this week this
is all like the popular all the popular
ones from the last row fails things I
will try to at least submit one clip of
my choice to it try you know try it to
try to like bring a little more my
flavor revenues what's particularly
popular I think that's like a cool
insight diversion tactic here to like
show you what's popular at versus like
what I find particularly intriguing so
look forward to that next week yeah
thank you all for watching again
I'm Triax the face of trihard I stream
on twitch TV / trihex I am on Twitter on
tracks as well try to Twitter on Triax
six-layer is very simple to find and
I'll be live here very shortly with the
after party where we can go into more
topics if you want to um thank you all
again destiny
maybe I like you a lot thank you for
having me on as always yeah thanks for
coming wait what's my homework because
uh what's your homework
I failed you I didn't watch class so I
didn't target theaters now probably so I
have to like what am I gonna do like I
got to do something you're like yeah
Elita battle angel comes out on the
Valentine's Day I'm probably to go see
that yeah oh yeah we should actually try
to do that so we can discuss like a
movie that could be it [ __ ] that could
be a part too actually
wait what is coming out soon is that
before is Aleta is that when it's
Valentine's Day is that before our next
show or no the 14th oh it's a yeah let
me see here what is a
let me see for you real quick here and
February we have lego movie - what men
want which is like when is the lego
movie tow coming out February 8th oh
[ __ ] you want to do that one actually I
already already saw a baby I had it out
of early spring in my hands
thank you second cool was it good was it
as good as the first one
no but it's still really really good
though like it because it lacks the
that's a really short take on that it
lacks the surprise
okay I'll watch it yeah watch it I will
watch it and then um anything we talked
about it yeah then we can talk about it
say awesome
that'll be what I'll do before next time
then okay awesome you guys should watch
it too so don't [ __ ] up okay if you guys
obviously know me I'm destiny
my two things I'm pimping for you today
is here is my merchandise store go buy
[ __ ] if you want to and then here is my
friend on Twitter he's a really cool guy
he tweets some pretty funny things
sometimes a lot of it is oddly relevant
to me follow that guy too and then this
is actually me on Twitter no time for
Instagram
sadly my Instagram is growing at a
decent rate and I don't care about it at
all but keep growing it in there you go
follow me
can't a man get this Meowth unbanned on
Twitter please yeah someday oh and then
here's the pairs of DTF I guess Twitter
mr. moon likes it when it has some
followers so that it looks more official
I guess but anyway yeah for the
merchandise it's destiny GG / shirt and
then on Twitter the name of the guy is
modal 7th MMO do em Oda L and then se ve
and th s and then on Instagram I'm just
destiny so thanks a lot for following us
I love you guys it's been fun I will
catch you guys next week with my good
friend trihex i'll see you guys on deep
yeah you know we know we should do we
make more than 4 we go wow if you ever
wanted to do a special where we actually
read YouTube comments cuz I'll also tell
you ok I've skimmed a couple of them
there are some I would love to actually
apply to the cuz they're like so
comically bad or stupid or funny or
funny because we're bad and stupid
mm-hmm not something everyone do or not
but like uh let me know if you read out
for that yeah I mean weren't we supposed
to do remember we said we were gonna do
at the end of the month like just a
giant Q&A one we did that one time right
oh yeah actually forgot about that yeah
what the head maybe if we can do with
YouTube comments I don't know maybe we
do like a section of it okay actually
there's like a special youtube comment
you want to reply to just like throw it
in this art chat box and we can just
remember i'ma doing at the start of the
episodes or whatever from now on yeah
okay okay we'll see I don't know let's
uh have to see about that I don't know
if I uh they're not that important it
just like in a segment I would feel
about feel cool for it but when I when I
single out is one time I feel like I
flip people gonna over read it as like
I'm being insecure or like that I get me
a certain way but there's just like
there's something there like really
really funny I'm like if I were plot is
here like no one's ever gonna see it now
because it's like you know it's a
YouTube car it's like one like you to
come up like zero up votes like buried
way down in there it's I was reading
about a curiosity but it's like if I if
I profile it am I in my in my
platforming like a thing not really
worth platforming or is it like is it
funny to be worthwhile do me that's kind
of the question I'm at right now so I'm
looking up to you Maya my my great white
hope to let me know whether or not it's
the
a good idea or not gotcha all right well
cool well we saw why did their by the
way yeah my great white yeah I
appreciate all right
else I'll catch you guys next week have
a good one guys peace out late
