hello everybody and welcome back to of
dice and Men how are you guys doing on
this fine Thursday afternoon I'm doing
great today quite but what episode is
this this is episode 2 oh okay mm-hmm
and before we get started we need to
acknowledge that Jeff and control
Robinson val-d'or
has passed away and will not cure with
us Steven you and I have I think knew
him personally better than the others
but he's been a player of mine for six
or seven years my first campaign was
with him my first step streamed campaign
on Twitch was like six years ago
2013 with JP and live in pink and Ryu
Zilla he's always been a staple of the
D&D world and of the eSports world I
think sort of intersect here quite
nicely
does anyone else have anything you want
to say about this yeah I mean obviously
I knew him I thought it was a really
funny guy I kind of regret that I didn't
roll him into a D&D campaign sooner but
yeah I mean oh man but yeah that's what
it was is pretty [ __ ] mm-hmm and Kay
Torino you have a solution for why
val-d'or is no longer with us so uh
inform us alright so well as we all know
val-d'or like to insert himself into
places where he didn't belong and you
know bailed or was a cheap man and he
kept pestering are our resident ruied
Toki for food which is quite rude and
Toki had enough Toki had enough she did
not want to be eaten by bailed or and so
Toki Toki did what anyone in this
position would do she she complained to
HR aka dev and um Daffy did what what
anyone in that position would do he had
to let Baldor go after costing
potentially costing them their their
newest mission and also harassing their
their druid Daffy saw no other solution
but to let him go
well I guess he departed after the end
of last quest and will pick up in the
next morning when you guys are hanging
out in your house in your office it is a
cold and rainy day here yeah what is the
plan we had talked about a plan we
talked about a plan yes so as many moons
ago quite boo yeah yeah I'm sorry okay
so I believe that the plan was that we
were going to UM we were gonna feed
information right well we were gonna
feed information to three different
people that we thought were involved
with this and from those three different
people we were going to see like if an
assassin showed up at which particular
room and then we would use that to try
to figure out who was mmm yes quite nets
came up with a an idea that was totally
original and he came up with 100% by
himself hmm yes I did actually thank you
but well let's take a look at the
Wrangler it's an inn here in town
probably the one best suited for your
needs so we have created a little map
here of a city block and this here is
the in there is an upstairs section to
it as well which I'll briefly show you
here we'll move that away so you can see
the ground floor which might be more
important meantime so this is the inn
how would you like to go about this you
know you're gonna need a room to put the
informant which rooms you want to put
them in can we our leader asks oh yeah
yeah um crew let's let's go over and set
out our game plan okay let's let's go
over it yes oh my god yes nevets
okay
I all of my notes for this because I
write down stuff are on my laptop guys
every plate last I'm gonna run over
there just like transfer them to my
computer click okay give me like two
seconds one second I'm so sick of
methods so you know today he made fun of
my hair no no no I don't think this
establishment will run with two people
[Music]
it's okay that's okay I think your hair
is really really cute
me everything this character because if
so I want you smile okay so and then
make Jerry character really old she also
has white hair by the way so stupid
Daffy is in the ladies of all shapes and
sizes know and I'll be cool it's been a
while since I young whippersnappers such
as yourself
David save us this is what happened the
dwarf is flirting with the old man
advice versa
no the young man is flirting with the
old dwarf and vice versa very okay okay
okay our plan our plan our plan here's
the in right you got this upstairs where
there are some small private rooms and
there's only one way up and down that
staircase or you've got the ground floor
which has a you know a wider assortment
of rooms in various somewhat more public
locations and I don't know what you guys
have in mind clearly this room is
off-limits that's the bartenders room so
I wanted to go over our plan like in
detail yes because we wanted to we
wanted to plant this in for
Meishan everywhere right but did we
figure out who we wanted to do you have
a couple suspects mm-hmm yeah even has
them written down but he's gone again
okay so I guess we're just gonna wait
for him to come back but I'll do a quick
recap of the plan okay all right the
plan there are a few suspects who could
have orchestrated the murder at black
pawn mine who could have killed the
nobleman who is running it Lord
silver horn who could have killed the
guards and all the miners as they were
crammed into that room so you're gonna
take your suspects and each of your
different suspects you're gonna tell a
slightly different piece of information
but it should lead all of them back here
to this tavern I believe where you're
going to tell them that a lone survivor
has come back with key evidence a
witness to the crime and that they will
be able to recount this experience you
know the day after hopefully to draw an
assassin or a murderer or the person who
killed everyone at black pawn mine out
here themselves so that way you can
catch them in the act of trying to kill
someone related and you can catch them
in the cover-up so this was the only
person that this was blur is the murder
yeah okay so yeah so the idea was so we
suspected lord silver horns nephew I
believe right his nephew was at the mine
seemed unconcerned that his uncle died
so he is one of the suspects the she is
it the Chancellor nyla Thurmond also was
one of our suspects that maybe they were
involved somehow as well and he's the
person who gave us the contract directly
right mm-hmm yes okay so I believe that
these are the two people right now that
we are generally in contact with and
these are the two suspects we have
you had mentioned a third I know but I
don't know him
his mistress lady Sondra oh yeah oh that
we went and talked to lady Sondra was a
mistress oh that is correct
yeah okay
so the plan was what we're going to do
is we're going to run out three rooms of
a hotel we're going to tell each of
these three people that a we're gonna
tell each of these three people that we
found somebody that had made it back
from the mines alive who said they had
important information we're going to
tell each of them a different room and
then what we're gonna do is we're gonna
camp out at the hotel assuming that one
of these three people is heavily
invested enough in keeping this covered
up that they'll send an assassin to kill
the person and then whichever room the
person goes into will let us know who
got the piece of information that the
person was still alive and Cynthia SACEM
does that make sense
mmm yes quite very a very good plan now
that's very glad I hired you
very good jolly good proud of you son
thanks I mean that's what I'm here for
so which three rooms of this in do you
want to use as bait is there an upstairs
to this there isn't upstairs
show me the upstairs I mean we get us
use the three upstairs rooms yeah wait
okay hmm once we know for sure how are
we going to translate that into proof
well I figure once we have figured out
who the assassin is after then the three
of us merely have to capture and
interrogate him and then figure out who
sent him we will capture and interrogate
him now I have I have one one fault to
your plan nevets we have no muscle and
our main suspect might be a little hard
to hold down what no one I mean yeah
yeah we probably would probably be fine
but uh would would it be received well
if we were to capture and interrogate
a the nephew of a wealthy wealthy Lord
Lord who just died being familiar with
this situation I am quite confident that
any of the suspects that we've
identified here won't be showing up
firsthand to kill this man they'll be
sending an assassin so whoever we
capture probably won't be world he
probably won't be directly connected
with any of these people if we run out
the entire top room over the end I'm
sure we'll have plenty of space to
ourself a nice and quiet manner rent out
we thought with what money I'm sure we
could scrounge together enough to run
out a couple rooms in a shabby n okay
all right I like it I like it that's
let's uh go on with the plan sounds good
do we have do we have rope that might be
useful you do if you take a look in the
journal which is gonna be the second tab
and the the top right side looks like a
folded over newspaper you'll see a
traveling party in there and if you open
up that up that is the shared gear that
you all have back at your office as well
as the highest stats of the party and
the highest skill checks of the party so
if we need to do some sort of like the
party means to make X or Y skill check
we can just roll it for the whole party
at once using whoever's highest at that
is so cool wait for what I'm second you
spent one more time I've got a traveling
party sheet for you guys which
represents the storage gear at the house
as well as everyone's stats so if we
want to do like we're gonna do an
investigation check you automatically
have like the highest or something yeah
we'll just use like the whole party
investigates and we'll just roll with
the highest person's investigation
jackal it the pros strength is - yes Oh
dead or gone mmm
we made a sacrifice for you Toki okay
we'll get we'll get more muscles okay
well we'll go work out really quick yeah
you'll need some reinforcements at some
point all right so which which room do
you want to assign to which person um
why don't we do
hmm does it matter
not really right am I um where are the
stairs the stairs are in the middle
there right there okay and okay so I
guess we can just use the the three the
three smaller ones right that'll be fine
these three smaller ones are the three
singles let's use the okay it would make
no sense for us to run out the three
smaller ones and have all those be the
decoy and then we'll also rent out the
fourth larger one where the three of us
will be awaiting the assassin to see
which room he breaks into okay genius I
like it okay you could head on down to
the innkeeper yeah you tell them that
you need a wrench the four rooms
upstairs and the innkeeper will charge
you five silver per room per night
sounds good we'll only need these for a
single night so that's twenty seven
twenty silver someone has that in cash
on them I believe okay what all right
pay out the twenty silver now in the
next step of the plan informing the
suspects how are you gonna do that hmm
so I think that when we talk to these
people it's probably pretty essential
that we make sure that they don't tell
each other
which rooms they've been told I don't
know if you have any ideas for how to
ensure that doesn't happen if two of
these people happen to be working with
one another and they communicate with
each other that they're each told a
separate room might have a problem well
give them a note it's actually
absolutely imperative you don't share
this information of course but if
they're working in collusion with one of
these people do you think they'll heat
our warnings how do we make them listen
well okay wait who are the who are the
suspects we're telling the the nephew
who I don't think will tell anybody else
I think the nephew would keep it to
himself because since he is our prime
suspect he'll probably just work to
cover it up as soon
possible and not tell anyone I think
that one's fine um we can still slip him
a note because wait who's our third
suspect the the girlfriend the three
suspects our lady Sandra who is the
mistress of the deceased owner
we have Drake Cal Drake silver horn his
nephew and then niala third and the
Chancellor okay the Chancellor is the
only one I fear telling people because
he he is harder to hmm
well I suppose actually we don't really
seriously suspect the Chancellor very
much do we we could always talk to him
in person and tell him that uh Matt it's
very it's very important that this
doesn't get out because the and the
people are suspects yeah
because because it could the information
could get out two suspects and we want
to we want to make sure we want to make
sure things keep on the down-low and
then we can tell the the mistress that
uh her life will be at risk if she lets
it out and then she won't say anything I
don't think either way has to be based
on trust I don't see how else we can
prevent them from telling each other
well the only way to do it would be to
separate them such that they can't
communicate with one another between us
telling them and an assassin showing up
in the room I don't know if it's
possible to accomplish this though
neither do I that's that's why I'm
asking you
we could try to find out what they're
doing tonight and maybe maybe before ooh
what if we we find out what they're
doing tonight right wait how long do you
think it would take for them to set on
us mm um well I imagine if we told them
that we were on our way to interrogate
the person if we give them a time that
we'll be there then whatever is house
and they send would have to show up
before we get there I imagine because
their goal would be to prevent us from
figuring out what exactly is going on so
if we tell them that we're headed over
and we plan to be there by 8:00
on do we say like Monday Tuesday
Wednesday is that exists in this world
yeah okay if we tell them that we plan
to be there at maybe 9 p.m. on a Friday
night I'm sure that the assassin will be
there before then so but what if we tell
them the night of because the people
that we're dealing with right they will
they will work they will hustle ass
right to cover up their own their asses
right so I think if if we and the way we
can ensure they don't tell anyone is by
telling them the night of visiting them
personally and telling them that and
then saying we're on our way to go here
right now so that as soon as we leave
they will hire an assassin and meet us
there hmm
that actually seems like it would work
if we tell them that we're headed to
there immediately then they would have
no choice but to contract an assassin
and send them immediately as well they
wouldn't have time to can consortin a
partner they have either way we're
interrogating the assassin right yeah
we'll probably ask some questions
although whichever room he goes to is
already going to yield almost all the
information we'll need to solve this
case true I agree so good in that case
perhaps it would be best if all three of
us went to each of these people
individually told them at the same time
and then immediately headed to the inn
in the other town I agree I think two of
us should go and one of us should wait
at the inn just in case because we can't
all tell them we can't tell them all at
the same time so we should have someone
waiting there just in case because we
don't know how long it'll take them to
get an assassin and they could have one
right at the ready so someone should be
there waiting our best fighter how do we
tell how do we inform all three of these
people simultaneously then since we're
you're short a party member due to our
HR quibbles weekend we couldn't even
know I guess leaving a note I like
Toki's idea a hire messenger player a
street person they would do for cheap
but why hire a messenger when we can
send a note for free or deliver we can
all go individually actually this
actually makes actually Toki actually a
great idea what we could do is we could
three separate people to simultaneously
leave messages to each of these three
people telling them that we've taken
leave immediately and that we're on our
way to that town to begin an
interrogation now we have them deliver
these notes when we're already in the
town so any assassin that's sent to any
room will be able to intercept
immediately without running the risk of
missing anybody
and hopefully we caused enough of a
fervor and a need to act immediately in
the people that we contact that they
won't have time to construct with their
partners to confirm if the information
is true or not
brilliant nevets I would give you a
raise if I could afford it let's let's
be on them go believe I'm due for a
raise before another let's focus on the
task at hand okay so then the plan is we
want to pay three separate messengers
coypu I imagine as a courier service or
something to leave a note holy yeah
super all right a message hold on
so the message would be like greetings
we have been informed that there is an
injured an injured member of the mining
workforce that managed wait that turned
up alive but injured at what at the
Wrangler and what city is this the
Wrangler is in chronic the same town
that you're in today is the third of
Thursday the third 15-12
okay so tomorrow night do you want to
have these go out then oh yeah that
would be fine oh then I didn't pay for
them so bad my pocket yeah it's okay no
more HR complaints please Toki we're
fine no what what are the names of like
the hospital people like in this
or like who would it be with what kind
of person would it be like a healer or
would it be some sort of doctor or you
will have doctors for small cuts and
scrapes for broken bones for infections
that sort of thing you will have clerics
of Martha the goddess of healing for
like open wounds and that sort of injury
under sister Rossi so we have the
northwest northeast and southeast rooms
where the stairs out on this upstairs
place quaver how do you get up here oh
not stairs yeah
Hey look for the stairs Stephen how well
candidates write read and write I would
imagine as a rose you probably would
happen to know how to read and write
correct to communicate with people
through notes or letters it would be a
sneaky business or something
I would imagine Kant is a spoken
language what was your personal
background your lower-class character
right and the paper over I was a fool
yeah actually I found the lost types of
King Arthur in the forest and I studied
for the things you're writing what are
you what are you in writing uh Toki Toki
we would allow you to write but you're
too old and your hands are too shaky
you'll know they'll never be able to
read Lisa okay wait so normally I I
would I would agree but like it feels
really weird that like like the big
investigator would like not be able to
read is that possible would that work
your danger literacy at some point in
time okay I gave you lessons in the pass
definitely rather be a literate listen
my characters backstory would make sense
that he could read them right okay so
don't thank you that's what I do all day
all right
cool
okay yeah I'm sending each of you the
copy of the letter and I'll send it to
you I go I think actually no I want you
guys tell me if there's anything that I
should change and then I'll yeah hold on
all right I will I will read it aloud as
the leader and greetings we have been
informed that there is an injured member
of the mining workforce that turned up
alive but injured at the Wrangler we are
headed there immediately to ask him some
questions concerning what happened we've
asked the local clerics to keep
everything very quiet so as not to hurt
anyone in the area about his presence
we've been informed that he is staying
in the northwest of Sandra no Nayla
servant good one room on the top floor
we'll be there in a couple hours to
interrogate him jolly good jolly good
nevets a very good very good note bully
indeed I okay do you want this Piper
yeah give it to me okay so there's gonna
be one change in the bracketed part
right so the northwest room is gonna be
written in sight on the note going to
Sandra the north-eastern will be written
on the note 2 silver horn the
south-eastern will be written in the
note to nail it turban yep got it and
then you guys you're gonna give this to
a group of messengers and then
immediately reconvene at the end correct
well tell them to deliver all of these
simultaneously at 7:00 p.m. all right
you're not getting your gold wait how
much are these uh couriers
a courier hold on let me look at my
economics sheet here we are we a
strategically chose the the cheapest yet
most efficient courier by the way we we
did a lot of research on which barriers
in town are the best good okay for their
price you know we want to bang for our
buck right right right
another just a buck free experiment
messenger intra-city ten copper per hour
someone silver to deliver a message
so three silver 10 copper one silver to
deliver one message so three silver
right between alright okay alright so
the trap is going to be delayed i today
is thursday did you want to execute this
plan on friday or do you want to execute
it tonight do it tonight wait are we
doing it tonight I thought we doing it
tomorrow I guess whatever tonight works
sure sure can I ask a question
mm-hmm what how do ball bearings work
various time device like if I wanted to
could I start a fight off like throwing
ball bearings at someone to get like
disadvantage because they have to light
or did have to make like a save to not
fall over or great question cuz they're
like only half the like travelers kits
and stuff in this game so I'm not sure
if there's like or if we're supposed to
be engineers and assemble something with
them no seems like a weird thing ball
bearings as an action you can spill
these tiny metal balls from their pouch
to cover an area to cover a level area
ten feet square so a ten feet square is
not actually a very large area I think
maybe they mean ten feet on a side so a
10 by 10 square across the area must
succeed on a dexterity check or fall
prone or they can move at half speed
through the area to prevent the them
falling
whoa they're slippery slippies
fascinating these ball bearings okay I
was just karaoke also doesn't bear any
balls she's passing are we ready to go
Bridal Sonny oh okay we're uh we're a
set up in position what time is it give
us a time booth the Sun is going down
okay and since there's not really big
clock anywhere I think you guys use like
sundown hour after sundown your
approximate time periods
gotcha have invented trains so we don't
have precise time yet have an inventive
ride trains yeah we don't really get
like precise time until trains train so
I created or time cuz you need to know
when the train was gonna come through
the station so then you got to unify the
time throughout the entire area because
everyone had to agree on what time the
train came didn't like you say these are
some old Greek dude like set up like a
sundial clock thing or something before
yeah but like you know not everyone's
clocks are synchronized okay you know my
clock says it's 1:00 and your clock says
it's 1:30 because that [ __ ] is hard to
set up the train shows up and you're 15
minutes late and you missed the train
another one doesn't come for another
week or so all right I know what our
next missions gonna be it's gonna be two
synchronized time across the land put
all right we're gonna dude that would
put us on the map mm-hmm all right
you're here in the tavern eight
downstairs you can hear the the party
going you know it's just a regular
everyday a verno was there nobody has
any of the wiser you can hear the
muffled chats of people the clanging of
dishes the occasional minstrel that
sparks up a tune ol need to be booed
down by the people here who just want a
nice quiet night on this rainy day and
the Sun begins to set remember wait
remember do not leave this room until we
hear him open another
or if we spring out on him just as he's
come up the stairs then this entire plan
was for naught
do you understand hatred eyes until I
understood the plan the first time okay
in all three of them how reasonable
would it be to have acquired wigs if we
wanted to
okay can up for all three of these rooms
could the beds have been stuffed with
like pillows underneath the covers okay
cool
so that if he walks in and attacks like
a bed like because they think someone's
there it's a pretty easy way to tell
who's trying to kill somebody
okay okay so it looks like someone's
sleeping yeah classic mom in the bed
yeah all right so you're waiting here do
you hear footsteps on the stairs at one
point and then they get about half way
and then they come back down and you can
hear some shouting relating to that Sun
Goes Down a little bit more time passes
when there's another set of flattering
on the the stairs the door at the top of
the staircase opens and shuts fairly
quietly and the sounds get real dim can
I get someone to roll a perception check
off of the party sheet yes wait should
we have access to this separately yes I
would like one roll for the party to see
if you can what you can hear but we
didn't agree on can we got away on a
seven I was a test roll that was a test
roll for sure okay what is that like an
at one or two yeah it's not three twice
written not great so the footsteps stop
oh my god what's the door shuts at the
top of the staircase and you've been
sitting here for a while you can you've
got pretty good hearing so anyone on the
other side of the door that you can't
hear is either not moving or they're
moving very slowly and carefully
where are we waiting right now we're
inside the room these doors should be
sufficiently this is not like a 400
million-dollar hotel or something
so these doors should be sufficiently
creaky like if one was open there's no
way that these things are so well oiled
that we can write a space wait why do
the doors are look I want to say okay
why doesn't our rogue try to hide in the
shadows and wait for someone to come
because we're not going to jeopardize
our entire plan by me being spotted at
the top of the stairs it's too high of a
risk but what if we miss them well it's
a little bit late now for that okay so
it's quiet on the other side there's not
much in the way of light it's just what
little moon light comes in from the
outside and we're approaching the new
moon so the amount of moonlight is
actually quite dim here when there is a
very gentle creak at the floorboards
right in front of your door what what
are you guys doing remain absolutely
quiet
well we're quiet I'm I'm fearing for my
life now and then the the creak glutes
up and vanishes for a little while and a
minute or so passes when you hear the
gentle creak of a door
very slowly opening these aren't great
doors but you have your ears pressed to
yours or maybe your ears pressed to the
bottom where the door doesn't quite hit
the ground and you can hear a bit of a
[Music]
someone opening the door
here's a joke okay that's out of
character people talk us through it
quite but what's going on do you hear a
door creak open and then silence is it
ours this is our door no our daughters
not your door it's a door wait are we
are we are we in the room that we sent
to the know we're in the southwestt room
nobody should come in here for any
reason he was outside listening to our
room maybe to see if any was here right
okay okay after he opens that door I
would like to roll the clock forward by
like 20 seconds okay you wait 20 seconds
and then nothing else has heard or
anything
nope okay bust down the door and run out
where are they all right you bust down
the door and there's somebody on the
right side okay a regular old looking
person who immediately sort of like
takes a step back knows whoops sorry
wrong room excuse me I think I've had a
little bit too much to drink tonight
is he armed think this is my room over
here it looks like a regular old person
he's got like a nice hat with a feather
in his cap there's a dagger at his side
and he's got a purse tingling in his
other side does he's kind of wobbling
back and forth yeah he looks a little
maybe can I smell alcohol on his breath
I don't have to perception check that
one it should be very obvious if he's
that drunk you don't smell alcohol
coming off of him but maybe he's a
really careful drinker he actually might
be I would like to attack him roll for
initiative roll 45 got a big initiative
there yeah I'm not your slave I'm an
employee okay all right you go first
methods the rest of the party you should
also roll into initiative because nevets
is is making plays okay okay Brow's
think it's a great it's been way too
oh do I get it I must get an advantage
on this of course this is he was not
ready for me to be attack he and his
weapons not even drawn I will give him a
surprise check which is a flat 30%
chance to be surprised to be surprised
to be completely taken by surprise oh
wow
because if this is actually an assassin
and you're jumping out he's gonna be
kind of prepared right oh so are you
giving him a 30% chance or a 70% chance
so he's ready for you not surprised okay
that's good I wouldn't expect them to be
okay also I will right now I will
declare non lethal damage I don't want
to do two damage and his head goes
flying because he's an old civilian or
something so we are undeclared not
lethal okay great so I believe I don't
think I can sneak attack then right oh
no wait I can I know I can what's the
thing do it wait I know I can I know I
get the sneak attack once per turn
against somebody for some reason even if
I don't normally get it it's been so
long
that's my attack well a 24 definitely
hit obviously I'm sorry do I have to
roll for damage now is that do they
change yeah you hope for damage yeah
yeah click on the rape here 12 piercing
damage as you non-lethal eu8 how do you
non-lethal 'i do 12 damage with a dagger
to somebody describe it to me cuz that's
a solid blow it brings him down all your
most of the way um how do you non-lethal
II deal 12 damage to someone well as a
rogue who is probably quite adept at
assassinating people I'm sure there are
spots of the body that you could stab
that would be quite painful that
wouldn't necessarily kill somebody
so this is probably not a stab to the
head or the chest or the neck but it
might be a cut along an arm or the torso
or it may be the outer part of the leg
or something like that that might
incapacitate a person but not
necessarily cause so much blood loss
that they will die
got it there is a flexor joint here in
the hip and if you hit the right spot
you can cut through an artery there
which will make someone bleed out but if
you hit in the wrong spot you're just
gonna like sever some tendons and some
muscles and it's gonna bleed nasty but
you're not actually gonna die for it so
I think that's where you go I think you
get a dagger in the hip flexor right
away from all the important arteries and
the person drops to one knee with shock
and surprise on his face and what the
hell is he gonna do now because he just
got shanked
hmm it is our innocent merchant or
would-be assassins turn and the party he
throws himself to the ground and tries
to scramble back into the wall this way
you taking a disengage action and throws
up his hands sake mercy mercy no don't
who are you and what wait come here can
we talk to him
yeah okay I want it honestly who are you
and why are you here as she does this I
close the door to the top of the stairs
okay okay I'm a man do you feel
comfortable asking these questions does
death you know worse for a while why
don't we treat him now and give him a
little bit of tea you know maybe he'll
be more susceptible into answering my
questions if we treat him nice the
classic good cop/bad cop all right let's
take him into the let's take him into
our room yeah all right so you bring him
down into the room that you were in and
the three of you followed as you're
bringing him in there the door at the
top of the staircase opens and Bronson
the proprietor here the innkeeper pokes
his head in got side and goes excuse me
I heard some shouting is everything okay
going on I would like to go stairs yeah
I would like to go outside and outside
of the room and talk
- and and say Bronson Bronson no problem
we're just having we're just having fun
in here you know hanging out nothing's
nothing's wrong no problem at all thank
you for checking up on us all right and
he turns round dad heads back downstairs
believing your story I want to go back
in the room and interrogate stupid idiot
head and then make him some tea I wanna
make him some tea you can go downstairs
and order some tea but there is no stove
in this room all right be right back
can we can I begin to rummage through
his possessions to see to go make our
potential assassin tea so looking for
anything out of the ordinary obviously
some amount of gold or a note or
something like that instead of going
straight to searching him perhaps we
should we should ask him questions first
we can ask some questions but I'm not
sure if he'll talk but I believe that is
creeping behavior earlier kind of
informed us what was going on here what
were you doing here so uh what's your
name
your so you're asking him these
questions as nevets goes through his
possessions you find a bag filled with
gold on it that's gonna be a each bag
contain about 50 coins so you better
find a bag of 50 gold on this guy while
well dark daffy interrogating I just was
Johannes my money I was just drunk and
found the wrong room nope what's going
on what have you been drinking do you
know Jim gin definitely did lots of gin
yeah gin
oh yeah Jim's pretty potent don't you
think he looks awkwardly between you and
nevets who think you can judge fifty
gold by about the weight in fact this
bag is quite full what do you what are
you doing once you've got the bag of
money nevets um I set the bag of money
on the table it's pretty obvious have
you been drinking this much I don't
think you'd be wandering around upstairs
on a totally dark part of the in the bag
of this much gold seems quite ill
advised I'm pretty sure if we were to go
downstairs and talk to the bartender he
probably wouldn't remember serving you
as much as you claim to a drink as well
maybe you should just tell us what
you're doing here we can let you
walk away from with your life Tina Reno
can you give me an insight checked yes
my own on my own sheet uh you can use
your own to this one please what again
what are you okay so yeah I don't I
don't know
you can read the fear on his face he's
beginning to sweat and it's not from the
injury and it's not from the adrenaline
it's the the nervousness that's kind of
coming down him but he's not betraying
any other information with this physical
mana mannerisms here taken upstairs with
cup of tea
are we still interrogating him we are
Toki would you like some tea sir what
did you say your name was
Darrin hi Darrin so good to meet you so
do you work for it Darrin who's that new
here who who are you all we're not
you're not asking the questions you're
doing well your friends Darrin here have
this cup of tea relax everything's going
to be okay horses no no it's not we just
need some information that's all then
we'll let you go scot free to your
family really Darrin's
yeah we don't care who you are we carry
you're working for okay now talk why are
you here
he looks visibly distressed and hesitant
to say anything he takes the tea smells
it and and sips at it a little bit well
princess it's just tea peppermint tea
it's really good with peppermint tea is
very soon mm-hm very soothing he looks
back over at never
[Music]
nice but the bloody dagger and looks
back at you guys
now it's what is your since you're the
one with the weapon the one that hurt
him what is your demeanor showing well
my demeanor is is I'm gonna lift my
dagger and I'm gonna tell him wow if
we've really attacked an innocent man
for no reason perhaps it's best to just
kill him if your reports us to the
authorities will be any huge amount of
trouble you don't have anything
important to tell us and probably be
best to kill you now and dispose of your
body people will miss me if I'm gone you
can't do that around you in like this
I'm sure people disappear all of the
time it'll just be written off as
another random act I work for for
important people you know they'll come
looking for me if I'm gone
clearly not too important if you're in a
shabby in like this they would have put
you up in a nicer place listen listen my
friends are a little bloodthirsty rest
assured we have no intention of harming
you any further we just need some
information that's all for the good of
everyone else you're sure what sort of
information could you tell us the real
reason why you're sneaking up in here
and don't lie to me it's a private
matter for a family I I work for we
understand it's a private matter but
it's not so private because what you've
been you've been doing tonight might
affect some innocent people's lives and
you're gonna want them hurt which no
certainly I I was just asked to to look
in on a cousin of mine
showing up here in the end tonight yes a
cousin of mine can we roll a perception
or insider whatever however we can
detect lying well we are we don't need
they even roll for this that's wait so
can we does not roll you cannot roll you
can make you don't have to ever do any
my cousin he was supposed to be here I I
thought he someone said the the left
room maybe they meant jebediah hmm took
you a little bit to come up with his
name didn't you well we just called him
Jeb yeah tell me joke then because I'm
nervous
very nervous do you have a family Darrin
I like my cousin you should just be in
the other room up here your actual
family Darrin are there any people who
would miss you if you were I don't know
gone tonight great many people I have a
mother and a father and four sisters to
keep let them know of your death if we
don't get the right information Darrin
isn't it I was supposed to come and
check in on my cousin Jeb and and make
sure that he got here safe and sound
wait wait a Jeb say he was going
the Wrangler in yes I thought he's on
the left but he must have set upstairs
on the right you know don't tell you
what if I were to tell you Darrin that
we rented out every single room on the
top floor then what then where would you
be staying guys can I get another cup of
that then that tea
no more tea Jeb answer our questions cut
the [ __ ] he looks to the window
which is not like an open Abul window
it's just like glass panes stuck in the
wall to let some light in what way the
gears turning at his head so right now
we I'm just curious how's it work so
right now like we're I'm fairly we're
pretty certain he's lying if we rolled a
like a high insight check does that do
anything for us like you know that he's
lying then a high-end set check at best
it'll just you'll know that he's lying
if he is lying that won't change the
situation obviously
we do not need a role right yes so if we
roll low then well I would roll I can't
I can't low
I can't low roll we roll over and for
that temperature but koi boo if we were
to roll low though like would we have to
roleplay as our characters think he's
not lying
ah no I will if you roll low it'll be
you can't tell if he's lying okay then
let's roll so we can know for sure well
okay
you mean I need a check yeah roll it
somewhere off the party sheet or your
personal sheet I don't really care I got
it
I mean the PERT yeah obviously probably
uses your roll and he definitely looks
soon I don't need you to say this quite
boo I already know he's lying that why
you rolled for I rolled because you
wouldn't stop crying about it okay
looking over at um yeah so so looking at
definite okay I think the best thing to
do would be to kill this man and see who
comes looking for him and then we can
actually verify historias chair until he
starts talking either way works so what
do you prefer Darrin if something
happens to me my employer who's a night
here in town will definitely come come
looking for me and you'll get into no
end of trouble employer who is a knight
yes we know many nightstand he's a
retainer Knight to the Prince of
cronbach himself Oh what does he go by
what's his name you why don't you be so
inert okay so nervous is to share your
employers very interesting I'm a footman
in his employ that helps cards as a
state II and I got some special time off
today to go meet my cousin here in the
inn where we rented out all the rooms is
there a window is there a window is
there a window in this room there are
two windows but they do not open when
you say do not open could somebody
reasonably forced themselves through
these windows to jump out of the place
or you might be able to break them it
would require a strength check because
they're designed to be sturdy okay
okay can we step outside for a moment
and have a quick discussion we can
figure out what best to do with our
friend here
wait tie them up just in case I don't
think I'll be getting by all three of us
well he should be injured and we can
track him maybe no we wanted to talk
okay no but what drugs that make him
talk
well I don't think we need him to talk
anymore I think we've gathered about as
much information as someone like this
would have so I think well one more
would would silverpoint have told to
this man he's just an assassin he's not
gonna know anything important like I
don't want him to admit it I kind of
want the yeah well he told us who his
employer was he comes in with a bag of
gold with fifty gold pieces and he's
trying to stumble his way into the room
where we told him the informant was
sleeping so can I take the backup money
I have a spell called zone of truth I
know that guards against deception in a
15 foot radius sphere centered on the
point of your choice within range but I
don't think we need that here just
letting you know I think when we
eventually I think we'll need it later
and we should yeah possibly I don't
think we need any more information from
this man I will say though that it's
probably crucial that we take this man
immediately to the Chancellor and get
him to confess everything he's told us
right so think we should I think I think
we should wait to do that because I
think we should get more out of him
before what more information could we
possibly get out of this man why can't
we bring into the chanson use your zone
of your zone of truth so because in my
zone of truth a creature can't speak a
deliberate lie within the radius and the
effective creature is aware of the spell
and can avoid answering questions which
you would normally respond to lie yeah
but he's not gonna lie in front of the
Chancellor knowing that his life was
forfeit if he does but he know he knows
he came here to assassinate
yeah so we can offer him a deal we can
tell him that we promise that his life
will be spared if he comes with us to
the Chancellor and admits this here is
an uncomfortable truth that we have to
deal with if Cal Drake silver Horne
really sent this man here to assassinate
somebody and he finds out that we've
impeded that assassination I'm sure that
he'll do everything he can to kill the
three of us and I'm not reasonably
confident that the three of us can
survive the ire of a man like that so I
think it's vital for us to take this man
to the Chancellor as soon as possible so
that we can get Drake locked up or to
get some kind of official protections I
just I just think we haven't gotten
enough information out of him yet well I
don't know what information you possibly
think we could get out of him I mean all
we all he's admitted to is that he works
for it's over or now he works for silver
horn and he showed up in this very hotel
in the very room that we said an
informant was gonna be in with a bag of
50 gold it's quite obvious that he was
here to kill the man it's quite obvious
that silver Horne hired him to do it and
let's get a little perspective on this
one thing fifty gold is like wow that's
like a sane amount of money yeah yeah
walks around with five grand in their
pocket I dunno yeah we're gonna take
we're gonna pocket the gold by the way
I'll take us one of you add it to your
character Sheen who has added 50 goals
okay well I'm encumbered weight
encumbered is okay as long as it's not a
heavily incumbent break right sure
you'll just be moving at 20 instead of
25 yeah
okay but feelings shouldn't we make em
admit why what do we need to admit I
think the circumstantial evidence
overwhelming its I don't him admitting
it at this point does nothing for us
plus maybe we'll get him to admit it in
front of the Chancellor explain okay so
what are you gonna do with him while you
go to the Chancellor we need to find a
way to bring him with us
we have rope so we're gonna tie him up
and I think we can take him through the
town if he's our suspect if people
question us he's our suspect I don't
trust us reasonably leaving this town
it's a potala possible the silver horde
could have hired a second man to make
sure the first job was done and it's
entirely possible that we could be
intercepted on the way to the Chancellor
we need to find a way to transport him
from here to the Chancellor without
anybody knowing what's happening what if
we brought the Chancellor here mmm
actually that might be the best idea yes
there's a chance that someone might
check up here right yeah that's true but
maybe bringing the Chancellor to this
location might actually be our safest
bet yeah I think we are gonna bring the
Chancellor here that's what we're gonna
do so who's gonna go to bring the
Chancellor I mean I feel like I would be
the most reasonable went to sneak out
and find the Chancellor and alert him of
everything and then bring him here lives
in town you'll be there in 15 minutes if
you move quickly you'll have to come
back on try to try to make him come back
on horses try to convince him yeah it's
15 minutes I mean I imagine well it'll
be 15 minutes to the castle gate maybe
some [ __ ] getting into the castle
this late at night but you have people
nobody should be feasible okay um
while he's gone we're gonna tie up
Darren and so just just for safety
safety sake okay okay you will I know
the two of you gonna hang out in the
room with him yes
maybe maybe one of us can keep watch
outside can I um I would like to set up
it's reasonably dark in here correct yes
wait dark bomb before I leave and I
would have formed the other two I would
like to lay my ball bearings on the
right in front of this door so that if
somebody just opens the door and comes
walking in there's it in the dark there
should be like a reasonable chance they
should have to make a safe or something
to trip oh yeah there's no way what
about on the stairs so that we have a
little more time and we'll hear it well
know Jesus early right in front of it
stairs instead of the door no no no like
right in front of the stick LeBron in
front of the door at the top of the
stairs so that if somebody gets all the
way up opens the door and goes in then
they would fall and you'd have the
chance to yeah so you set up ball
bearings in this area in case anyone
into are these like one-time use things
can I reasonably you can recollect them
I got time and they don't let go visit
deployed for now then okay all right and
I informed them like listen I would
suggest at least one if you remain on
Lookout outside of the store okay
somebody else comes up the stairs I'll
be back in hopefully within the hour
with the chance learn and then we can
finish our investigation all right Toki
you stay in here I will stay on Lookout
am I staying with a hostage yep yep
right mm-hmm
oh nice you set up just keep him calm
maybe if you want to try to question
more go ahead
all right so Toki you staying inside the
hostage is gonna be plops on the bed
Daffy where do you want to go I wanna
wait outside
I'll just wait actually and then also do
you think
can I bring the bag of 50 gold with me
lilius well I have to ask her cuz her
characters what everybody why I think
it'd be good to show the chance through
this okay no that's okay
we're all gonna split the gold of course
well assuming we're even allowed to keep
this gold but yeah I imagine we'll split
whatever earnings we get here okay
you go go okay on wood all right so
nevets heads out to go find the
chancellor in the middle of the night um
I'm sorry real quick as we do is can I
take thirty gold from the bag itself and
just put that
my pocket so I have a bag of thirty gold
just okay you can go ahead and split it
into your own personal purse that's just
making sure okay go ahead you but he's
not gonna get out of it later don't
worry we'll get him okay
and nevets for the sake of clarity here
and to try and get us all thinking
critically about these things there are
two exits actually there's three exits
to the tavern yeah is it important to
you which exit you take I think I would
like to slip out of whichever exit lets
the fewest number of people see me leave
well they all eventually head to the see
the front street and you're gonna be
coming down the staircase right so
you'll be coming down here so you're
already gonna be in the common room oh
well in that case I'll just leave right
at the front I suppose it doesn't matter
yeah one day it will be important which
route you take and I want to get us
already thinking about movement patterns
as you couldn't go on the side kitchen
but for now you just head out the front
door and it's fine and you're gone
excellent maybe 10 minutes after nevets
leaves daph you see the door to the
staircase begin to open real quick you
have it set to the downstairs for you
for us I don't know if you see that yes
I will switch that but we should also
take our first break right here and come
back on the other side of her brain more
of Dyson men okay we'll be back in a few
minutes
hello everybody and welcome back to us
and Men someone is opening the door at
the top of the staircase and walking on
in death what are you doing
um I am standing I have a I have my my
your your beer and my dagger ready but I
don't have it out okay it's just in case
they enter the area of fair ball
bearings and have to make a dc-10
dexterity saving throw or fall Pro let's
roll it someone comes up the stairs
opens a door steps on through and
tumbles to the ground loud clattering
thud ooh and a quiet string person
let me bring us onto the board here
we're just gonna copy this guy's token
nice all right so this guy comes on in
hits the grace cousin falls pros what do
you do you got a moment to react what
does he look like what does he look like
what is really [ __ ] dark give me a
perception check to see because I'm
clicking on my character she is not
coming up I'm clicking almighty
character she stopped coming up
I'm clicking you're clicking I'm
clicking the button my character she
won't come one Oh your character shoot
it's already open somewhere look for a
slightly hidden thing somewhere as if
you do not see it found it there you go
I don't want to use your role yeah don't
use my roles ok
you're real [ __ ] if you're old economize
than yours
ok perception right yeah it's a baby
this looks like just some ordinary
random civilian they don't have any
obvious well [ __ ] with a 16 you can see
that they've got a dagger at their side
which isn't too out of character but
they don't have any armor they don't
have any of their larger weapons and
they don't really have much on them this
person is now thrown in this sea of ball
bearings what it what is their initial
reaction
to being wrong oh [ __ ]
if you want to wait any longer than that
then I can see which one of you gets to
act first I'm trying to give you like a
I hit the ground what I want to uh I
guess I guess I'll just take anyway
daddy I want to see my dagger and I want
to ask if he's okay
at the same time glad I said those ball
bearings up yeah I think I'm fine
oh god what the hell did I trip on what
are you doing here what are you doing
here
we put those ball bearings on the ground
I did we rented out this uh this floor
and I don't want anyone coming up here
who are you what business you have here
he looks at you attack Rosa so attack
you alright give me an initiative roll
[Music]
his original rule turn you get a nine I
go first you go first nine point one
five eight six what do you do
I would like to attack with my dagger
that I have out in my hand well move
yourself into attack range where you
gonna get out okay I want to run over
and I want to freaking I wanna stab him
you stab him I want to stab make me a
dexterity saving throw dexterity saving
throw oh you're lucky you do not slip on
the ball bearings that are all this way
scattered around you I knew I had I had
this role in mind the entire time
all right give me a role to hit um okay
all right we're giving a role to hit
what do youse are oh I just watched a
dress press dagger that's it and then
you definitely hit him click the dagger
for damage in the area where you were
the roles show up there's like it says
dad there you go
five piercings sheets it's non-lethal by
the way all right
yeah yep and he turns around to stab you
right back he rolls a 9th at this point
Lily yeah and [ __ ] I hear the commotion
you hear the commotion okay what are you
doing I'm gonna peek my head out and see
that Daffy is in combat with this person
and can I just like hey Deb he need help
sure why don't you roll yourself into
the initiative roll by clicking on your
token and clicking on the initiative
button perfect
uh no no Toki keep an eye on the captor
I will be fine your turn again death
okay I want to stab non-lethal stab him
okay Oh baby
another beautiful hit roll me some
damage that's a four piece of damage
damage the wounded man tries to back
down the staircase running into Ronson
who is coming up from the bottom side
while wounded and bleeding he's going to
jump his way past Bronson and I make for
the door you can on your turn
dub he goes free stuff right so you went
you stabbed him he withdrew and then
went 5 10 15 20 25 30 out to the door
and then it's Toki's turn but Toki
you're just chilling and watching him
Bronson comes around I'm gonna wait on
that real quick so he took a disengage
action you just didn't know everything I
got wait my turn I want to close the
door okay and then lock myself in this
room with girls tied up hostage yes tied
up hostage you can see him with his eyes
closed even in the dim light shaking his
head side to side
Bronson gets to the top of the stairs
and goes what the hell's going on up
here sounds like people are fightin and
what what the [ __ ] happening I'm gonna
I'm gonna run past Bronson and leave
Toki to deal with him great why don't
you make me another dexterity saving
throw for running through the square
with the old ball bearings he didn't
have to make one away he didn't have to
move through a he's moved out of it
you try and push past Bronson and fall
flat on your face in front of him caught
by your own trap you can get to your
feet but it takes half your movement so
you can get back to your feet I'm on my
feet are you still chasing despite your
people I am chasing and as I chase I am
what is this spell hold on wait why
can't I look at this Bell okay okay I
didn't cat I just want to Oh Frick what
is sleep sleep can I make him sleep
could I do that
it will target the people with the
lowest HP first so you can like throw it
down the staircase and just hope that
he's within range which he probably will
be and then he has the lowest HP of
everyone here so 23 all right before you
do it I do want to mention that casting
spells in the general population is
usually heavily frowned upon if you're
not hurting people it's sort of okay but
you know just like throwing spells
around and tap you know it's like coming
downstairs and taking shots at criminals
while you're in a crowded restaurant
it's maybe not the greatest and safest
of ideas but you can do it let me roll a
tweet in that investigation it's fine
I'll deal with the press later three
three five five these people all have
terrible HP the two six plus six plus
five four all right there is a 50%
chance that the guy you're targeting is
gonna get hit with the spell or not
because he and one other person have six
HP and they're both gonna meant to out
so I need you to roll me ad 100 you want
to roll low 50 or less on addy 100 to
hit the guy you want to hit because
everybody else had way lower HP okay do
it how do i /r 100
Wandy 100 you ask why believe me they
slash our space 1d 100 there you go no
you put everybody except for him at the
tavern to sleep
but you put these five people to sleep
instead of him okay yep hunson actually
that was - turn this guy bolts and he
will disappear you can't see him anymore
Toki is inside watching this guy Bronson
after you get to your feet and you cast
spells he's just gonna throw a punch at
you cuz you're this weird person in his
tavern throwing spells around he rolls a
13 which will kiss you - for four points
of damage temporary damage it'll heal
quickly but you know punch in your face
alright I don't want to fight back I
wanna I want to put my hands up and say
Bronson Bronson I could explain listen I
run a detective agent way he knows that
right I don't know did you tell him yes
we did we did tell Matt you were Bronson
I run we were under investigation this
whole time I'm so sorry we had to use
your bar for our investigation practice
but this is very important business and
that man was an assassin hired to come
kill me and my colleagues so I'm very
apologetic for putting your patrons to
sleep and for using magic in your bar
but I hope I can trust you and trust
your judgement in this situation and we
tried our I would use
we tried we we we have to we had to it's
a nice fumbling awkward give me a
persuasion pick its he gonna buy your
story swayed these people to come work
for you hmm Oh easily
he's like I get it I'm sorry I didn't
mean to are you okay yes thank you so
much I appreciate it
I have to go upstairs and check on my my
colleague thank you so much he heads
downstairs it starts rustling sleeping
patrons awake and apologizing profusely
to them for what happened you can make
it back into the room with Toki whoever
this person is is gone now jeez so let's
flip over to the other side of the party
that is nevets who shows up at the
castle in town keep at the center of
town you find the guards there watching
the keep and as you approach they
immediately kind of throw their hand up
there and be like look it's late keep
his clothes come back in the morning
whatever it is wait I approached the
garden in my soft-spoken half lengthways
um I must request an audience with
Chancellor Neela Thurman it is an
essential matter if you tell them Who I
am
I'm sure he'll take audience with me why
would she want to see you what's going
on unfortunately I can't discuss these
matters but you can inform her that I'm
here and she can make a decision for
whether or not she'd like to see me that
gets their attention say they usually
people come with blustering and bravado
and here you are calm and collected and
cool and insistent but you know
collected about it and one of the guards
makes like okay sure and they bring you
inside the courtyard and leave you in
like a little waiting room where the two
guards can see you and send off a third
person
and maybe 10 minutes later nine of
Thurman comes out she's already like
semi changed into her nighttime clothes
but she like tosses on her a traveling
cloak over it and when it comes out to
see you looking concern I've got your
message
how did the interrogation go did we find
out who the killer was
assassins the murderers it okay I don't
know would I be able to glean you know
how if you catch a kid that he did
something bad and he comes in and like
like let's say you go into the bathroom
and it's like everything is [ __ ] up
and he comes in he's like oh wow did you
figure out what happened is there a way
that I could like like tease out that
emotional kind of response from them or
yes I check or something or that would
be an inside check but I'd like to have
some sort of a roleplay on top of it to
justify it so what do you not I mean
yeah I guess I guess I'm just kind of
like um like I'm trying to see like if a
person comes out or like oh like I'm
very interested you find out who the
murderer was I'm very interested in this
or like Oh like did they say anything
like I guess is like kind of like the
the intonation that I'm looking at okay
you're looking for the way she says her
words yeah basically like this she
seemed like very interested that we
figure out who it was or does she seem
like a bit concerned or worried that we
might have figured out who it was
good question give me that insight check
you're not sure wait what about a sense
a little way maybe um [ __ ] you're not
sure hold on hold on if I if I roll it
what if I rolled a 12 like so I have
something called ear for de-seed when
you choose this archetype at third level
you develop atella for picking out lies
whenever you make an insect check to
determine whether creatures lying treat
a role of 7 or lower on the d20 as an
eighth meaning my role would have been
an 8 and then my proficiency would have
been a plus 4 which would give me a yeah
so with a 12 you can get some genuine
curiosity mm-hmm
maybe she's just really good at lying
though she'll have like a default like
her hat her deception score so you you
would have beaten if she'd rolled 12 or
less on her deception then she's telling
the oh god dude I'm starting to say I
haven't I'm struggling to find the
worries just tell me why she'll tell me
if she's lying you are 12 out of 20
confident that she is telling the truth
okay okay sure no actually I believe
that my comrades are arriving at the inn
right now they're about to begin the
interrogation but I just realized that
depending on the answers we come up with
it might make the most sense for you to
be there for this interrogation I think
you're right would you like to escort me
or way I don't know how you travel
through the city normally but yeah would
you like to come to the end and we can
have she turns to the guard assembled
guards and snaps her fingers a few times
FM and they they know that means go grab
some more bodyguards mm-hmm a few
minutes later she has a small retinue of
four bodyguards to escort the two of you
back to the tavern that you arrived back
at wait
okay as as she does this as she does
this
I removed the bag of gold from my fruit
from my pouch and and then I kind of
like toss it I don't know if there's a
good table whatever Reisch or whatever
like this is thirty gold that we pulled
off of an assassin that showed up the
hotel make sure that whichever body guys
you choose you choose wisely because
there might be somebody on the inside
that's very interested in making sure we
don't uncover who was responsible for
these murders said you were on your way
to interrogate them what do you mean
assassins I can explain what when we get
to the end but I would very much
appreciate it if you would come with us
for this interrogation I think it's very
important that you're there for this she
nods and does a double take on the
guards to judge their trustworthiness
but takes them along anyway okay all
right you arrived at the estate
nothing stayed you arrived at the inn
you can make your way right back
upstairs through the the lutely the part
of the downstairs dining hall bronson
gives you a nod and comes over to you as
you walk in with the Chancellor to hand
kind of on your shoulders you're walking
past it goes could you tell your
spellcaster upstairs to keep it in her
pan as pants he's asking me this yeah
yeah of course yeah I'm very sorry for
any trouble caused if the Chancellor a
deep wait did she keep that thirty gold
that I tossed or did I just show it -
you pocketed okay that's fine all right
my guy we're subtracting 30 gold for my
shape okay you arrived at the top of the
staircase with the Chancellor - uh-huh
okay I mean I imagine we're here yeah I
would tell her like um so we have an
attempted assassin in this back room I
think you'll be very interested to hear
some of the things that he has to say
wait
yes you were back in the room huh wait
do we coop nope yeah can I
sure well I mean at the very least and I
when I would go stairs I would check
because I plug them there right so right
but it looks like Daffy has since clean
them off okay good job zone you you come
on in no more one else trips over the
ball bearings a cunning trap that works
too well perhaps the bodyguards stand
outside as Nina their van is here with
you guys and as I walk in and
immediately my first question would be
did anything happen while I was gone yep
but that's not important right now we
can run it later
when you say not important right now
what happened did somebody else show up
another assassin came yes but he ran
away he fled interesting okay yes the
Chancellor's in here it's dark in this
room she sees the guy she sees you three
it's like so this is the survivor then
not quite yeah we were waiting here and
he came to us I'm sure you got our
letter perhaps to explain there wasn't
actually a survivor but this was more an
elaborate ruse that we set up to see if
we could tease out an assassin from
somebody that was interested in
obscuring our ability to perform this
investigation we thought that if a
survivor had made it out of the mines
perhaps somebody that was interested in
covering this up would have sent an
assassin to kill this person not to be
too deceptive but we fed different
information to you and the two other
people that we informed of this and we
think we might have narrowed it down to
who a possible suspect could be based on
where this assassin arrived
and he went to the room that we sent we
sent a letter to mr. silver horn and he
went to the room that a silver horn was
directed to we believe that that in
combination with a 30 gol that I gave
you earlier and I kind of like sideways
like I might to people as I say 30 gold
believe that in accordance are in
combination with a 30 gold we gave
earlier points pretty clearly to the
idea that this man was paid off to
assassinate the person in the room that
we told killed he would be in and he
this this assassin assassin here
admitted to being hired by silver Morton
himself she looks over at him looks at
the three of you goes you sent me a
letter as well does that mean I was one
of your suspects unfortunately you were
but we believe that as long as you don't
kill us now we can quite safely rule you
out and I assume you'll you will you
will understand that we have to be as
thorough as possible Chancellor our
apologies no offense taken the prince
will be pleased that you were so
thorough and vigilant well said although
I will say that if there was a second
assassin that showed up here either
Drake was being very careful to cover
his tracks or lady Sandra might also be
a suspect as well I did not see where
the other second assassin was going sure
she pokes her head out the door and
asked us for one of the guards to bring
her some lights if she can see this guy
guard heads downstairs comes back with a
lit lantern and shines the light into
the eyes of the guy sitting on the bed
and lady thera-band nods her head and
goes yes I know this man he is one of
the bodyguards at quel silver horns
personal estate
remember your name though what's your
name boy she calls a hymn and and she
looks to the three of you seems like you
found our would-be murderer then Lord
silver quell silver horn kills his own
uncle we do believe that to be true we
don't know that completely but we do
know that he has a vested interest in
covering it up so it's quite possible he
could be working with somebody else that
was interested in having him killed as
well we are not 100% sure but I would
say 80% we just have not gone a
confession or solid proof but we have
enough to infer what we do know that
whatever regard sorry : Syed toki we
don't know how many years of life you
have left in you you should speak as
much as you can now rounds 1200 okay
okay perhaps it's best if you don't talk
then so whatever wherever we go for our
investigation here we're quite confident
the next step will take us to Drake
silver horn we wanted to inform you of
this immediately because we know that
Drake silver horn has quite a bit of
influence and obviously investigating
him is going to put our own lives in
danger so we thought we would come with
this information to you to see what you
might suggest our next course of action
vehicle well if the second man was an
assassin from Drake silver horn then
he's probably on his way now to report
what's happened I think we must act
quickly what do you recommend I think
that well based on the information we
have and the confession of our assassin
here I believe we have enough enough
evidence to arrest mr. silver right
would you agree Chancellor
she looks to the three of you and looks
at the guy on the bed one more time
shining light directly in his eyes makes
insight and nods her head and says yes
the only concern right now is the only
thing we know about Drake silver Horne
is that he's trying to obstruct our
investigation we don't know if he's the
one that had his uncle killed at the
mine the second assassin is very
worrying we don't know if it came from
Drake or if it might have come from our
third suspect either way he should be
taken into custody to prevent him
escaping or causing any more damage
absolutely and we can round out further
investigations I will have the castle
guard arrest him and um I would request
that you keep it as quiet as possible so
that we can further run our
investigation investigation and make
sure there are not two suspects we
should look up actually if I might
suggest he could have been the one to do
it
could you make that actually maybe that
arrest should be as loud as possible
we'll head to the estate of our third
suspect and we'll see if when they catch
word of it they try to leave town which
would pretty much confirm that they were
the one that sent the second assassin as
well done okay she leaves and you guys
can do whatever she leaves it takes this
guy to jail with it right she's gonna
throw this prisoner in the dungeons
okay can we so we're we're going to head
to Lady Sandra's estate so you guys said
there was a second assassin we don't
know if it came from Drake or a third
party she is our only third suspect yes
what we're just I'm just talking I don't
care but I'm just saying I don't think
so they would have killed us but wait
why would she have killed us when were
suspecting someone else openly why would
somebody are okay they should probably
be in character guys I don't believe
that the Chancellor I don't believe that
the Chancellor would be so ardently
pursuing the truth here if they were
involved in the cover-up seems much more
likely that she would have either had me
killed at the castle and then sent
somebody to kill the two of you or she
would have killed all three of us in
this room here and ended the
investigation now
I don't think we could get this close to
uncovering the truth of a grand
conspiracy and have one of the
conspirators involved supporting us
theater at the same time she could have
sure maybe she wouldn't have come with
you but she definitely would have gone
along the eagerly with us accusing
someone else possibly but Drake is
because Drake is a highborn man with so
much to lose do you really think Drake
will take the fall here without
implicating her and some type of grand
or conspiracy we'll see I just don't
think that that's a wise risk for
somebody in her position to take I feel
as though she would have easily killed
the three of us and buried this also
keep in mind that this entire
investigation only began at her behest
if it weren't for her this investigation
wouldn't have happened in the first
place it seems strange that she would
spend so many resources investigating
something that she was involved in
without being eager to cover it up why
wouldn't she have a have spent all of
her resources like a chancellor should
to avoid as much suspicion as possible I
mean I believe she would but I don't
think the way to do that would be to
hire a team of investigators such as
ourselves and then give us resources and
locking up co-conspirators okay I think
art right now I believe I think that we
should head to Saunders estate and when
word of Drake getting arrested comes out
we should see if she flees the city
because if she does then she was the one
that sent that other assassin and she's
probably worried that the investigation
is closing in on her I agree nevets but
I would like to remind you that I am the
leader here and I make a decision of
course this is only a suggestion for me
outlook play okay let's go do you agree
Toki um yeah sure yeah sure all right so
you're gonna go right now to lay the
Sandra's estate in the middle of the
night okay you arrived at the estate it
is late there are no lights on anywhere
to the door and give it a solid knock no
no we don't want to we don't we just
want to watch yeah we're just watching
oh wait so you never to watch from the
back watch if there go look for any
other exit maybe she might escape from
the back or another part of the house
and tokey and I will stay here okay
solid plan let's talk about her estate
her estate is Lord silver horns estate
and it's quite a big thing it's like a
large mansion it's maybe I don't know
six hundred feet across the mansion
itself is only like 150 hundred seventy
feet long but there's like a big garden
that goes all the way around it as well
so we're talking like a nice big estate
that does mean that there will be a few
entrances so you're just gonna be
separated when you're watching them okay
how long are you gonna watch the whole
night how would we expect information to
reasonably travel so Wizards can't
communicate telepathically we want to
know that we expect a wizard of that
level to be at a place like this
unlikely also it could travel by I guess
like some sort of messenger bird a
carrier pigeon or a crow or by horseback
right yeah usually a message is gonna be
delivered by hand
birds are kind of useful for long
distances not really great for like
within the town itself sort of messages
magic messaging is difficult and
expensive you need like the right wizard
and a right spot to do it okay so
reasonably we would expect somebody to
come to this estate to deliver a message
of Kell Drake's arrest yes okay so
that's probably the main thing that
we're looking out for them
is to see if some sort of third-party
messenger arrives sure said the part
your party is going to stick together in
one group and watch the front door are
you gonna split up so you're not near
each other and watch every exit that you
entrance that you can find well I
imagine there should be one central path
to take that where a messenger would be
coming from that's the path that I would
like to watch and then whichever to
these guys do they
what do you the other there is a front
entrance and a back entrance to misstate
so - Toki where do you want to be i
watch the friend you are back guys do
you guys have Louis at all the two of
you who do either of you fellows do any
of you have a spell that could take out
a horse if they try to leave immediately
I have a I have a poison spell you have
a poison spell I have a robe I can lasso
to hold my risk unless what I'm pretty
sure if you were to loss of the hose
would just drag you unless your weighs
700 pounds or something and if you weigh
that much I'm gonna have to ask you
where you got the money for all the food
from because we've been starving every
night okay yeah all right I guess we're
just waiting then right you guys wait
and you spend the majority of the night
watching the house no messengers come or
go then in the middle of the night like
it's gotta be like near the hour of
sunrise you hear screams coming from
within the house it's great like do it
like the scream of one lady the screams
of multiple guards do I hear swords
clanging do we hear it sounds like the
the screams of a small group of men
it sort of may know from inside the
building there are panicked screams for
about you know a minute and then it goes
flying again I would like to enter wake
is a front door locked I just
well I bring you to a map of the estate
where did it where did you go Steve we
were I was just watching the road to see
if a messenger would arrive so as we're
headed here we need to be very careful
and consider what could be happening
right now
to the house what no no we're I'm
assuming the three of us are together
traveling towards a house it right now
if you're gonna do right we need to
consider the fact that this could be
some sort of internal betrayal that an
assassin could already be inside the
house or could have snuck into the house
without us knowing
wait what am i metagaming we just heard
screams from beside the house we're
watching the outside nobody's going to
use that wait what didn't you say that
aren't we separated right now and are
you saying this before like on them no I
assume that we all hear this and were
all headed back to the house together
right watching the front door
everyone said they're watching the front
door no one said they were cokie was
watching the back and i was with you
there was some miscommunication here I
thought I did I not say nice metagaming
Cato okay well the fact is we are all
together as a team should be need to
make some slight adjustments okay maybe
it did wasn't hurt but I said Toki
should watch the back and I should watch
the front in them as much oh when you
said I get the friend I thought that I
encompassed me too for some reason haha
oh you was nevus is that what you
thought okay I'm in the front you get
the back in the nevets that he's gonna
watch the road in character you did tell
Toki to go to the back was she didn't
hear so she just packed along you and
you didn't notice because she smiled
[Music]
problem okay so we're all together and
it's really cute yes it is a large
estate you start down here at the bottom
of it do you guys not see anything as
you see black you know what why don't we
do that you should see something now
right no I see black refresh your cache
it's roll20 has been having a tough week
and confused my music Foley here we go
see something now yeah pretty you guys
are starting on
bottom of the estate my Jesus
where are the tokens
I will give you token like I was I
thought I was at the front door the
front of the estate is you know the door
is beyond the gates right yeah yeah so
let's put you guys at the outside gate
the gate is presently locked
you could probably hop the wall if you
wanted to oh yeah oh I see
oh yeah for sure yeah we'll jump the
gate all right you guys scramble up and
over the gate and make your way to the
front of the house make my way up Brent
what do you do at the front of the house
um check the door see if it's locked and
there's right yeah yeah yeah oh yeah of
course it is all right now that's Keeney
lockpick are you gonna lock picking
I mean of course I'm a thief I'm gonna
give it a shot go ahead alright nevets
this is a taking a look at this door
it's a good lock it's not some common
crappy ass lock you're gonna need at
least a 15 on your slide of hand checks
to open this door I mean of course I
believe in you know this is why I hired
you
oh wow you definitely picked the lock
and enter into the front of the house
you mean right you wanna turn on into
this big courtyard you've been here
before
you know where things are you talk to
lady Sondra here in the courtyard last
time you would know that her bedroom is
in the West Wing of the house but you're
pretty sure you heard this cries coming
from the East Wing of the house I mean
it sounds as though there's a conflict
in here I don't know whose side we
should take but we should probably try
to gather more information about who's
fighting who
but we need act swiftly following you
deft coming down coming down the stairs
on the right side as you as you move
that direction there are three young men
who come running through the hallway and
then stop dead in their tracks point at
you go and turn around and run back the
other direction what the [ __ ] okay let's
follow them I guess wait with these
guards soldiers what do they look like
just they looks like people in their
pajamas young men in their pajamas oh oh
the mistress was sleeping what if the
cries weren't the pain I don't think
three people would come running out if
they were all in it taking part of a
giant orgy I don't know maybe they don't
want to get caught you never know maybe
maybe in your wise old age you have more
experience of the orgies than I oh yes
okay oh my pee Ken I guess that down
this hall do we see anything
sure you you saw them bolt this way and
then take a hook of left down this hall
and then they got lost out of your view
okay Daffy lead the way I'm leading the
way and I'm following them and I want to
say nevets if you see anything look
around to see if you see anyone else in
this area like as we looking around to
see if I see anyone else right as we
head into this room real quick can we
take a moment to peek into each room to
make sure there are no bodies or people
sure it looks like all of these rooms
are empty all right continue on you find
the three men assembled in the kitchen
clutching one of them's clutching a
butcher knife one of them's cut
clutching a chef's knife the others got
a large frying pan and they're all
holding them up terrified okay I want to
put my hands up and say hey whoa what's
going on here what's we come in peace
are you real I think you're real you yes
what's wrong oh there was something
there I don't know something came out of
the walls uh go check for ladies on
zenefits
um if there's stuff coming out of the
walls I don't know how safe I feel being
in this estate right now well we need to
find lady sounds that we have to make
sure she's safe so sorry buddy your
safety comes second what let's go find
her yes sir all right yeah I'm gonna go
on my own are you gonna are we go going
let's all go
but I wanna uh wait someone should see
the man right
I mean these people aren't important to
us are they yeah but wait I guess they
seem genuine right what hear this
conversation you're having and you can
see sort of like an embarrassment and
shame on their faces these random people
that are in their house and they don't
really know why you're here but you guys
are already thinking like first of
helping the other people and their wait
wait who are you what are you doing here
doctor but what are you doing we are we
are investigating the death of lady
Sansa's late
husband for lack of a silver horn yes
where is she
she should be in her room okay let's
let's all head up to the room
we'll wait where's her right to where we
know her room is do we know yes actually
you probably don't know where her
bedroom is they will lead you to in the
bedroom she is in West Wing in the house
so if we will move you guys oh cars came
in from there yeah so as you're walking
with them one of the boys starts talking
to these guys in their 20s maybe late
night one of them the guy speaking is
late 19 yeah his name is Ozzie he says
we were we were just sleeping and then
and then the script then something came
out of the wall a dark black shape and
just it moved through it and and started
looking at us and and we just bolted
okay and as you make it to this
staircase over here they will take you
up on to the second floor and that's
where you run into lady Sansa
saundra sorry Andra yes this is where
you run into fighting soft-top yeah
honey
Oh roll20 Thanks doesn't matter we don't
need the mat for this purpose you a
linear way up stairs you run into lady
Sandra who's coming down with her Butler
and a few of the other servants and they
are looking about bewildered she sees
the three of you and the three footmen
and says what what is the meaning of
this intrusion at this hour of the night
and with screams Ossie Thomas explain
yourselves they start babbling about
seeing things coming through the walls
and she rolls her eyes and then looks to
the three of you and what are you doing
here good job ladies Sandra
well we were we were taking watch
outside of your estate to make sure you
were safe tonight for we believe we have
found the killer of your husband and we
believe so we do not want to give out
any names we do not want to reveal
anything yet but we wanted to ensure
your safety because we do not know if
the man has fled where he is fleeing to
don't be ridiculous
tell me his name coming out speak what
has a cat got your tongue we believe it
to be his nephew lady Sondra
she stumbles back in shock her mouth
goes a gape a little sideways just
shakes his head can I roll in sight to
see if her shock is genuine
yes please do okay wait I'll do this for
lies because I'm I got a perk for this
we'll just do traveling party okay sure
yeah yeah you're all here together you
can share each other's reactions and
communicate with looks and stuff 16 yeah
she is shocked like genuine she'd have
to be a really really good liar - okay
but great I mean he did arrive he was
here asking for money and wanted to know
where where where Lord silver horn
wasn't oh yes I'm sorry my lady but I
assume we are we're attempting to arrest
him the Chancellor is on her way to to
his place of residency as we speak and
we wanted to keep an eye on you to
ensure your safety again so um we do not
have solid evidence yet but we are 80%
sure that we have the correct suspect
she looks over to the boys and goes and
what is this nonsense
this seems to be unrelated and the boy
I start once again I was like oh there
was a ghost I swear it was coming
through the walls right at us and she
shakes her head and goes really boys are
you trying to frighten the maids she
like looks over today the handmaidens
who have shown up and like peering
around corners get a grip of yourselves
saundra looks back at you guys and goes
well then I I must go see Drake Oh Mike
if I speak to him face-to-face I'll know
if it's the truth or not
okay I mean we could we accompany her to
the dungeon I guess cuz all of us sure
the big reveal at the end hopefully she
takes you guys and you all head over
back to the castle the guards recognize
you from before you're let in and down
in the dungeons are tell Drake silver
horn his footman his soldier who broke
into the in there is a another soldier
here as well who's in the jail and there
is the Prince of Kron wick and Nina
thier van the Chancellor and Lady Sandra
and the three of you and everyone
gathered around cells that Drake is in
okay I kind of whisper to my party
perhaps it's best we don't reveal too
much about what we know and we see how
the conversation before us unfolds lady
Sandra walks up to the the gate and
immediately starts asking him questions
Drake did you do it did you really kill
your uncle and he looks to her to all of
everyone assembled and realizes he has
been caught and gives a short nod of his
head why why and he just shakes his head
and says kind of mutters something to
himself under his breath lady Sandra
breaks down into tears crying Prince
Kron wick comes over to the three of you
mmm thank you thank you so much our
pleasure
thank you for for trusting us with the
work the job mm-hmm he shuffles the
three of you down the hallway a little
bit one of his bodyguards tails along
and says to you I appreciate the quick
work you've done it's only been three
days since I've hired you and you've
already solved the case it is a deep
shame that it has come to this a man
murdering his own family do you have any
idea why he might have done it we
believe he did it
because he was broke and he knew his
uncle and his very profitable mine was
the only way that he could make money
Greene learned from Lady Sandra that uh
she borrowed lots and lots of money from
his uncle C well what would you
recommend be the punishment for a man
who's committed 50 murders for money
is a noble and has been a loyal retainer
and guardian of our realm for his whole
life
many many years even second chances that
is the question isn't it um this
wouldn't be considered per second I have
character like what are the general
punishments like punishment by death I
assume is pretty common right so can you
like go through what kind of punishments
are kind yeah certainly you could have
anything from murder death execution you
could do imprisonment you could do
imprisonment with hard labor you could
do like public floggings or whippings or
like Jones of atonement did in the
public like that but then you would
probably be freed right after that so
maybe not in this situation you could
just let him off with a warning
did I already say exile you could exile
him as well you could just banish him
from
land and never come back and what is a
usually Nobles would probably not get
much more than like a slap on the wrist
in that case for a familiar sight this
is like an execution where they 100% I
don't even know what he's asking us
killed like you killed a family member a
noble family member like yeah an even
higher yeah mom okay I want to say mmm I
think execution is the only public
execution is the only the only option he
looks to Lily what she looks he looks at
you to see what your response is to
daffy statement about public execution
me I am quiet and pensive and deep
thought because I consider all eyes
secret I am vegan after all in this
world but he did take a lot of lives
surely a quandary yes I'm looking up in
the distance I'm not meeting as eye
contact right now okay he takes a glance
at nevets I don't believe we're here to
do a lot of punishment only to solve a
crime the punishment is whatever you
deem worthy not well I agree with you
all I believe we will see him executed
mmm
scheduled it for next week let's some
others Nobles from other towns assemble
an event like this should be public with
many people viewing to keep others from
thinking that they can get away with
murder and theft well you're all
dismissed
I will have a servant bring you your
reward in the month morning thank you
very much we greatly appreciate it one
final question if we were trying to
figure out maybe wrapping up a couple
loose ends about what might have
happened at the mines cuz there are
still a few questions we had would it be
possible for us to ask Drake a few more
questions can we get the urgently
all right thank you he'll lead you right
back over to where Drake is in the dumps
no not right now just in the future in
case we have any future questions before
the execution total sure okay you'll
have a week sure thank you thank you all
right and you guys leave and you can
head home and spend the rest of your
night resting comfortably in your house
yeah and this will wrap up the first
case that you have the massacre at black
Paul mine Wow wait as we get back to the
air as we get back inside the place I
reach into my pocket and I say to the
party members unfortunately when I
informed the Chancellor that the
assassin had been paid in gold she
demanded to keep it from me so I was
forced to turn over all 30 gold pieces
to her and then I put the 20 gold on the
table for us to split can I give him a
hug like I'm really sure somebody hug is
like wait why am i half linked to right
so what I'm pretty refer to my character
she in game not in real life
all right so let's get you some
experience points and everything wait
how do we deal out how are you gonna
duel out the twenty gold among three
people well one person will keep eight
the other two will keep seven so okay
nevets I think you deserve you wow
thanks I'm subtracting a 12 gold wait
what if I'm keeping eight and I have 20
way isn't it six and seven
yeah I'm sorry shake seven yeah my bad
okay I'm subtracting 12 goal for my
character sheet that okay mm-hmm perfect
and we get six I'm gonna buy myself two
new clothes all right let's dole out
some experience and some other trinkets
here you will also get um
so it'd be six seven eight right
because six and six is 12 and on seven
is nineteen yeah wait but since no it
can't be six seven and eight it would be
seven seven six
okay hold on listen I don't know why but
I have 21 gold on my character sheet so
I'm just gonna subtract 14 and I'll give
me H of u7 okay there okay so each of
you add seven golden here - [ __ ] I can't
believe that this probably most
difficult thanks I guess but that's okay
you people can take seven oh I'm not
here for the money I'm here for the
intellectual challenge okay as long as
my brain grows I don't care if my wallet
grows all right for today's quests I'm
gonna tally up all the experience and
then divide it between the three of you
guys so for this this storyline this
case completing Nets you a thousand
experience you also successfully traps
your assailants with they're not trapped
but tricked your assailant into
revealing who they are so that's worth
another 250 experience you did defeat
the one guy in combat but he's kind of a
chump so that's only worth another 50
experience see what other things
happened here what else did you guys do
that was interesting or creative or
experience worthy that the trap we'd
advised that was a good trap the ball
bearings yeah okay I meant like the
overall like sending the letters to
everybody and then getting them to go to
both we kept watch of the lady just in
case she was covering your bases making
sure that there wasn't a third person
that is worth another 250 experience
while did I gave tea instead of pulling
out his nails we successfully got him to
admit who he was we successfully
questioned him mm-hmm yep that's part of
the grand solution here
Lili Pichu you also gave him tea and
then like threatened to burn him or
something you have between like good cop
and psychotic cop so I'll have to change
listen yeah
well we don't finesse your good-cop
bad-cop it I mean there's an art to good
her is definitely a bad cop a good cop
and a medium cop for sure you bought
mounted lions and you fought kobolds
those encounters yeah let me find
mountain lion and cold experience for
you guys right now and give that to you
we flirted with Lady Sandra I did you
did flirt with lady Sandra that is
perfect nxp sure won't give Ted extra XP
for that cool you and you defeated the
two mountain lions
[Music]
all right so divide this between our
three characters everybody take home 750
experience points oh that should bring
you all should have started with 900 so
we'd be out 16 15 yeah yeehaw okay but I
don't know if we're done with this yet
okay none of the music seems pretty
select celebratory yeah well we have
decisions to make about our party so Cal
Drake is obviously a very wealthy man if
you could throw 50 go at some random
schlub wait how much gold are we getting
the next morning is like a reward 100
100 gold so 30 so that's thirty three to
two of us and 34 to one of us so I'll
take the great what to pay for a rent no
he they wanted to pay you eight
thousands copper okay so let's talk in
copper let's not use gol Stoppers the
default eight you're getting ten
thousand copper mm-hmm yeah originally
you guys had they wanted to give you
8,000 US for 12,000 who settle on 10,000
your rent is 20,000 so in the register
you said we needed 12,000 a month to
live
I didn't actually write down these
negotiations some notes on this give me
my finances yes your monthly expenses
are twelve thousand do you erect and you
have just gained plus one ten thousand
then we have the 30 gold the thirty gold
which is three hundred
I'm sorry three thousand copper nice and
then yeah isn't it so we made more we
made profit this month boys and girls
well wait hold on so we got 100 gold for
winning this yes okay maybe what the
extra gold week hire a new person to
join our group
baby oh ok so anyway just as a things to
consider firstly we could head back to
that mine and maybe clean out a few
things
maybe yeah if there are some things
there secondly ok so now of course I'm
not suggesting we do this necessarily
but maybe see how you guys feel about it
it's obvious that Cal Drake Drake is a
very wealthy man if he could throw 50
gold at a random person to go and kill
somebody maybe it's worth talking to him
that jail cell and see if there's any
kind of deal he might want to work out
exchange for his life sure we could
become very wealthy people if we wanted
to go that road now that carries a lot
of risk with it as well but let me check
my character so yes I will go with I was
well this is a we would have to talk at
length about this because obviously this
would change a lot if we got caught
hmm well okay I mean instead we'd this
guy's not a welcome and his uncle is and
his wife is going to get all of the
money so there's nothing to get out of
this guy pretty much okay it's a fair
point he might not have much gold left
to his I am sure we should though at the
very least go back and talk to him to
amateur that he sent that second
assassin it's still something that is
making me a little bit nervous but yeah
okay let's go yeah yeah when you head
back that second guard that was in the
dungeons the second person was the other
guy who fought with DAF and then got
away okay oh and he was somebody was
there he sent two people want to do the
job one two looks like mystery solved
yeah Wow good job we unveiled this
missing Aperol first murder mystery that
was so fun
I love mystery campaign Wow okay do you
have before we go on coz the next
mystery the next case is ready to go
we'll take a break and we'll start the
next case but did you have any other
questions or any other things that you
wanted any feedback anything you wanted
to know anything you want to discuss
with each other about how the case ran
are operated wait I'm sorry
I joined out so I'm not sure if we I did
we asked the guy if he says the second
assassin yeah okay again my spell slots
back yeah a rest between this session
and the next and you will have had a
long rest if you get your spell songs
back but in between now and then what
else is going on but what else do you
guys need to know what else do we need
to know
you mean did you want to know anything
like what I'm asking for like now that
the case is closed
were there any spoilers that you guys
wanted any clues that you wanted access
to is there anything you wanted what was
the significance of the
was like the one pool of blood would
like the big sword or whatever what was
the significance of that one person
fighting out there ah cool so let's take
a look at the mine and we can talk about
how it all went down yeah go over to the
mine oops wanna go to the outside of
mine so this is how the murder went down
Cal Drake silver horn goes to his
uncle's estate to ask for money and his
uncle's not there he's at the mine which
is what lady Sandra says and Cal Drake
is for a long time now been waiting for
an opportunity to kill this guy and
inherit everything cuz he stands to
inherit so now that he knows he's at the
mine he gets on a horse and heads out
that night to the mine this music is way
too happy for so he heads out to the
mine arrives see Cal Drake's over hoar
leaves chromic in the morning telling
his wife and household staff that he's
going to whaler's bay a different town
to pick up a package with the intent of
returning that evening he leaves through
the northern gate of the town goes round
the city and arrives at the mines the
late afternoon so he like leaves through
the north and like circles back and
heads to the mine in the south Drake
then tells lord silver horn that
whaler's bay has been attacked and asked
us to gather all of the the miners the
smelters the guards and even the cooks
into an area where he can talk to them
all and like tell them what's going on
and bring this like dramatic news about
an enemy invading and so although them
to start to gather and while they do he
goes to talk to the guards who were
asleep because guards have to be on
shift 24 hours a day so there's someone
sleeping in the middle of the day
slits throat of the guards who are
asleep on his way back to the mine runs
into the night who has like come out to
find out where he was the night smells
are seized the blood on him the two of
them engage into a fight kills the new
young knight circles around to the
watchtower and calls down to the guards
because you know now there are sounds of
combat or something that the guards can
hear up in that watchtower because
that's pretty near the building the
guards come on down
Drake kills the two guards right there
quickly usually because he's a pretty
good fighter he's a level 5 Knight these
are just level 0 guards then heads to
the inside of the mine where everybody
has been gathered to hear this dramatic
news and that will bring us to this
screen and he has everyone gathered here
in this in the room where all the
bloodshed happens right he gathers them
all there has the mayor put their picks
away and everything first so he can talk
to them and then as his uncle is
introducing him being like gathered so
fellow gathered miners this is my like
nephew Drake silver Hornets would drink
runs his uncle threw in the back and
starts to hack everyone else to bits to
get rid of all the witnesses and to make
it look like something else happened and
in this tight confined space there's all
these miners but they don't have any
weapons and the people in the front are
pushing away from the guy with the sword
and pushing into the sea people in the
back and this fantastic great fighter is
able to just sort of cut down these
crappy you know they're they're strong
men because they're miners but only the
people in the front can really see
what's happening in every behind
everyone behind him is getting squished
between them and the rocks and he makes
short work of the entire group he does
get wounded his armor was broken and if
you had investigated like hell Drake and
then what he had been doing around town
or maybe spied on him you would have
seen that he had a doctor attending to
his wounds and he had to send his armor
to get repaired from the injury hisses
he sustained from this battle and that
is sort of how it went down he then
returns like after slaughtering
everybody goes right back on towards the
back to chronic gets led in through the
gates in the early morning on the South
Gate so if you had investigated you
could have seen that he left through the
north and then arrived through the South
that next night awkwardly with maybe a
bit of an injury and that is how it went
down
I am human by himself yeah why didn't he
just kill his uncle somehow why did he
have to kill every single person at the
- I'm like it made him witnesses cuz if
he just kills his uncle it makes it look
like the uncle was murdered and then
this so the investigation is on who
killed the uncle if he kills everyone at
the mind the investigation becomes what
happened well he kills everybody at the
mind why not at least like steal all the
[ __ ] so that people don't cuz he's going
to inherit the mine and so he just wants
all the [ __ ] to be there so he can just
pick up and continue operations
seamlessly okay he murders 49 people to
cover up the murder of one person it
seems pretty dumb master I don't know
okay I think sounds smart
Steve oh well clearly and I'm smart
enough have we solved it so you weren't
supposed to do that okay cool
sounds good cool alright there is going
to be the next quest the next job which
is coming your way is there anything you
want to have done in the background
before the next quest comes up refresh
our spells yeah I mean we'll probably
just do a long rest I don't know if
there's anything of a particular note
worthiness that we can buy I don't think
you need anything well Sam was telling
my agile items I mean it no no oh wait
you said these lamps at the place you
said the lamps at these place were on
forever whatever these magical lamps
yeah sounds like a good way to save
costs at the base take them back light
up the a headquarters with them don't
have to buy with snag some lanterns
while the mine is closed
yep and I want to see a reduction in our
monthly costs because we don't have to
buy oil anymore for our lanterns you
just don't usually have lights on at
night you just go to sleep when it gets
dark and you wake up when it gets light
again well we're stuff done yeah then
this is an extension of our working
hours should increase our productivity
oh we can't we can sell we can sell most
of them and then keep a few sure if you
would like to have bought or two stolen
some of those I will if you want to do
that we can't just wave
and waybut will have to roll for
encounters because you do have to travel
over the dangerous open plains and we
can see if you guys get trouble that way
all right let me make some encounter
checks here it is a one-day journey
there one day journey back so chance of
encounters place so counter all the way
there
how many lanterns do you want to steal
I'm gonna can we carry how many can we
carry yeah I think you can reasonably
carry for lanterns each to allow them to
come very obvious when you walk in
through the gates that you're carrying
twelve lanterns I don't know if that
matters to if you care if people see you
walking in with Lantern cool question
though so just where just will apply and
rabbit can I carry more you can carry
less I'm in a rabbit be able to carry
more than how big do you think rabbits
are no I turn into a bigger rapid way
can she turn into a kangaroo and I put
it in a pouch bukey human hands are
better at carrying things than animal
hands you will always be able to carry
more as a human like a saddle sort of
thing what you like oh yeah yeah
strapping it on to myself how many take
a you don't think the giant rabbit
carrying lanterns is gonna provoke more
questions than the three people what are
the questions where'd you get the
lanterns from you were out and we did
she turn into like a donkey or a horse
and we could many many many things I can
only transform could be like Thai
lanterns to her with my rope and then
carry more and then get home faster
alright let's see how many lanterns here
you can steal one two three four five
six seven eight nine 10 11 12 13 14 15
16 17 there's probably one in storage
let's just call it 18 magic lantern yes
if you want go for like a piece probably
fifty gold each I'd say magic lantern is
actually exactly fifty gold really
gorgeous wait wait wait wait hold on
hold on hold on hold on hold on okay I
didn't know that these were so expensive
so if these are that expensive we can't
just walk into town having all of these
and then that lanterns the ability of
these to trade as cash is not always
going to be exact right you're not gonna
be able to just talk magic lanterns for
50 goals oh yeah we can wear because
there's gonna be a mine that's gonna
reopen soon that's gonna need some more
magical insurance Wow
you have the exact number of magic
lanterns we need Wow I wonder where you
go hey you know you can find a middleman
to do the transaction guy shows up wants
to sell the lanterns you really they're
gonna ask him where he got them from
that's insane
anybody could have stolen these lanterns
nobody's out here guarding the mine they
should have placed our next quest the
case of the missing lanterns listen the
criminal justice system isn't about what
happens about what you can prove
nobody saw us or move them from them
there we use a third party to unload it
we probably pay them some percentage of
the transaction maybe 10% even so that's
would you say 18 lanterns at 50 gold
each is 400 or 900 gold or something
team times 50 is 900 900 gold we caught
him on 5% of that would be a ha what is
that I don't know a tea or something or
yeah you're gonna give him 5 percent so
anyway that's a it's a 45 I'm sorry
those with 45 gold right okay all right
so well we would have to pay a metal man
oh so you're selling let's just get it
cleared here do you are going to gather
these lanterns from the mine while
nobody's there and take them home yes
you're gonna store them in your house
okay doo doo doo doo doo
let's see these are paper lanterns 1
foot radius
so 2 foot diameter paper lanterns they
do not collapse this so their stir just
like these big awkward globes so the
difficulty in carrying them is like put
you know not crushing them and then
being able to stack them in enough space
we can take two chips count roll bar
encounters but that's true but wait if
Lily transforms into like a horse
mm-hmm that would have our chance of
encounters right you're still gonna take
you a day to get there and back whether
she's a horse or not we can I wanna be a
lot faster really rent the horse as well
you cannot rent horses can't we can
write like meals or something but I
don't think no you can't because people
will just steal them there's no like
credit card system you can like I'm
gonna rent this horse and then just
never leave collateral I can we buy a
horse yeah I'll buy a horse wait uh okay
if we were to want to buy a horse the
horse isn't going to necessarily speed
up your movement rate over this
difficult terrain if you're on like know
that ground work is gonna be great but
if you're like going over dead Larry
goes metagaming koi boo ya carry stuff
right the lanterns aren't heavy it's
their Vega there are large and space
filling up so like you know the whole
it's not the way you guys can carry the
physical weight of the lanterns but is
it like could we could we attach the
lanterns to hurt the horse using rope or
could we and like carry more that way or
could we bring like chess yeah minecraft
you can attach a chest to a donkey Kelly
by owacan no this is too much
we're not traveling merchants and my
other question for you guys is why are
you stealing these I thought you guys
were a legit business not for the money
way we want money and believe I have a
lot of things I want to buy you know
become more efficient investigators
capital is always important growing your
business I just know how much our voice
is just for my book come on where are
these books at good question
seventy-five gold for seventy we're not
getting a horse 500 for a horse they're
expensive
wait what about donkeys how much are
donkeys way cheaper way cheaper way
cheaper but for donkeys could we could
we carry more if we were to use it by
attaching a rope I guess you could sling
Tie lanterns together and sling them
over their backs and maybe be able to
carry a few more donkey never mind quite
but we're making two trips we'll make
we'll make two trips no we're not buying
animals okay this isn't a stable know
where we're gonna keep the donkey we're
gonna have to pay to feed him no you
can't have a donkey Toki okay maybe you
will save up to get a horse later it'll
be as good and clean up after it where
are you gonna put it you can't put a
donkey okay just transform into a donkey
wait you saw this transforming thing I I
thought I was only allowed to transfer
them into one animal I didn't know I
could no I there's a whole list oh
there's the beasts shapes list you can
turn into a black bear a boar a cow and
ox a coyote a deer a giant ant a giant
rat a giant rabbit course wait I turn
into a cow they eat some of my flesh I
turn back into a toy does the flesh stay
in
he hasn't been happened and this is why
valdore got fired is because he kept
trying to eat you reporte 2hr how can
you bailed or got fired for this Toki we
can't okay
it's too late you're right here and I
reported
into each other so you guys are gonna
you guys are gonna do this you're gonna
steal these lanterns yes yeah we so if
we take two trips and there's 18 of them
so sure we can we will take 19 we'll
take 3 yes and we can cover that up a
lot better lip I'll just make some
encounters checks and we'll see if you
can do it without any trouble you make
it they're back the first trip no
problem the second trip there you run
into problems though why don't we take a
short break here and when we come back
we will wait what okay wait maybe you
said you have the next adventure or
mystery and all that ready to go ready
to go okay maybe we should pick this up
next time we can resolve the lantern
thing and they go I have a thing that I
have to go at like 6:30 and it's like a
[ __ ] hour drive in traffic right now
so if we start all this I don't know if
I'm gonna like leave in the middle of
that so this might be like the best
stopping point all right
why are you leaving us sorry Lily
actually it's a free speech conference
with Jesse Lee Peterson if you want you
can come with okay it's on Pico
Boulevard so okay guys well nevermind
I'm sorry for asking all right we will
pick up next week and we'll see if ever
this is still a good idea but speaking
of stupid crimes this is one of the
stupid ones that's a lot of gold coin
booth sorry mister the investigators
here you're gonna go steal these highly
valuable things just walk back into town
with them then when whoever inherits the
mines like holy [ __ ] our magic lanterns
are all gone and they come back to town
like if you were running the
investigation into what happened with
the lanterns the first thing you do is
ask the guards at the gate like hey did
you see anyone with lanterns coming in
through here a bunch of them are stolen
and then immediately they know bringing
in the lanterns and have a dry blanket
trip over it no one will know we even
brief and secondly this mine is totally
unguarded news of this
murder and the Miami distrait is gonna
spread all over the town it was I would
absolutely be in fact your mistake koi
buoys you should have said when you went
back to the mine those lanterns were
already stolen of course thieves and
people in this land would be ravaging
like everything should be picked out of
that mind by now unless they had guard
station we're gonna frame some we're
gonna triple dip we're gonna frame we're
gonna frame it's like all framing that's
called backstabbing we're gonna frame
the barkeeper bunch gonna get caught so
hard with your own plan I'm not gonna
next week this is like seven months rent
isn't it this is an insane amount of
it's gonna free us up to do more charity
work more goodwill missions no we can
sell it in another town it's actually a
really that's a better idea so you guys
are gonna go from being investigators to
Lantern salesman listen when you're an
investigator like we are you're a
jack-of-all-trades that's part of why we
do what we do okay being able to sell
goods just listen have you ever watched
Cowboy Bebop
have you ever watch out lost art this is
what they do they take odd jobs and part
of their like little investigatory
things okay so oh well there you go
the boomerang yeah that's what we're
gonna do make Tony I just fell off okay
great all right Stevie what about the
outro here oh yeah we should actually do
one of those this time hey thanks a lot
for watching guys it's been fun and I'll
see you later bye no I'm just kidding
okay wait
katarina where can people find you who
are you what do you do twitch.tv slash
ke Torino I stream 3 p.m. Eastern Time
every weekday Wow and Lily Pichu where
can we find your stuff what are you up
to twitch.tv slash really Pichu
Wow cool and koi boo you guys can follow
me on Twitter so TV slash Koivu I'm
running a 24 to 36-hour Deane
marathon next week on August 13 to 14
which is my birthday that's gonna be a
big meat grinder with players from all
of my other campaigns I want to come by
for a long single session D&D one-shot
so come on by is the 13th is the 13th
and the 14th year birthday like both of
them together or one of the I imagine he
was just born on a single day yeah but
he said he said the 13th and 14th which
is my birthday you know I was making a
joke ok ok good job
all right wait and I'm nesting obviously
I'm at a destiny on YouTube best chance
which test you on Instagram you know cuz
that's how I roll and thanks lot for
joining us guys we will hopefully catch
you next week at the same time is it
wait are we or is your thing gonna
interfere that no no I'll be done I'll
be there well I don't know if he's gonna
have to sleep a lot see you next week
guys are you I am a soft-spoken
[Music]
inquisitive level 3 rogue
