destiny can you reference a debate topic
before the debate well he made a
reaction video to Joyner Lucas's song
and then I made a reaction to him its
reaction because I heard his reaction in
it it bothered me a little bit not gonna
lie just to by me just a little bit
what's going on everything is good man
hey I was just coming to the chat as he
was going on like what was the issue
with the video that I did the reaction
that did say that video the Joyner Lucas
I'm not racist well [ __ ] I don't know I
did a whole this whole video on it
do you remember specifically I mean you
were just like oh no the general just a
gap was like Uncle Tom or something Reem
you had like extreme criticisms to levy
towards like I guess what would be the
progressive black American viewpoint
presented of the video I don't know if I
could he's better educators there yeah I
mean I'm conservative I think the colour
is a relative thing of a person who took
your services I'm not gonna agree with
progressive stuff just because I'm black
I'm going to agree with conservative
points cuz I'm conservative maybe
wouldn't that make sense
I mean depending on the points yeah sure
so I mean what point should I not agree
with
should I not agree with people maybe no
take a little bit of time before to have
a baby not just having kids willy-nilly
should I not agree with being
responsible for your own actions and not
blame with somebody else
why shouldn't I agree with that I mean I
think it kind of depends on the lens
through which you view it in in terms of
like I guess like this is something that
bothers me if you want we can actually
go through the video I guess
specifically so we know exactly what I
said well you said um but but just kind
of like talking about that point because
this is probably gonna be like the
fundamental root of most of our
disagreement the idea that like you have
responsibility for your own actions that
statement really bothers me depending on
who's saying it I mean like to some
extent I mean we kind of have
responsibility of our actions but we
can't really pretend that everybody has
the same opportunities or
the same even like decision-making
faculty as everybody else in the country
when if somebody grows up in like a
middle-class family goes to a really
nice school you know and is making all
of these good life decisions versus
somebody that literally grows up like in
a single-parent household and isn't a
like really [ __ ] neighborhood does it
bother you if I use like the f-word or
anything would you prefer me not to
write I mean you can do whatever you
want it's all good okay yeah like like
when people live in like these much more
despondent kind of situations it bothers
me a little bit when I hear people for
much better off places saying things
like Oh like you know you just got to
make better choices like that really
bothers me just for the record if I ever
say anything that you disagree with or
if you feel like I'm unfairly
characterizing your argument or if I'm
like talking too much you can interrupt
me at any time all right I don't it
won't bother me oh no doubt okay so my
situation I grew up in a single-parent
household in the hood but I was always
able to make my own decisions it wasn't
like okay because we live in this area
I'm in a single-parent household we
don't have any money that I have to be
some kind of victim and I think that too
many of us just hold on to that we hold
on to the people saying oh because you
grew up in the Bay Area you grew up with
no money that you have carte blanche to
just do whatever you want right Society
I don't buy into that which is why I
speak the way I speak because there is
no excuse if I made it you can too I
know a lot of guys that's in jail a lot
of guys I grew up with they made bad
decisions and lot of them say they look
up to me guys was even older than me say
they they look up to me they wish that
they would have done the things I did
nobody says oh it wasn't my fault on
this day in the third people that I know
who grow just like me who end up in bad
situations regret what they did in which
would have made my choices so that's why
I speak to ass beat does that make any
sense I mean yeah it totally makes sense
I'm I don't know house I mean our
backgrounds are probably very dissimilar
but I share some similarities and that
my living situation was very very very
bad before I got into streaming and
everything but I think the difference is
that like I think it's important to
recognize that sometimes you can be an
exceptional story and that you shouldn't
necessarily think it's realistic to
expect everybody to to to rise above
their circumstances so to speak so like
you know before night why not what can I
expect a I'm not saying everybody's
going to be able to achieve you but
it has mean I can't expect he wine I
expect the best out of people I mean you
can try to expect the best out of people
but at the end of the day we have to be
realistic about what people can do and
like we have so much data in terms of if
you're born into a certain family the
likeliness that you'll attend college
the likeliness that you'll have a child
out of wedlock like all of these things
can be massively predicted like at the
moment of a person's birth and I think
it hurts us as a society to pretend that
we can just expect everybody to overcome
their circumstances and make amazing
things out of their lives because I
don't think that's like ever worked in
the history of all of mankind like it's
just a function go ahead so do you just
give up and say well since I was born in
a situation I'm not going to be able to
make it should you not actually try to
do anything for you so should there be
no expectation of you being able to
break that chain and then when you have
a family of your own you'll be able to
live better than you live growing up no
I mean I totally like if I was talking
to an individual or an absolute or even
talking to people I got act to
absolutely say that like you should
always try to rise above you should try
to don't be a victim try to accomplish
as much as you can
life is gonna hand you lemons sometimes
do what you can with it but
realistically if I'm talking about
there's the difference between like this
is a message that I would send to an
individual versus enacting policy for
the country if we're talking about like
policy for the country what we have to
do is you have to create environments
that allow people to succeed not keep
them in [ __ ] environments and then
expect them to rise above because people
in general don't do that well what kind
of policy would you have that would
allow somebody to make proper choices
for themselves I mean I don't understand
because lot of this stuff just really
boils down to choices what kind of
policy would you implement that way
helping there go um I mean we could go
through a number I mean think things
like access to birth control for poor
people I think that should be like a
given like that should be state-funded
100% free for any birth control now we
say birth control what do you mean
explain because maybe the pill for women
which which carries other medical
benefits or even condoms for men okay I
mean condoms those are free right now
our free clinics the two I'm not really
sure about how much the pill costs but I
think it's is it like 20 bucks for like
a box of condoms they can be cost
prohibitive I mean not really
you know it depends on how many you get
if you get in like a boat pack maybe it
costs that much regardless you can still
get on for free like at the local clinic
it's not something that is cost
prohibitive you can get them for free
many times but is that the only thing
you think is birth control as far as
that pill and condoms or do you include
abortion um I mean you could include
abortion if you want sure as well well I
don't include abortion I was just asking
you because abortion is not birth
control because if you're killing a baby
you're not you're not controlling birth
you're just terminating birth you're
just presenting birth from happening of
a developing baby sure I don't
necessarily disagree with that I'm
actually ethically pro-life I actually
actually very strongly share that point
of view but the fact is that right now
in the United States wealthier people
tend have access to abortion moreso than
poor people so it's not really like an
even playing field whether or not you
think it's right or wrong if you're
wealthy it's much easier for you to get
an abortion that it is if you're not
wealthy right you're more likely to
carry a baby to term and give birth to
somebody in a [ __ ] up environment than
a wealthier person that could just say
I'll [ __ ] it and I go to a clinic and
get an abortion right well I don't think
abortion is something that anybody
should be doing virtual poor so the even
playing field
you know that's not really the thing and
then as far as they being like a poverty
thing I'm not really sure how that makes
any sense because in New York City and
the year 2012 at least that's the year I
have the data on it I'm not really sure
if it's a year-to-year consistent thing
but in 2012 in New York City more black
babies were aborted than were actually
born by margin than 6005 for injury so I
don't think they have a problem with
getting access to abortion well just
because more black babies were aborted
and born doesn't necessarily mean that
it disproves the idea that poor people
have worse access to abortion than
wealthier people do because there might
just be a lot of white babies being born
those numbers don't necessarily prove
that and also no no no no when I say it
more I say it more black babies were so
you have more black babies of border
than we're actually boring I don't mean
there were more you know it's I'm
talking about black versus black so you
talking about 18,500 jury live
prior to me 18,000 abortions a 2500
abortions versus 12 thousand left bursts
okay that are all better black in New
York City and that same pattern can be
seen all around the country that have
been twenty million black babies that
have been aborted since 1973 Brophy way
and we're only about 36 million total in
the United States our population should
be about 25 or 30 percent higher so I
think that abortion is the thing that we
most certainly have easy access to too
much
you know you don't necessarily know that
because you can't tell me how many poor
black people wanted to get an abortion
but couldn't just because there were a
lot doesn't mean that could've been more
and this could also mean proposition
it'd be more I mean there's already more
than that's actually being born so how
many more can you actually do I mean
we're already in a raid so how many more
could he get in the in the United States
I would argue that is if I mean because
right now we have decided or the supreme
court has decided that abortion is
something that you should be able to
pursue if you want to get an abortion
you should be able to get one so how
many more should there be it's however
many more people would have wanted to
get one but couldn't have afforded to
otherwise I mean what if it's to the
point where all the black people day but
what if it's to the point where
everybody poor just give wiped away
there's there's no more black people
because we all abort the babies like
right now the birth rate in the black
community is one point a three which is
below the replacement of two point one
it's even worse of white Americans yeah
why does he yeah white is lower than
black at that point but I mean like what
my goal would be or the idea would be
that I don't think that black people
don't ever want to have babies I think
that what happens is poor people tend to
get babies earlier than non poor people
for a variety of reasons and more black
people tend to be poor as a percentage
than white people so my guess would be
that as you fix problems in black
communities and poor communities and
they become less impoverished and more
joining the middle class and whatnot
they would probably have children at
similar rates than white people which
ironically I guess is less than they are
now but at least they would be in like
fixed homes okay so but now what thing
well we're just on that particular thing
and then if you wanted to say something
else like this could all this also kind
of points to a problem in contraception
as well if that many abortions are
happening it seems like there isn't this
ease of access to contraception as you
kind of made us on earlier right I do I
could be wrong but I don't imagine that
black women enjoy getting abortions I
mean it could be a pretty rough process
on your body so it sounds like there is
some issue here and getting
contraceptives when you're these types
of people no not really because like I
say a lot of times you can get it for
free I mean you go to these free clinics
or whatever they're available for free
condoms it is people just don't like
using them that's the problem a lot of
reckless behavior and a lot of the
reckless behavior is done because people
know that it has backups number one they
can kill the baby number two if they
have the actual baby then they're able
to get money for it okay
you have heard people in media cages and
say they've had a baby for the specific
purpose of being able to get a shake so
without getting into the anecdotal stuff
I would be shocked if there were women
that had this thought process where it's
like oh well you know if I get pregnant
you know whatever I could just get an
abortion
I feel like more women would prefer to
not get pregnant in the first place
that's something like contraceptive
access would be something that women
would prefer over well if I get knocked
up I can just go get an abortion an
abortion is more painful more taxing on
your body more expensive than than birth
control I mean that's the risk they take
I mean like they're taking the risk they
feel like yeah but this is my problem
they take the risk but their risk is
different than white people taking the
risk because if you take the risk in a
middle-class family you can get an
abortion you've got millions of ways to
get contraception you've got other
things to do besides sex I think that
I've proven the point that we don't have
a problem with having access to abortion
in the black community because if you
have more black babies that are aborted
in born obviously there's not a problem
with being able to access abortion no
that's a non-sequitur that's not true at
all what if 10 million more women wanted
to have abortions but couldn't get it
you don't have those numbers just
because there's a lot of abortions
doesn't mean that everybody that wanted
to get an abortion he's got one I think
I proved my point because if you have
more that are aborted than born I mean
come on it doesn't make any sense to say
Dayo there's not enough access to it how
can you say that when there's more
aborted and boring because it's possible
that there's more conceived than wants
to be conceived that's the problem is
that more babies we can conceive than
what they want just because more being
aborted than born doesn't necessarily
mean that and as many people that want
abortions are getting them there could
be more it I think I proved him I think
our proof in my point on that we should
move on to the next thing now I just
want to know like what was the what was
a major issue because the video I felt
like you really wanted watching that you
appeal and let League of Legends you
weren't really watching the video so I'm
just trying to figure out like what was
your core issue Whitty were you just
trying to get some kind saying like
what's going on no [ __ ] I would have to
I don't remember completely cuz this is
a long this is like months ago that it
wasn't this time if you want I can kind
of like speed through and listen to some
of your videos and like point put pick
out the points if you want me to do that
run for it okay all right hold on real
quick our attention in a visual Beauty
time so I gotta give you guys
last metal okay we'll think about this
in BOM term no black box it was each
other right guys it's one o things
manages let's just play this I mean to
be I mean you want a video you're not a
ghost
okay so okay so the first thing I guess
we can talk about is slavery yes you are
I'm okay I don't want this might be
incredibly rude how old are you or if
you don't mind answering or if you don't
want to so you don't have to 33 you're
33 okay so you you probably have like a
grandparent literally maybe even a
parent who was told they couldn't get a
loan from a bank or couldn't buy a
certain type of house because of
official like u.s. sanctioned policies
like prior to the 1964 Civil Rights Act
right do you agree that that they're
like actual policies at banks like
things like redlining where they would
literally say we do not loan to Black's
no that was based on credit my people
didn't have that problem
wait so you're telling me that you don't
believe in the 50s and 60s that people
were specifically discriminated against
because of skin color you think it was
all based on credit it was based on
credit and I'm gonna tell you why you
see see I'm a black person now Bruce ago
I bet back to slavery and I can tell you
where my people went through now I was
born in a place called Rand West
Virginia 95 percent white state my
grandmother was CT KKK in person it
never hurt her anything matter if a they
would bring toys and food down to the
black community in Christmastime and
also I think on the Fourth Way diesel in
general the KKK was not as bad to black
people as people make it out to be
no Alec and suicune is what my
grandmother told me I don't know about
how they were in other places when in
West Virginia well my grandmother was
growing up in the 30s they never hurt
anybody black they actually were pretty
generous that's just what she said now
in other places of course is not the
case but for my people that's what it
was but moving right along from net my
great-grandfather on my mother's side
own land and two houses back in the 40s
and 50s and the two houses still stands
Tuesday in West Virginia now how was he
able to do that if it was this whole big
thing or you can't get money you can't
get a loan all this day and a third how
is he able to own land my father owned
land in West Virginia and West Virginia
oh this is this is the worst place of
black people how's that possible
see you've been told a thing a lot of
times from your liberal teachers it's
not it's not even your fault man because
you just don't understand you've been
told things that are not really true
you've been so certain stories that have
been exaggerated it's like when the
story gets so and passed down from
person to person it becomes an entirely
new story it becomes exaggerated to
prove a point that is not true the black
community was much better off before the
1960s I mean I can prove it I could tell
you some numbers if you want them well
the only numbers you're gonna give me
