did you see to the most recent change my
mind on the wall huge fan by the way
know the United States doesn't exist
there as you well know the wall itself
and immigration at large is a hot topic
these days all Americans are hurt by
uncontrolled illegal migration we don't
need a wall is an immorality it's not
who we are as a nation
deal with that wall build that wall
build that wall build that wall about
from proposed water wall what do they
know what do you think we want to hear
any comments below please enjoy sure but
first off let me kind of preface this
what we're doing here the point you and
I think it sounds really happened on
college campus a whole lot is about
rationalizing one's position so I do
support not only a wall but conference
at immigration reform but enforcing laws
we currently have in the books I think
that we need secure borders I think of
it that's a strong component national
security so what part of that do you
disagree with you're welcome to change
on I
oh my god do you think she's gonna get
to ask her questions do you think that
it's gonna go totally down that route
let's watch agree that we do need a
strong national security because it is
important to the American people people
born here people that enter here Louise
I think the problem is our execution of
it okay don't I understand like living
in Texas long I live most of my life I
totally understand what you mean by we
need a physical barrier between them and
us and that's over there you need to
wait repeat it so you can kind of like
basically you can load your questions in
such a way like let's say for instance
let's say for instance this is really
subtle and I don't necessarily fall
crowder for this but it's so hard to
keep track of this - I can't do this in
a live debate I have to be like
cognitively [ __ ] super analyzing
something in a dispassionate way to
catch these types of little tricks it's
very hard to do this so there's a huge
difference between me saying let's say
we're talking about ways to keep women
safe right there's a huge difference
being saying something like I want to
keep women safe so we should give them
catana katanas versus I think a good way
to keep women safe is to give them
katanas right these two positions are so
different and they will they will
provoke a totally different response
from the person so if you enter with
okay so what do you disagree about this
statement okay I want to keep women safe
by giving them katanas verses like I
want to I want to keep women safe and a
good way to do that it's given okay that
was right and the first one you've in a
way you've kind of like married your
conclusion to your
right like well I want to keep women
safe and you want to keep them safe and
katanas will keep them safe and like
[ __ ] like I don't even know what I'm
arguing against right now like well hold
on like I really I do want to keep women
safe like so how do I like you get into
this really weird thing we're like you
have to be able to like in the moment
say okay I also want to keep women safe
but I don't think that the best way to
do that is with katanas I'm gonna
propose a second thing right a lot of
people to talk about things like like
immigration reform well it seems like I
think we need strong borders and we need
good national security with the wall do
you disagree with that and it's like
well [ __ ] wait hold on I mean I agree
with we do do strong national security
is at the wall is the wall the best way
right the question is like obviously all
of us well I assume most people want
strong national security and most people
want laws that are written that can be
followed easily but we don't think
generally I think Democrats are the
railey something a wall is the best way
of accomplishing this sorry buttons
about your experience personal with it
right is that a form of begging the
question kind of but like again I don't
necessarily blame Carter for doing this
like you you can do this like really
unintentionally but sure but first off
let me kind of preface this what we're
doing here well not debating actually
the point here and I think it's doesn't
really happen on college campus a whole
lot is about rationalizing one's
position so I do support not only a wall
but comprehensive immigration not only
look form but enforcement laws that we
currently have in the books I think that
we need secure borders and I think that
that's a strong component to national
security so what part of that do you
disagree with your well so like there's
very very very little here that any ah
now I'm not sure if he did rehearse this
that's a super difficult thing to
describe because he just said like
almost everything he just said like
let's we can actually look at like well
let's like break down all the claims of
the sentence okay I'll preface this what
we're doing here let's do not debating
actually and it's also he front loads
the the wall part and then that at the
very end we're left with like agreement
agreement agreement agreement grant
buddy but at the very front is where he
puts that um where he puts the wall
thing and you don't even remember that
by the
at the end the point here and I think
it's doesn't really happened in college
I can have us a whole lot is about
rationalizing ones position
rationalizing positions that's good we
agree so far so I do support not only a
wall okay so I like how we don't even
really talk with like well I do support
okay not only a wall okay we just like
tossing that in there when that is
actually the central part of the
discussion okay so we have the wall we
disagree with that right but we don't
want the wall but comprehensive
immigration not only with comprehensive
and irrigation for me everybody wants a
comprehensive immigration bar so yeah of
course warm but enforcement laws that we
current enforcing laws we currently have
yeah everybody wants that of course sure
we have on the books I think that we
need secure borders and I think you need
secure borders yeah of course
but that's a strong component for
national security that's a strong
component national security yeah of
course so what part of that do you
disagree with you're welcome to change
my mind so the correct answer is I agree
with everything you've just said but I
don't think that you can adequately
demonstrate that a wall is going to
serve any of the other purposes that
you've stated it doesn't help us enforce
the laws on the books it's totally
irrelevant to that it doesn't
necessarily help us keep the border more
secure and I think we can demonstrate
plenty ways people can get in otherwise
and it doesn't seem to be in our best
interest because it's a waste of money
right like that but I don't I don't
think I don't think even I could think
of that on this spot I think I would get
I think I would get trapped by this
question I think I don't know I hope I
wouldn't I'm not sure I don't know but
let's see what she says
I agree that we do need a strong
national security because it is
important to the American people yeah
people born here people that I
immigrated here legally I think the
problem is our execution of it okay
don't I understand like living in Texas
all my life most of my life I totally
understand what you mean by we need a
physical barrier between them and us and
that's understandable like you don't
know who's over there you need to assert
that America is number one you serve
your country
this is like we need to protect our home
oh she's already bought into like some
[ __ ] hyper nationalist [ __ ] this [ __ ]
is [ __ ] this isn't gonna go well boys
good luck America number one you know
she took it even farther than he did
he's gonna say why wouldn't say
America's number one but just that we
should respect our sovereignty in every
country has a right to defend its own
borders or some [ __ ] I think that a
nation needs disagree with that no I
agree with that and
where you're coming from that no I just
think the idea that a wall will protect
that it's not exactly the most
meaningful way of doing it I think it's
more of it that's good
band-aid to a much greater problem
that's our immigration system the
curtain that's good yeah apparently okay
it's really difficult to immigrate
if you come from Mexico and it's
extremely difficult to get refugee
status and seek asylum in the u.s. so
even though because the big problem in
order our southern borders the pops no
one's like oh no we need a Canadian
border like no one's afraid um you know
why that it out of here because we don't
have it they don't have as much a high
crime rate it's not as violent no we
don't have a problem of illegal
immigration from yeah but I think a big
part you mentioned some numbers earlier
I couldn't really hear cuz I was in
behind sure about how people get here
most people do not cross the border
physically on foot like that's not the
main way most people overstay their
visas they come here on planes that's
not true okay she's gonna come on a
technicality
I said this before - it's not true it's
like it's like 42% of illegal immigrants
I think are here over saying visas it's
not most it's still a [ __ ] massive
trunk it might be a plurality I don't
know if more people I don't know how
many other ways there are to get into
the country illegally but the but the
visa thing is like it's like 42 or 44
percent or whatever oh and she's gonna
42% or overstayed visas okay and the
other arrests yeah across the border
coming enter illegally do um I'm just
kiddin we have an article for how people
get here illegally
if 42 percent overstay their visas I
doubt every other person crosses the
border Lee there must be other ways to
get into the country illegally
[Music]
that article saying that 42% of all
illegal immigrants are overstates but
since 2014 66 percent of new illegal
immigrants are overstays he presented
the stud in a misleading way who cares a
few years ago a great percentage of
illegal immigrants cross the border with
an currently farmer Oh interesting so of
all the illegal immigrants here today
42% of them are undocumented persons
that overstay a visa I don't know if it
the a percent still come across the
border but okay but apparently since
2014 66 percent of new illegal
immigrants are overstays keep in mind
these numbers are probably really
[ __ ] hard to get to I don't know how
reliable any of this is necessarily
getting numbers I don't know
undocumented leave a little really hard
but yeah
I couldn't care less why does that
matter
wait most people overstay their visas
they cut your own planes that's not true
okay it's not 42% or overstayed visas
okay and the other arrests yeah across
the border I mean enter illegally I
couldn't care less
why does that matter I think the biggest
part for that would be the refugee
status people that are seeking asylum
okay and that they're I can't tell if
she was trying to trap him there or what
the purpose of that question was what is
the what is that but what did she say
what are the ethnicity or what are the
demographics of that just so desperate
they don't have a choice okay
are you aware but classifies no okay
what is it you have to be demonstrably
oppressed typically under a regime were
systematically oppressing you for your
faith or race or creed and if you look
at international law it's the nearest
nation that could possibly accept
refugees is required to under those laws
but none of which would have applied
force to Mexico no no not like cartel
victims oh yeah so they would not know
they wouldn't qualify as a refugee
status and certainly not a caravan
coming from Honduras because they have a
country yeah so what do we currently
have in place as far as I understand we
have a fence it is a small fence it does
not cover the entire border yeah there's
about seven 800 miles aboard that are
completely under that due to inactive
politicians for a long time have an
enforced the laws that we have in the
book and having erected the defense wall
what do we want to call it and by the
way I want to make sure that you really
it's not just about the wall I've
supported all the other comprehensive
forms of immigration but let me ask you
this do we both wait what are we even
talking about right now I don't
understand I feel like we got away so
he's just asking her questions I guess
to figure out how much he knows I don't
know what talking about refugee status
has to do they're gonna building walls
and effective means of doing anything in
our border but let's agree that we need
to enforce we need to know who's here
legally yeah
okay and do we both agree that we need
strong borders in the country okay okay
execution is where we differ because you
were saying asylum seekers and you were
kind of talking about which you know
these people are not but when push comes
to pool I can totally understand where
they're coming from those will be the
people that are cut off from all the
people that we're trying to keep out so
you make you think that I don't think
refugees asylum seekers will be kept out
just because they're so weak the people
that are most strongly this is stupid
they can still get through even if we
had a wall they'd still be able to apply
for a refugee or asylum status and get
through and processed or whatever
instance about argument so would you
mean like Christians in Syria is that
what you're gonna be talking about more
or less not specifically the Christians
in Syria's are probably think those
people probably get referred to the u.s.
from the UA on the UNHCR or HRC human is
at UNH I see the Human Rights Commission
or Human Rights Council that has nothing
to do at all right well that's a big
problem like you know we don't in a big
country and we're not necessarily just
protected by the ocean and a very small
border but we're talking about refugees
that would qualify like a Christian in
Syria Christians in Syria
no one's helped them by the way yeah
yeah well how are you aware because I do
keep up a little bit with that I was
thinking about with like as a Jew
keep up with the Jewish situation in the
Middle East and their immigration
problems sure yeah so you're where the
walls work Israel erecting the wall and
eliminating 99% of illegal immigration
but I was curious how are you aware that
this isn't a gotcha that specifically
Christian refugees have been taken it
because plenty of refugees have been
taken out yeah um they're the most
targeted minority in Syria right now are
they not yes yeah because it's the
Muslim majority country right yeah but
less than 1% of the refugees accepted
for Christian really
you mean interesting another yeah they
would be asylum seekers they would be
refugees because you're burned in a cage
if you're a Christian and I would agree
and take most people in but is it yeah
isn't it a little bit odd that less than
some people the number is under point
five percent of the refugees who are
taking Emma Christians mainly percentage
of Christians and Syria Syria comprise
all of them Oh so in Syria eleven point
two percent of the population are
Christians we just don't twenty five
percent from 1920 so you would expect
there to be ten Muslims for every one
Syrian or nine Muslims free water I'm
sorry nine Muslims for every one
Christian assuming they were assuming
they were seeking asylum status evenly
why uh why do we accept a few Christian
is are there numbers on that I'm very
curious to see this I don't know if you
trying to imply that we intentionally
don't accept Christians that sounds
highly unlikely to me I'm curious
okay we'll check this hold on one second
can you explain why this is for a wall
working is not a good point um I'm
willing to bet that Ezreal probably
enforces their wall in a much more
dramatic fashion than we do right don't
they like bomb that [ __ ] or return fire
I go so you should save to like Hamas
individuals and whatnot and all the
crazy [ __ ] going on there like that
place a little war zone also the amount
of wall that they have to defend is much
it's much much much shorter than the
amount of wall that would go on the
American Mexican border I just don't
think the comparison is apt oh sorry ok
why do so feel Christian Syrian refugees
registered with the UN H Oh what well if
not many of them are even registering so
from my understanding you write if
you're from if you're Europe African is
your whatever well you register for
refugee status to the UNHCR and then
from there one percent of refugees from
the UNHCR are referred to the United
States we don't like I don't think you
apply for asylum to the u.s. from Syria
like you apply at the UN and it's very
very few of those people refer to the
u.s. from the UN so if they're not even
applying for Refugees yeah ok ok this
interview Christ wanted the waste
manager that's made them 111 million
Syrians we're gonna forcefully their
homes
it's the Africa this will 1 2011 with a
six minor internally displaced one
person against that background it is
striking that the US is except only
10,000 Syrian refugees and contrast
Canada with the Popish where they
one-tenth the size of the u.s. accepted
three times
oh damn there's considerable interesting
instead of the US as to why so few
Syrian Christians are registered as
refugees by the UNHCR my so via Syrian
crispier news eventually resell in the
US or other nanami an issue comes to
children divers need to be analyzed to
expand
although Christians are generally
represented be as much as 10% of the
Syrians pre-war population that's all
because I'm just Syrian Christian if you
see words from units news I 1.2 was done
research Senate 36 10,000 Syrian
refugees resettle in the u.s. are
Christian
it's even less than you would expect
these numbers have let it criticism this
is my place Cronus against Christians
being a typical for the register
they say what which lies most
information Glenn her anybody's
connected with people in organizations
Turkey Lebanon and Jordan and ginger
line for explanation why Syrian
Christians are not registering for you
something or it also contains finding
some degrees connecting the u.s. names
associated on the broader topic of
discrimination and the horrors of the
Syrian civil war including asbestos here
in Christian community she begs a more
fully but no more than one notable
findings that there are sharply
different perceptions in the u.s. on one
hand and in Lebanon and Jordan on the
other about treatment of Syrian Chris
remedies u.s. sub positions of
anti-christian discrimination and
systemic debilities as the possible
reason for the small number of this
grouping registry cells her duties
contrast with the perception especially
Lebanon that some Christians BC
preferential treatment and are we so
little higher than other refugees so
he's always been a diverse state with
numerous minority religious groups the
Kurds are the largest national minority
group next to the Palestinians who fled
Syria falling on a footing on a nerve
Chris reminder if I spend represent
seven to ten percent of pre-conflict
population Syrian civil conflict began
on March 2011 it's one of the greatest
you introduced since what would - it
worse if one of those people and killed
over five million minutes plays
control-f critical question why are
there so few registered Christian
refugees now majority of those
interviewed the purpose of this report
sir did that the Assad regime does not
threaten Syrian Christians in the same
way it threatens others the ruling Baath
Party and the Assad regime are validly
nationalistic may need the Syrian
Christian refugees interviewed in
Lebanon including some initially
supported the opposition expect to hear
that rebels in Syria appear to have
become increasingly more dominated by
Islamic radicals living a little place
for them in the opposition the rise of
new oppositional rebel groups including
Jamaat fothe al sharm the rebranded
jabhat al-nusrah job-job hot l new
al-nusra and of course the Islamic State
of Iraq and the Levant make the Assad
regime appear less pathetic Christians
in comparison wait but I thought all
Muslims wanted to kill all Christians
are you telling me that it might not
necessarily be that simple doesn't even
make sense
why would I sis why would I siz fight
against Assad they're both Muslims
shouldn't they love each other doesn't
even make any sense
they should all be killing Christians I
thought I don't get this guy must be a
liberal mo Syrian Christians are urban
and lives in Aleppo Damascus Homs and
smaller cities such as Tartus and
Latakia Latakia Latakia Wadena surah or
the valley of the Christians isn't the
[ __ ] was that
oh dude miss your aunt loses game
Valley is a circle a Christian area
containing around 34 Christian villages
it was also where many urban Christian
families may have lived in a mosque so
everybody either kept a circle family
home or Bella Vicki generator - it's
colic started maybe from vol.2 area
through the move to our second homes in
the valley second homes or allowed
families and friends to occupy them many
of the hardest hit areas are able
controlled in the Assad's government use
of air power and barrel bombs are
examples of its superior and deadly fire
fighters for several areas some
Christians about returning even to
devastated says Homs but very few of
them I've registered with the UN most
because I plan on returning venture to
Syria June 2016 that we say today about
100 families characterís is coming on
Christians is here expand when the
numbers are low and registering is
refugee someplace okay so not about that
not that many Christians are registering
basically with the UN because they don't
necessarily see the Assad regime as
threatening as the other Muslim groups
okay what does Stephen Crowder's answer
to this yeah they would be asylum
seekers they would be refugees because
you're burned in a cage if you're a
Christian and I would agree in taking
those people in but is it yeah that's
just that's just not true that's just
blatantly false I guess the Assad regime
is generally favorable to Christians
Christian refugees have been taken
because 20 well let's see okay
violence against Christians in Syria
hold on one second
persecutions of Christians by ISIL Isis
is not Syria though Isis is one of the
faction groups that that was fighting
against the Assad regime persecution of
Christians in the Middle East violence
against Christians in Syria violence
Christians by Assad how about this
Syria's bleed Christians the BBC Syrian
Christian commune is one of the oldest
in the world going back to millennia the
Apostle Paul said we've been converted
on the road to Damascus while some
Christians for the town of Malu can
still be speak Aramaic the language of
Jesus near the northern city of Aleppo
on the mountain west of the councils
have badly damaged by my government
charts after it was used as a base by
rebels in Syria Civil War nor has that
warfare the Christian community thought
unfortunately homes by the threat from
hardline Islamist rebels and jihadist
militants keep in mind that the u.s. is
the one that supported these rebels but
rebels an area seized by the gitis group
Islamic state Christians been ordered to
convert to Islam at pay Jie Jie Jie Jie
Jie a religious levy or face death and
Stan province of hosaka in February 15
hundred Christians are afraid to been
kidnapped by the militants some senior
Christian glice Watts been kidnapping
huh
despite their minority status Christians
have long been among Syria's elite
they've been represented in many of the
political groups we divide for control
of the country including the secular
Arab nationalist and socialist movements
which eventually came to the fore for a
for a the founder of the Baath Party
which has ruled Syria since 1963 it was
a Christian and Christians rose to
senior positions and the party
government and security forces although
they are generally not seen have any
real power compared to their a low
Alawite and Sunni colleagues although
like other Syrians they had very limited
civil and political freedoms Christians
are believed to have value the rights
and protections accorded to minorities
but Ava's al-assad was president between
1971 State House why son Bashar a large
portion of the country's Sunni is also
tolerated or support of the Assad's and
they saw as guarantors of stability when
program I can see Pro disrupt in Syria
March 2011 many Christians were cautious
and try to avoid taking sides however is
the government crackdown intensified and
opposition arms are gradually drawn
another conflict secretary and violent
thoughts graciously been displaced are
fighting Isis led to some Christians to
express support for President Assad
particularly a sectarian violence has
increased
what is sectarian violence I don't know
what sectarian means there's this like
collateral damage or denoting or
concerning a sect or sex
what is sect I hear this phrase I don't
actually know what it means secretary
and violence is a form of communal
violence inspired by sectarianism that
is between different sects does it just
mean like one group of people is
basically [ __ ] on another group of
people basically intertribal conflict
yeah okay
oh would you place what do you got buddy
I I was in promos too like gold or
whatever but I didn't get it
wait are you in somewhere right now I'm
still silver one see if it lets us I
don't know very well you might have to
be gold tonight
thank you that's to be covered in the
dream keep leveling this [ __ ] ass
account out you know I'm gonna say it
the next time I will be very careful
[Music]
okay gotcha so then this makes sense
then so then the argument from that one
article essentially goes we don't see as
many Syrians we don't see as many Syrian
Christians filing for refugee status
through other groups of people because
they're generally doing okay in Syria
and they don't find as much a reason to
refugees have been taken yeah um they're
the most targeted minority in Syria
right now are they not yes yeah because
it's the Muslim majority country right
oh so that was so stupid [ __ ]
Muslims don't work that way um any time
somebody tells you like Muslims do X in
the Middle East there are like very big
divides between um so you're telling me
Assad doesn't actually go after the
Christians so they support Assad to
defend them from the militant groups so
therefore they don't have to leave and
aren't applying for asylum sure that
seems to be the argument that the
article made and then the other ones who
support that the this like nothing in
the myth I don't understand how anything
in the Middle East can ever make sense
to you if this is what you believe
right like why are there groups of
people fighting each other in in Iraq
like there all of them are Muslims it
doesn't make any sense
like why why you know why do this why do
why do the Gulf states they're all
Muslims why don't they get along with
like Iraq Iran in Syria like everybody's
Muslim it doesn't make sense shouldn't
they all love each other and then just
[ __ ] on Christians like like none of it
um yeah I don't know
Muslims can fight amongst themselves and
[ __ ] on Christians yeah they can but
there's like the way that these can be
the problem is alike Islam is not a
monolith like no religion is probably
well there's probably some religions
like 30 people that's monolith but in
general no large like international
religion is a monolith there's tons of
people with tons of different views
these things are gonna fall heavily on
state lines on different sects right
different or hadith following teachings
or whatever and [ __ ] Islam [ __ ] like
all of these things are going to be like
drawn on a ton of different lines this
idea that like oh in the Middle East
Muslims kill Christians the [ __ ] what
Muslims kill what Christians in what
state in what time period you think all
Christians are just killed in the Middle
East by all Muslims like are the Kurds
killing the same people that Isis is
killing or killing the same people that
like the Taliban are after that and then
like like what this doesn't even except
it's like such a naive stupid primitive
uninformed view of everything going on
in this section of the world it's like
literally like [ __ ] Westeros like Oh
must be Christians versus Muslims over
there like the [ __ ] does this even mean
is so stupid
sorry okay sure so you're aware that
Wallwork elimination when i was curious
how are you aware that this isn't a
gotcha that specifically Christian
refugees haven't been taken it because
plenty of refugees have been taking it
so he's so this is kind of not really
this is kind of a lie right he's saying
Christian refugees haven't been taken in
but now we know that well no Christian
refugees just haven't applied for asylum
as much as the other ones for reasons
that I guess we have exploded a couple
articles I mean maybe I maybe what we've
heard is wrong it can read more but I
mean it seems consistent yeah they're
the most targeted minority in Syria
right now are they not yes yeah because
it's the Muslim majority country right
yeah less than 1% of the refugees
accepted for Christian really
interesting another yeah they would be
asylum seekers they would be refugees
because you're burned in a cage if
you're a Christian and I would agree in
taking those people in but is it is he
and he's literally referencing the one
[ __ ] Isis video that he probably
jerked off to at night or some [ __ ] like
okay isn't it a little bit odd that less
than some people the number is under
point five percent of the refugees who
are taking in more Christians mainly you
know more aged Muslim males were taken
it interesting I don't think that would
be who that that shouldn't be who were
and she's just running down his [ __ ]
NPC tree Oh God
aiming to like save if there will they
be the refugee yeah
not someone in a cup under and Caravan
so how do we disagree on execution how
would you okay can people from I don't
know anything about what's my own spin
around could be over monetarists seek
refugee status or asylum let's find out
this is voanews.com I have no [ __ ]
idea what this means the UN refugee
agency indicates Washington is on shaky
legal ground in borrowing Central
American asylum seekers from entering
the u.s. the UNHCR reports people
fleeing persecution amounts have a right
to international protection the UN
refugee agency does not question the
sovereign right of any nation controlled
supporters but it does say international
law governs the way countries must
behave towards refugees and asylum
seekers the UNHCR says it recognized the
gravel thunderin migrants and a caravan
at the US will be overwhelming but
spokeswoman Charlie Yaxley says closing
the borders to the caravan is not a
solution it will likely cause harm to
those people generally fear for their
lives we wish to reiterate and underline
that any individuals within the group
that are fleeing persecution violence
they need to be given access to
territory and they need to be allowed
Xers are fundamental rights to seek
asylum and have access to refugee status
termination procedures he said early
Yaxley says this principle is not only
set on an international law but also
part of the national legislation of all
countries concerned he says it is
important for governments follow the law
he does VOA the US has not always stuck
to the letter of Refugee law
I think there's been well-documented
some of the issues I think there's been
well-documented some of their issues
about the separation with the children
the u.s. we repeatedly called Family
Center be separated for detention ought
to be used we're going to ensure the
meantime the geneva-based international
art customer supports red cross
volunteers across the troll SS air okay
how do you seek refugee status United
States what do you need for to happen
us organized the right of asylum for
individuals that specified by
international law basically number at
legally defined revenues to apply for
asylum inside the US or apply for
refugee status from outside the rest are
admitted annually refugees composed
one-tenth the total annual immigration
our siloam has two basic arraignments
first an asylum applicant must establish
that he or she fears persecution in
their home country second the asylum the
applicant must prove that he or she
would be persecuted on on account of one
of the five protected grounds race
religion nationality political opinion
or pull trick particular social group
okay so why why are people in Honduras
so mad right now what's going on in
Honduras click hold on one second
are they actually your segregations in
custom site I mean the wiki is probably
sweating it why is it why is everyone
here so my right now
I don't know [ __ ] all about anything
[ __ ] south of the Equator I don't
even know where the [ __ ] Australia's
okay actually Central America I don't
even know if this is south of the
Honduras um hit me up with some news fam
judge finds dear Islamic of guilty
deformation case political unrest in
Honduras I squash miss me with that [ __ ]
fam is that north of the Equator right
well they're south the border south of
the wall south of the wall that's what
the new equator is gonna be politics of
Honduras Honduras due to us I can't burn
our [ __ ] alright [ __ ] rolling your eyes
why the [ __ ] are people in Honduras
seeking asylum in the United States why
are they so [ __ ] mad right now can
somebody tell me or somebody linking
something I can read hold on one second
[Music]
mostly economic migrants and fleeing
gang front oh wait
mostly economic migrants are fleeing
gang violence isn't the murder rate
[ __ ] Lehigh okay wait okay wait wait
why do you Honduras seek asylum
why is Honduras seeking asylum the mic
ha [ __ ] I don't know why but I'm just
very I feel like I've seen too many
music videos of box explaining music and
it is very [ __ ] wrong and makes me I
want to take their opinion or anything
political oh god which website broke the
story about how the school shooting
number might be like grossly [ __ ] was
that that was that Vox if somebody says
yes to that then all it'll restore my
faith and Vox does anybody remember who
I like the Atlantic I don't think I've
read anything bad I don't think I've
read anything in the Atlantic where I'm
like oh this is [ __ ] was that NPR okay
okay NPR is also I haven't read anything
bad about NPR either okay today's
migrant flows different poverty's
different any previous waves of migrants
for their homes what's new now was the
rise of gangs
how do you feel out the hill or the
Washington Examiner
I think the hill is okay the Washington
Examiner I think is okay it has an iffy
sounding name but do you think it's okay
I'm not sure I don't have a strong
opinions on that kind of I wanted to
have a gamer to murder rape harass my my
please don't through death throat over
an outstanding extortion payment amid
the justified operate the permanence
often loss of the reasons many Central
Americans leave their homes are prepared
to breathe the perils of the Union North
the first place families roaming the
border for countries like Honduras El
Salvador
I'm sava door and Guatemala leave behind
a myriad of stories I Nathan came to
homeless plague of armed violence
starkly sexual Americans have tended to
migrate for economic reasons since the
end of the internal armed conflicts in
El Salvador Guatemala and Nicaragua
one day I'll spend a whole stream
learning how to roll my arse okay
Nicaragua which together displaced
almost killing people in items 1980s
thousand Central Americans traveled the
u.s. to escape economically I was here
and I worked when States your Linkedin
anything was gnarly thousand he was I
recognize every day's Michael is very
different seeking to pursue the American
dream in the US was sent home come
hundred dollars each month to their
family but the crooks wait hold on hey
Gonzalez is a this is a Spanish person
chat right the guy that links the case
shut all the time he says that people
are saying you only roll double ours I'm
like 99% that's not true I feel like at
least in listening to my family I feel
like Spanish people roll or at least
Cubans roll every single are maybe some
of them not as much but they you roll
like pretty much every are
there's a hard roll and a soft roll like
I think even for Bella's last name I
think I've heard that name as wait I
don't know if that's public actually and
that has an R in the middle of it and
it's just a single R double ours are
different unless it's a person you roll
a dice
he isn't it a die see porfavor oh yeah
no that would know you would never roll
them at the end don't you roll him in
the middle his New York Times out as a
source versus a good New York Times the
New York Times and The Washington Post
generally put in good work are usually
like pretty reliable and CNN they hold
their people or at least from what I've
seen they hold their people very [ __ ]
accountable or portal for wait do they
roll their arse at the end of those
where it's no [ __ ] way
porfavor try to say my last name
Covarrubias or is it coke or is it
Rubeus ruh bias or bias no it's II but I
don't know what the accent is where it's
like Rico Rico are definitely rolled
just get a new tongue lol and porfavor
you do a little bit because you normally
roll straight if you have a portal for
war Oh a portal for boy like that right
but you wouldn't roll the end they are
at the end portal for war doubt that
Reuben wait Reuben Reuben
you wouldn't roll Reuben would you [ __ ]
I had an uncle named Reuben would do you
roll his name uncle Ruben do you would
you say that Reuben Reuben I don't know
no I don't think I don't know okay I'll
go spend more time in [ __ ] highly I
guess
Ruben Ruben Ruben Ruben okay I'm done
we're done we're done with this
conversation
this is not relevant to what we're doing
it's early sexual Americans have tended
my way for economic reasons and okay
people seeking refugee status for
economic reasons probably not good right
I think we can all agree that that's
probably you probably shouldn't be
seeking refugee status for that probably
not our seeking asylum
today's panel is very different a little
blue the previous policy could be
extreme insecurity home country yeah us
devotees approve the illegal immigration
reform and immigration responsibility we
led to depression 10,000 some convict
criminals to Central American early
2000s this in turn led to the expansion
ok wait well hold on if we deport
criminals to another country because
they were here illegally and then they
are in committing crime in that country
I mean is that really on us I mean like
what are we supposed to this intern
ladies finishing games like I'm Mara
side of a saddle [ __ ] trucha
Mara Mara Salvatrucha ms-13 and 18th
Street game barrio barrio 18 how do you
say this Diez Ocho body Oh Diaz Ocho is
that how you say or is it don't say I
don't remember
I think it's own say isn't it originally
one of the OS across out of Salvador
Guatemala and Honduras
the region civil wars left fine tens of
this is the real racism are you really
human I don't even remember I won't say
is 11 own say Doce Trece Godoy say Keane
say the SE says the si si si it's got to
be that right yes he 18 in Spanish the
sec I see Ocho yeah [ __ ] off
look at the ad over the codes hold on
one second
[Music]
okay The Regent civil war is left by
antenna that was young people from
Brooklyn family is that real lighting a
moment's policies are masters greater
the new Ahmad says to his gang problem
so if I see news they talk about man
ah a philosophy conversation will be
very interesting how do you justify not
caring about people from other countries
I want to know what the moral framework
is of somebody not the moral framework I
guess but the moral foundations are of
somebody
what would the I mean we could probably
figure it out right how would somebody
like steven crowder do it he would say
you should have a care for all people
however you can't reasonably care for
the entire world and then at some point
he would have to make the concession you
should prioritize care for your people
in your country over foreign peoples if
taking in foreign people this is going
to hurt your own people then that should
be avoided would probably be the
argument right and then he would say and
then you would make the counter-argument
well if we can suffer a little bit of
economic disparity or a little bit of
economic displacement in order to take
in some people to literally save their
lives at some point wouldn't you have to
make a concession there we can make
hypotheticals that where he would be
forced to concede so for instance if we
could accept ten million people at no
economic detriment to the US and save
all of their lives
would we do so I think he would probably
say yes to that otherwise he would have
to otherwise who would force him to step
back and reconstruct his ethical system
right he would ever say okay well no
hold on ID actually don't give a [ __ ]
about people outside of our country and
I don't think he would say that so he
would say okay well yeah no cost but
then he would say but the problem is
illegal immigrants have or illegal
immigrants where asylum seekers have a
great cost to the United States that
would be and then the argument would
become well what is the cost of taking
in an asylum seeker which is a fair
argument right that would be
but okay interesting which I feel like
would be a really hard argument refugee
crime rates United States are aren't
they insanely [ __ ] low not immigrant
but refugee
I don't know what bustle is I don't try
recently signed an executive order
temporarily preventing people from se7en
Melissa majority kind I know that of I
think we have about 800,000 Muslim
refugees here card our role is when the
word starts with an hour when the word
has double our soft roll otherwise
por favor is soft roll however um [ __ ]
what was I just saying oh I've liked the
800,000 Syrian refugees this is just
Syrian or it or Muslim refugees no no I
think it's Muslim refugees we've taken
in I think only one of them was
implicated in a terrorist attack and
that was via the FBI baiting some
[ __ ] and you're trying to send
weapons to Iraq
they're like Tennessee or some [ __ ]
the Cato Institute reports it no wonder
many icky Cato Institute is a very
libertarian leaning so they're always
gonna be super Pro immigration just
careful of that that's not to say that
all of the research is wrong but I just
refugees but no one at all has killed
anyone in a terrorist attack on US soil
in the past 40 years lost somewhere
Republican Jeff Sessions published a
list of any real committed terror cases
a 9/11 or the 580 cases mentioned
section at least thrown at 80 were
foreign-born the u.s. Cato Institute
point out however that not all the
conviction on the list pertain to
terrorism not all terrorists pretend to
instigate soil so given the pervious
alternative for 85,000 refugees and
asylum seekers entered the u.s. in
fiscal year 2016
are you sure 800 K sounds like way too
many how many refugees are in the United
States
I thought the numbers like seven hundred
eighty-five thousand or something am I
wrong
I could be wrong on that
about three million refugees have been
resettled in the US since Congress
passed orig a Act of 1980 and I think
about I think might 800,000 of them are
our most Psalms aren't they [ __ ] I wish
I could remember I got this number from
refugees are a fiscal benefit to the
u.s. I mean I would imagine like a
Syrian refugee is probably going to be a
big gain to the country right because
these generally are decently educated
people that are you know fleeing war and
should not just coming because they have
no skills or talents or some show
fiscal cost of refugees aged 18 to 45
years since arrival tax was paid ooh
this is only this the key moment has
only the fiscal impact not the economic
impact either well the economic impact
is almost for sure gonna be completely
positive right
driving up labor driving up consumer
demand
interesting
okay sorry here is the data you asked
for a long time ago
what does legal immigration mostly occur
what this was not my question
Oh how do people get here Oh from a long
time ago visa overstays continue to
outpace border apprehensions and fiscal
2017 the number of merit overstay their
visas was doubled on every people cart
ride across the US Mexican border this
is data that we already know right we've
learned that okay we should probably
like oh my god I'm always so scared that
this is gonna like [ __ ] here's like
your dick a million times like some
stupid [ __ ]
okay we're good sorry wait right okay
take a note oh okay yeah we're good
title okay wait we'll just broadly call
this the wall you might get resources
public this is just my this is just my
Google keep all right I just keep I just
keep stuff in here
[Music]
okay wait we were originally asking this
because his claim was that that
shouldn't be who we're aiming to like
save if there will they be the refugees
not someone under and care of it so so
the question is can you resettle can you
be settled to the United States because
of gang violence for some families it's
too late to keep the kids away and I'll
saw the door with her around sixty or
thousand active gang members the social
support base of half a million people
boys from twelve years up or prime
targets for cream and girls can also get
an early age either to be sexually
abused we can gain members the eventual
fate of a girl whether she is left alone
her us engineering or forced becoming a
sex slave depends entirely on the local
leaders or pala pala broke bread crows
bread rose pala pala Barret who run the
local cells or clickers cliques of the
two largest gangs ms-13 and barrio yeseo
Joe is that really what they say Mario
Bossi own the SEO Joe the recruitment
process is gradual and lasts from a
couple months to a few years I could
start with a present from local gangs
when sports were invitation to come to a
party at Casa loca literally madhouse
with sex workers included they
technically don't qualify as a
persecutor group under the criteria a
big debate in courts is if women fling
Temescal on should be should being a
woman artist or group okay interesting
this would be an interesting ethical
discussion as well if somebody is
fleeing their country and coming to our
country due to gang violence should we
grant asylum to those people why or why
not I would love to hear somebody at
like a conservative say yes I know to
that question if they say no because
refugees tend to be a big detriment to
the country then you would have to get
into an argument over the specifics I
guess is there a link between refugee ok
new American economy research fun
what is the new American economy hold on
is a coalition of business leaders in
Mary's launched by Michael Bloomberg and
Rutger and Rupert Murdoch to influence
public opinion politics towards
comprehensive immigration reform and a
evil NAB Ramirez will enable mayors and
CEOs to demonstrate to policy makers
about a role of immigrants plays in our
economy publishing studies got a poll
gotcha so basically they talk about
immigration law okay it's a mistake to
talk about we already have international
agreements it's regression to talk about
why we took refugees just like it's
regressive talk about why black people
should be slaves well wait no no because
this isn't right now right this is
something that's being contested as
whether or not we should take a refugee
because they're being displaced by gang
violence that legitimate or is that
right to examine this issue we used
recently data from the u.s. process
Johnson he's a US v of the most refugees
relative to the size their population
like what happened about the overall
crime rates over the same time period
using detailed data available in federal
roads you know this real de telling
pattern rather than crime increasing
nine out of ten of the communities
actually became considerably more safe
both in terms of their levels of violent
and property crime
so people are resettled in an area and
that area commits less crime surely the
study would take into account crime per
capita right destiny he is wrong oh the
guy in chat that was just might write
this inclusive is like Southfield
Michigan okay knee just said it right
where violent crime dropped by 77.1%
Decatur Georgia comedian said Atlanta
experienced a sixty two point six
percent decline in violent crime percent
change in violent crime or a percent
change in property crime rate percent
change in violent but this isn't enough
data we would need to know the
percentage that it increased right like
or would we if a hundred people were
living somewhere and I brought in 10,000
refugees and the violent crime rate had
a percentage decrease no no I guess if
these are measuring it as an overall
percentage of the population of there's
a decrease then that would say that the
newly incoming population is committing
less crime right this this is enough
data for this it says relative to size
oh it would have to be a bit something
about a ten percentage is right
okay okay wait holla
also this is checking violent and
property crime maybe there are other
types of crimes that increase I guess if
we ever try to dig for other stuff but
button check I mean it's an experience
to use as the hill indicates there's one
city west springfield massachusetts it's
on increase in crime between 2006 and
2013 that city in the sorting area
however was also another trend that's
where because many were arriving opioid
epidemic numerous news articles tied
drug related gangs to rice and violence
in that area some time was already well
in a way before the most recent if I was
leading I read something for his
earliest 2005
what is the Iza Institute of labor
economics okay we'll just I'll bite the
conclusion of this all Changsha I'm
sorry we're background yet on the cities
we study as well as some basic resettle
there as the figure demonstrates all the
cities including the smallest ones drove
a two thousand more extreme than having
these refuse were for my range countries
getting Burma Somalia and Iraq Jesus
these cities resettled so many [ __ ]
people holy [ __ ]
why how do these cities end up doing
this is there like a big federal subsidy
for it or
hmm okay
are these the most impacted
okay
Glendale California was on that top 10
so this yeah that's where I live
okay at refugee settlements areas more
prone to crime just give me a God give
me a goddamn conclusion ain't got time
refugee flows are in the world had been
on the rise in response to greatness and
I'm sorry she had to welcome the welcome
to refuse is very dry in the United
States going Kristen Dalton expressed
concerns about the impact on public
setting the possibility of me when I'm
terren crime and the study we attempt to
take a first on assessing if there
empirical Odinson to that end we use
city level data mapped onto county level
data from the refugee processing side of
the bureau populations the analysis
would explore it exploits the
geographical temporal variation of the
distribution ordinary little rubber
because not sometimes new impact on
local crime rates qualitatively similar
results are obtained when we limit our
analysis to refugees from the seven
banned countries listed in president
Trump's original January 27th 2017
executive order checking the name oh
[ __ ]
refugees are carefully screened again
highly like that individuals predisposed
chemical past wedding process
furthermore refugees are managed
dispensing agencies who try them with
services to for the integration of the
job market Kershaw conservative argument
against that is that a sound policies
were created to address at World War two
situation of denying Jews asylums and
it's not applicable to economic domestic
violence well but like the thing is is
it like well here because the okay so
the first of all I'm a more nihilist
okay so if I really wanted to I say [ __ ]
it but these people present themselves
as good people and they see themselves
as good people I don't see myself I'm
gonna fight about the [ __ ] okay but if
steven crowder sees myself especially as
a Christian okay somebody who is morally
virtuous I mean he's righteous and I if
I can demonstrate to somebody like hey
look we take in refugees they have no
net drain on the economy they have a
positive impact fiscally and on the
economy and we prevent them from
suffering or enduring further violence
how the [ __ ] can you say no keep this
person out like on what moral ground can
you stand on to um to say that man i
that feels like you would have to go
back and you would have to change one of
your rules one of your like one of your
like foundational moral beliefs like it
would have to change from like all human
life is worthy of protection or
something into something like into
something like like only cut life from
from your nation or like only people
from your nation there's like a there's
like a tier class of like people that
you care about like America first and
then other people are kind of like
similar to animals right
uh-huh
isn't the US has involvement in
overthrowing Latin American governments
relevant to UM too much history I've
heard them I would want to do that I
would want to go into that [ __ ] like
we've already demonstrated like when
we're at the point where we're saying
like all Muslims in the Middle East kill
all Christians in the Middle East like
or even a lot like and I feel like we're
already past like any kind of
conversation like that I'd rather do
something like the thing is is that like
I like to look for simple arguments that
are very airtight and very easy to
defend right like I feel like if I can
present an argument to you where it's
like hey listen people come here they
can help the economy and we're saving
their lives why don't you want to do
that like I feel like the onus is on you
to make a very very evil argument like
you have to do something that is far
outside the boundaries of what you
should be morally comfortable doing more
aged Muslim males were taking it
interesting I don't think that would be
who that that shouldn't be who we're
aiming to like save if they're well they
be the refugee not someone in a Honduran
Caravan so how do we disagree on
execution how would you you agree that
we need to enforce our current
immigration laws you agree that we need
a strong border I think [ __ ] that [ __ ]
enforcing well people that stand by that
rule of law shut some laws are good some
laws are [ __ ] [ __ ] if the law should
[ __ ] change it don't don't be married
to a [ __ ] law laws or laws are ideas
and laws our laws are not like the
foundation of which we build our
morality right morality is the
foundation on which we build our laws
and if our morality our values change
over time then the laws need to change
to reflect that I would never appeal I
don't think I would ever appeal to the
law I mean I guess like [ __ ] his ex
kills me who he is okay
I guess you could you could appeal to
the concept of rule of law right
although I think that that's a harder
argument to defend because just because
you let rule of law fail in some ways
doesn't mean that you let all rule of
law fail right and the example that I
would say because that's what excuse can
say excuse me to say okay well destiny
or Steven if you want to have a country
you need to have some laws right even in
my moral system laws are an essential
cornerstone of my moral system because I
need to enact I need to enforce other
people to act in ways that's
advantageous to me right so we have laws
against murder laws against thieving etc
and then the argument would be well you
have to have some laws in your country
so we do have a country of laws and you
must respect the role of law otherwise
everything falls apart but I think my I
think my response to that would be
something akin to like not all laws are
created equal and as their times as I
values change over time like some laws
can be just discarded disregarded and
then hopefully eventually changed so for
instance things related to marijuana
things like speeding things like gay
marriage right that these are laws that
we disagree with and then we kind of
civilly disobey them and then we
disagree then we change them over time
and I would argue that like our
immigration has caught up to that point
haven't you already stated you agree
with enforcing immigration laws though
well okay it kind of so it that means
everything's different people if like
enforcing immigration laws if some of
the laws are good is probably good but
sometimes no people say we should
enforce the laws on the book you're like
oh yeah I agree we should enforce always
like okay we need to de Bourgh it we
need to deport all 39 people - whoa hold
on wait cuz I don't know if tech because
technically we could somebody could say
that right well that's been a force all
eyes means we need to deport every
single leg limburger's like that's not
realistic that's never gonna [ __ ]
happen it would be huge shitshow would
be a [ __ ] disaster like it's not
gonna [ __ ] it right right so I don't I
don't if that's did you mean by like
enforcing the laws then like not really
it's kind of them I mean generally I
mean generally I'm always in favor of
enforcing the laws if the laws reflect
what I agree with but if the laws don't
reflect what I believe in then I don't
really care about so I guess so again I
guess I never I guess preemie person I
never really consider a law in terms of
like what I want to do or not want to do
it's more like this is comfort would
like my moral sense and then how much
trouble am I gonna go for doing
[Music]
okay sorry let me keep going okay so
that system is very very weak in that we
don't it's not stacked enough there's
not enough money going in my great thing
to take because it's backed up like
years and years and it's very difficult
to immigrate here illegally so if you
are in a bind to say your uncle is about
to get murdered by the Mexican drug
cartels you're desperate and you look at
this situation that you don't have the
ability to come here on your own or at
least they have the thought process that
they can't because it's so good although
I'm actually I really like for some
reason conservatives think they like
claimed Martin Luther King so being able
to ever being able to ever use Martin
Luther King quotes is really funny god
damn it this guy wrote so much [ __ ]
[ __ ] this is why [ __ ] civil rights
took so long god damn it
My dear fellow I gotta do that does that
count you know you can do blackface can
you do black voice can you do mark MLK
voice probably not My dear fellow
clergymen welcome find here the remains
to jail or I'm sorry yeah Birmingham
City Jail I came across your recent
statement calling my present activities
unwise and untimely seldom do I pause
answer criticism I work on ideas if I
start to answer all the criticisms
across my desk my secretaries would have
little time for anything other than such
correspondence the course of the day see
this why don't respond your emails guys
all you do is [ __ ] [ __ ] on me all day
I ain't got time for that [ __ ]
either hell yeah I have no time to
stream any video games so since I feel
you are men of genuine goodwill and that
your subreddit posts are decently worded
I will try to answer your statements
what I hope will be patient and
reasonable at least as much as a YouTube
video can be [ __ ] got him I think I
shouldn't hey why I'm here in Birmingham
since you have been influenced by the
views which argues against Outsiders
coming in I hope I have the honor of
serving as president of Southern
Christian Leadership Conference an
organization operating in every southern
state holy [ __ ] how much are we gonna do
here this is a Hasan answer right now
with headquarters in Atlanta Georgia we
have some 80 85 affiliate organizations
across the South one of them the Alabama
Christian movement for Human Rights
frequently we share staff educational
financial resources with our affiliates
at several months ago
if you feel being here SS be on call to
engage in a non-violent direct action
program with such when deemed necessary
we readily can send it with our cane we
lived it promise so I along with summers
my staffing here because I was invited
here I'm here because I've organized
real ties here but more basically I'm in
Birmingham because injustice is here
just as the prophets of the eighth
century BC left their villages carried
it their thus saith the Lord far beyond
the boundaries of their hometowns just
as the Apostle Paul of his village of
Tarsus and carry the gospel of Jesus
Christ the far corners of the
greco-roman world
so am i compelled to carry the gospel
freedom beyond my own hometown like Paul
I must constantly respond to the
Macedonian call for aid moreover I am
cognizant of the interrelatedness of all
communities in states I kind of set I
lay by an Atlanta and not be concerned
about what happens in Birmingham
injustice anywhere is a threat to
justice everywhere we are caught in an
inescapable network of mutuality tied in
a single garment of destiny whatever
affects one directly affects all
indirectly this basically reads like a
Trump speech I think they're about as
well-spoken as one another
never again can we afford to live with
the narrow eventual outside agitator
idea anyone who lives in the United
States can never be considered an
outsider anywhere within its bounds you
deploy the demonstrations taking place
in Birmingham but your statement I'm
sorry to say it fails to express a
similar concern to the gradations that
brought about the death
stray shion's I'm sure that none of you
would want to rest contemp with a
superficial kind of social analysis it
deals merely with effects and doesn't
grab with underlying causes it is a just
get married black people where is Sargon
at boy it's unfortunate that
demonstrations didn't blaze Birmingham
but even more unfortunate than cities
white power structure let the negra
committee with an alternative oh that's
kind of racist he needs to update his
language we say the colored community
now and any nonviolent campaign there
are four I'm just kidding
african-american community any
nonviolent campaign there are four basic
steps wait actually you don't nag row am
colored are both equally not used
anymore ever right like it would just be
african-american both of the both Negro
and colored are considered at least in
the United States are considered like
offensive terms okay and any nonviolent
campaign there are four basic steps
well what about Caucasoid never had
anybody say that okay I don't think I've
heard I don't think black is um I don't
think destiny I use color don't say
colored you shouldn't say colored that
like you can only get away with saying
colored or not being explicitly labeled
racist if you're like [ __ ] seventy
years old yeah
everyone cell bombings uh collection oh
and any nightly therefore basic steps
collection of the facts determine
whether interests exist negotiation self
purification and direct action we've
gone through all these steps in
Birmingham they can be no gainsaying the
fact that racial injustice engulfs his
community Birmingham is probably most
thoroughly segregated sit in the u.s. is
ugly history brutalities widely known
Negri's have experience grossly I'm just
driven to the courts there have been
more on cell bombings of Negro homes and
churches and Birmingham than any other
city in the nation these are the hard
brutal affects the case on the basis of
these conditions negra leader start
doesn't negotiate with see fathers but
the latter consistently refused to
engage in good-faith negotiations then
last September can the opportunity talk
eluded Birmingham Economic Community and
of course from the negotiation certain
promises were made by the merchants for
example to remove the story simulating
racial science on the basis of these
promises the Reverend Fred Shuttlesworth
and the leaders the Alabama Christian
movement for human rights agreed to a
moratorium on all demonstrations as the
weeks and months went by we realized
that we were the victims of a broken
promise a few signs briefly removed
returned neighbors remain as so so many
of our past experiences our hopes have
been blast in the shadow of deployments
of upon us we had no alternative except
to prepare for direct action whereby we
would present our very bodies as means
of laying our case for the conscious of
the local international community
mindful of difficulties involved we
decide to undertake a process of self
purification we began a series of
workshops on non-violence and we
repeatedly asked ourselves are you able
to accept those that retaliating are you
able to endure the ordeal of jail we
decided to schedule a direct action
program to Easter session realizing that
except for Christmas is the main
shopping period of the year
knowing that a strong economic withdraw
program would be the bottom would be the
byproduct of direct action we felt this
would be the best time to bring pressure
to bear on the merchants for the needed
change then it occurred to us that
Birmingham's mayoral election was coming
up in March and we speedily decided to
postpone action until after election day
when we discovered the Commissioner of
Public Safety Eugene Bull Connor had
piled up enough votes being the runoff
we decided again to postpone action to
the day after the runoff so the
demonstrations could be used to cloudy
issues could not be used to clog the
issues like many others who waited to
see mr. Connor defeated to this end we
endured postponement after postponement
have an aided in this community having
aided in this community need we felt
that a direct - program no longer be
delayed you may well ask why direct
action why sinha's marches and so forth
is a negotiation about a path you were
quite right and calling for negotiation
and to you this is the very purpose of
direct action non-violent direct action
seeks to create such a crisis and foster
such attention that a community which
has constantly refused to negotiate was
forced to confront the issue it seeks so
to dramatize the issues
no long in the ignorin sounds like
sounds like holding a budget hostage for
the wall maybe MLK was a trump supporter
why said in the creation of tension as
part of the work the nonviolent register
may sound rather shocking but I must
confess that I'm not afraid of the word
tension I've earned opposed violent
attention but there's a type of
constructive nonviolent tension which is
necessary for growth just as Socrates
felt that it was necessary to create a
tension in the mind so that individuals
could rise from the bondage of myths and
half-truths to the unfettered realm of
creative analysis and objective
appraisal so much we see the need for
non-violent gadd gadflies to create the
gadflies god flees to create the tension
of a society in which will help men rise
from the dark depths of prejudice and
racism to the majestic heights of
understanding in brotherhood the purpose
of our direct action program is create a
situation so crisis pactum inevitably be
open to a negotiation I've ever could
heard the okanagan chilling isn't is
this really gonna tell us anything that
was related what we were talking about
this is a lot of [ __ ] [ __ ] never
before have I written such so long a
letter [ __ ] man well why the [ __ ] is
this one we had to read I feel like this
is not related to what we were going
over at all
get to the part about negative peace
we've already seen this ship okay this
is not related to this [ __ ] off god damn
it hold on let me get a drink of water
actually here have commercials hey if
you don't want to see commercials guys
smash that goddamn [ __ ] sub button
okay get on it if you don't want to see
these commercials otherwise suffer it
bear it
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
okay stop sobbing now we're done
difficult and there's no there's no like
fast way to do it I think we definitely
need to navigate to know what happening
some wall like I can understand a fence
that's fine
like the twenty billion dollar wall is
words why I don't understand the
difference been a fence in a wall the
problem is one is racist and when it's
okay it's still a drop in the bucket and
offense is not that much cheaper but
okay I'm a drop in the bucket is not a
valid way to hand-wave that argument I
mean theoretically what to do everything
with our federal budget can be a drop in
the bucket if that's how you want to go
right like I mean we say fifteen billion
dollars for a wall is a drop in the
bucket but I mean like that fifteen
billion dollars could go towards a lot
of [ __ ] [ __ ] like I feel like fifteen
billion dollars is probably more than
enough to like redesign the entire
[ __ ] infrastructure of like Flint's
the entire water system whatever right
like that fifteen billion dollars it
could be a lot of money to like a lot of
different [ __ ] things you know well
the most generous estimates have a wall
at about twenty billion dollars and
really right now what they're talking
about is five billion dollars people on
it which Democrats have already agreed
to one point something billion or give
my rounding yes and of course they
supported building some kind of a
barrier keep in mind that this is only
for initial construction of the wall and
it doesn't include like ongoing
maintenance as well I mean like well we
can actually well that's actually let's
look this up okay how much would the
wall cost I think I think what's
interesting is that I in principle
support open borders but believe we
can't have it because of our welfare
state you're a social democrat support
massive welfare but are often defending
illegal immigration and making it easy
to immigrate i feel like you have to
agree with strong border security if
you're going to be a sock them then well
ok firstly the welfare state in america
is not that great I'm and I'm pretty
sure that's evidenced by the fact that
immigrants are still seen
as as a fiscal it's either a net wash or
a slight boon is what I've seen for
research related to immigrants United
States I don't think our welfare state
is that great but then secondly I mean
you could also discourage that by making
welfare contingent upon some number of
years of being a citizen right that
would be pretty easy
like even if you wanted to have a huge
welfare state it's like okay yeah we've
got a big even if it was if we expanded
it means like oh we got a big welfare
state however even order in order to
qualify for that welfare state you
either have to be a citizen or you have
to have immigrated and been here for
some number of years that we would see
is like financially doable right
something like that like I feel like
those are pretty easy things to weasel
out of or I shouldn't say ways a lot of
but easily things to wiggle around like
you should control if unjust laws oh
[ __ ] hold on oh this is a good quote
okay hold on
congratulations you just invented
means-testing marry do with most welfare
like requiring Social Security well
Social Security is means-tested but our
other I don't know if others are not I
guess I really don't know why should to
say I'm not sure
look at Democrat cities they're very
rich or ghetto no in-between yeah but I
feel like that has less to do with
policies and more to do with culture
like Democrats have a certain culture
and Republicans have a certain culture
and I don't know and then like your
policies like come from that kind of
like for instance like it's very very
[ __ ] hard to be around certain to be
around groups of people and then to
demonize those groups of people like I
think you would have it's depending on
how you get around it like it for
instance if you spend up to a lot of
time like living and working in a place
like San Francisco or in a place like
New York City or in a place like you
know Los Angeles or whatever like in
these places you see tons of emphasizing
people your your views of like black
people or Asian people or women is gonna
be a lot different than if you live in
like Nebraska or Iowa where it's like I
don't even [ __ ] know if I see a black
person every day like that's like a
that's like a [ __ ] shooting star
event you know like you see a black
person across the street and you make a
wish or whatever like these are very
very very different the way that you
view people's gonna be way different and
it seems like you get like very
different and like I guess I would
appeal to data unlike when you break
down like how voters you know work for
especially in the Republican election
how a lot of it is tailored along like
city lines versus state line or versus
like role lines and whatnot and it seems
like there's just like different
cultures that get heavily associated
being a Democrat or Republican just by
virtue of what everybody sees you know
Destinee that's reverse causation the
segregation is not a consequence of the
liberal well I don't know if I could
establish causation because doing that
socially or sociologically or
psychologically is very hard but um
aren't there like isn't this like a
well-established thing and in Psych
where like the more time you spend
around like a person of color the less
likely you are to view them negatively
is I feel like this is something that's
been like pretty drawn-out [ __ ] I should
have we'll save these studies
[Music]
what would I even look for to find
something like this
can you be racist spend time less racist
more exposure
why does social dominance orientation
decrease university exposure so
hopefully erases some experienced
colleagues exposure to HIV agent reckon
zone
examining the consequences of exposure
to racism for the executive function of
black students holy [ __ ]
Journal of experimental social psych
researchers demonstrated that
interracial interactions reminders of
stigmatized identities and exposure to
ambiguous races we can do believe the
self control resource of minority group
members in this current study we examine
with her during blatant racism expressed
and an interracial conducts would
deplete the so controlled by
participants and whether this depletion
would be moderated by participants level
of racial center centrality I've been
listening to a black or white
confederate express either support for
racial profiling or increased campus
parking fees races condition or neutral
condition black participants completed a
Stroup color naming task to assess
self-control depletion participant is
gray instead of subsequently shambhala
nourish regardless of whether the
vehicles were racist as expected however
racial centrality moderated the
depletion effect no racing was evolved
with participants higher in centrality
showing greater depletion following an
encounter interesting okay sorry with
the are these shrimp tests good well i
guess if they're seeing differences in
the test right but okay sorry alright
near exposure and racial prejudice
exposure to other races faces increases
liking for strangers of that race while
participants were exposed to other race
or own race faces to DES to generalize
mere-exposure hypothesis in the domain
of face perception namely exposure to a
set of faces heels increasing like in
four similar faces that have never been
seen an experiment one rapid several
Imel exposures super a liminal rapid
superluminal exposure to Asian faces
increased white participants subsequent
liking for a different set of Asian
faces I'm experiment to subliminal
exposure to black face and increase
whites just my son Quinton at subsequent
lighting for a difference in a black
faces the findings are consistent with
prominent explanations from your
exposure effects as well as with the
familiar face over generalization
hypothesis of prejudice derives in part
from negative reactions to faces that
deviate from the familiar own race
prototype
interesting okay sorry all right we
don't care what this or I'm like I'm
pretty sure that's true I'll find like
better studies so that I can just like
my shingle is not later but I'm like
pretty sure that's true okay
our white people naturally negatively
bias towards people of color I'm pretty
sure the idea is that the more time you
spend around other people like that look
different than you the more comfortable
you will be with those people I'm pretty
sure that's generally the way that it
goes and then if you spend like very
little time around people that look
different than you that you will have
you'll be a lot more tribalistic I guess
away from those people is my is my
general understanding of it destinies
get lighting like this
she's like [ __ ] taking up the entire
[ __ ] camera I can't say anything it's
called implicit bias
oh hello boobs
this lighting is pretty good I think
right what would como city say say she
has the three-point lighting going on
right you can tell I think she's got our
main light here and she's got her Phil
over here and then she's got this nice
this kind of like subtle thing in the
back you can see like the shadow coming
off the whatever [ __ ] lampshade I
think oh my city si would approve the
shot of the lighting effect on the bed
is good right maybe okay we're done with
listen okay the orange tent yeah it
looks really nice okay so
oh yeah it's a chatter base frame so I
can't show this instrument okay we've
waited for more than 30 or 40 years
we're a constitutional god-given rights
the nations of Asia and Africa are
moving the jet like speed towards
getting political independence but we
still creep at horse-and-buggy pace
towards getting a cup of coffee at a
lunch counter perhaps it is easy for
those who've never felt the stinging
darts of segregation to say wait when
you've seen the vicious mobs lunch your
mothers and fathers at will and drown
your sisters and brothers at whim when
you've seen such hate-filled policemen
curse kick and even kill your black
brothers and sisters when you see the
vast majority of your twenty million
negra brothers smothering in an airtight
cage of poverty in the midst of an
affluent society when you suddenly find
your tongue twisted and your speech
stammering as you seek to explain your
six-year-old daughter why she can't go
to the public amusement park that has
just been advertised on television and
see tears welling up in your eyes when
she's told that fun town is closed to
colored children and see ominous clouds
of inferiority beginning to form in her
little mental sky and so you're
beginning to distort her personality by
developing an unconscious bitterness
towards white people when you have to
correct or concoct an answer for a
five-year-old son who's asking daddy why
do white people treat colored people so
mean when you take a cross-country
divided club when you take a
cross-country Drive and find it
necessary to sleep night after night in
the uncomfortable corners of your
automobile because no Motel will accept
you when your hem elated day in and day
out by nagging signs reading white and
colleague when your first name becomes
your middle name becomes boy however old
you're on your last night because of
jahan and your wife and mother are never
given the respective titles missus when
you are harried by day and haunted by
night by the fact that you're a negro
living constantly at tiptoe stance
never quite knowing what to expect next
and are plagued with interferes and
outer resentments when you are forever
fighting a degenerating sense of nobody
knows then you'll understand why we find
it difficult to wait there comes a time
when the cup of endurance runs over and
men are no longer willing to be plunged
in the abyss of despair
I hope sirs you can understand our
legitimate unavoidable impatience you
express a great deal of anxiety over our
willingness break laws this is certainly
a legitimate
since we so diligently urge people to
obey the Supreme Court's decision of
1954 outlawing segregation of the public
schools at first glance it may seem
rather paradoxical for us to consciously
break laws one may well ask how can you
advocate breaking some laws and obeying
others the answer lies in the fact that
there are two types of laws just and
unjust I would be the first to advocate
obeying just laws one has not only
illegal but a moral responsibility to
obey just laws conversely when is the
moral responsibility to disobey unjust
laws I would agree with st. Augustine
that an unjust law is no law at all
that's why I speed boys [ __ ] 55 on
five-lane [ __ ] interstates that is
some unjust extortionary [ __ ] ok
[ __ ] California Highway Patrol [ __ ] this
[ __ ]
55 is not how we drive ok now what's the
difference cream the - how does one
determine whether our laws just were
unjust
adjust a lot as a man-made code that
squares for the moral law or the law of
God being a moral realist oh my god MLK
what were you thinking what were you
thinking how does one determine whether
a law is fair and just adjust laws
man-made code that squares with the
moral law or the law of got it unjust
law he's basically saying so if I try to
like take if I tried to take his wording
and like fit it into my framework he's
basically saying like Oh a good law is a
law that is derived from or lines up
squarely with our underlying moral value
as a society right an unjust law is a
code that is out of harmony with moral
law but in the terms of st. Thomas
Aquinas Aquinas a kindness akina's
Aquinas I think it's Aquinas achiness I
don't remember and unjust law is a human
law that is not rooted in eternal law
and natural law any law that uplifts
human personality is just any law that
degrades human personality is unjust all
segregation statutes are unjust because
segregation distorts the soul and
damages the personality it gives the
segregate or a false sense of
superiority and the segregated a false
sense of and the segregated a false
sense of inferiority segregation to use
the terminology Jewish philosopher
Martin Buber
substitutes an I it relationship for an
aye thou relationship and it's a
relegating persons to the status of
things and segregation is not only
politically economically in social
sociological understand it was morally
wrong and sinful Paul Tillich has said
that sin a separation
let us consider a more concrete example
of a just and unjust laws and unjust law
is a code that a numerical or a power
majority group repels a minority group
to obey but does not make binding on
itself this is a difference made legal
by the same token they just law is a
code that a majority compels them in
order to follow and that is willing to
follow itself
this is sameness made legal let me give
another explanation a law is unjust but
it's inflicted on a minority that as a
result of being denied the right to vote
we had no part in enacting or devising
the law who can say that the legislature
of Alabama which set up the state
segregation laws was democratically
elected throughout Alabama all sorts of
devious methods are used to prevent
Negroes from becoming registered voters
and there are some counties in which
even though Negros constitute a majority
the population at a single Negro is
registered can any law an action or some
sort of democratically structured okay
welljust we can use this at some point
the less racist way to say it is Negro
the Negro man the Negro man negro
[Music]
hi smiley face hi
that is not the less racist way to say
it okay I don't know
you gotta check these guys out
Oh musical stuff that's cute oh wait
hold on
como se da hold on have I learned okay
so for this stream the lens the
millimeter of the lens seems to be
appropriate right because the framing is
good however the aperture is set to
narrow the number is too low right the
aperture needs to be opened a little to
create less depth of field so that he's
not blurry in the background is that
correct
or is that the aperture is too wide and
it needs to be narrowed Como cities is
the only person I trust in here to
answer these questions if you want the
guy in focus shirt it's true okay so if
I if I have if I was running this camera
and I wanted the guy to be in focus as
well then I would need to take the
aperture and I would need to make the
aperture smaller so that he becomes info
cuz a wider aperture means greater depth
of field or his lower aperture greater
depth of field it's narrow dusty had it
right the first time okay so if I make
the aperture lower than that would lower
aperture means less light in means
greater depth of field no they are
backwards if you stop wait am I correct
como si do you say I'm gonna ban you if
you're saying wrong [ __ ] correct destiny
bigger f-number is a smaller aperture oh
wait okay hold on so big as f goes up
aperture decreases bigger F number
smaller aperture greater depth of field
is that correct were those relations
correct lower aperture is more light
higher aperture is less light more blur
for low aperture more blur lower okay
right okay the last one was correct what
I just said on the last name is correct
wait
right
Oh God
oh let's listen way these guys are 7,000
beers they don't need my [ __ ] help
[ __ ] off okay if it helps you
theoretically an infinitely small
aperture would make everything in focus
[Music]
wait but this guy just said along the
roster I seem only have spurts of hyper
focused editing but besides those
moments I can't seem to focus I've had
this all my life but managed to get
around it with cramming think adderall
would be smarter just a crutch I know I
can't prescribe you at all I don't know
dude [ __ ] talk to a doctor to him
okay
lower number larger aperture that's
correct right lower number larger
aperture if we made our aperture
infinitely small so F infinity that
would mean that everything is in focus
but you're getting very little light oh
wait yeah that makes sense if you have
vision problems if you um that's why we
squint if you have a vision problem if
you make a very small hole in your hand
like this and you put it over your eye
you can actually read things farther
away than what you normally can write
because the reason well for depending on
your vision problem but a lot of vision
problems have we're basically related to
that your eye in the back is not able to
focus light but if you make it if you
make it very very small or have a
smaller aperture right which is what
this is the smaller aperture makes it so
that you can focus more and gives you
right makes it so you can read [ __ ] and
then if you have a larger aperture so
the number gets smaller a larger
aperture means that everything becomes
blurry because light is coming from
[ __ ] everywhere right right okay yeah
all right
that's not quite what happens when you
squint yeah maybe not I don't know if
squinting actually does that as much but
I know that the eye I know that the I
know that the small thing in your hand
will work that if you take something
that you can't normally read if you take
a very very small hole in your hand and
then you barely let in any light because
the light is coming at such a because
you're getting such a narrow band of
light into your eye your eye doesn't
have to focus as much so if you eye
sucks at focusing which is oftentimes
the reason why many glasses you have
better vision and that's effectively
making a very narrow aperture okay okay
all right I understand sorry cameras was
also something we were learning here
okay where are we at where are we at on
this okay sorry we were watching this
okay so why not just build the most
effective barrier possible but if we
just said okay McDonald from my barrier
can be partially fenced partially wall
depending on the topography you okay I
think so I just think that's the idea I
think the imposition beyond the wall I
think it should be maybe I can
understand like it peace of mind I
totally get that there's a fence between
me and the bad guys that's fine but I
think we should instead of putting all
of the money to 20 billion or the five
billion or the one point six whatever
it's not all the money it's very very
little our annual budget is four
trillion yeah hold on
what did he just cite what did you set
our annual budget as I don't think it's
fair to mix up the discretionary versus
the non-discretionary spending of the
United States hold on let me get the
actual numbers that we're talking
okay so our total budget is four
trillion dollars but our mandatory
spending so this includes Social
Security Medicare Medicaid and then
other so like unemployment compensation
federal 3 meals here at MIT sorry this
is MIT this has to happen what we don't
like I don't think we generally argue
about this without like massive reform
this is mandatory spending our
discretionary spending is like where we
choose to allocate our budget of that
discretionary spending 1.2 trillion
about half of that is spent on defense
and then we have about six hundred and
ten billion dollars I guess of money
that we play through every shot and then
obviously for spending bills we can
increase the amount of spending if we
want to excite our exert everybody I'm
sorry that for the four trillion I'm
being a little bit nitpicky but I mean
like he prepares with sources and [ __ ]
so like he should [ __ ] our annual
budget is four trillion yeah but I think
by doing that we're neglecting the fact
that we do have a broken system for
immigration yeah we do need to support
but the plan is actually to start
enforcing those laws that haven't been
enforced okay that's a big part of the
conference what is he mmm that's really
slippery that's really slippery
what does he mean by start enforcing the
laws that haven't been enforced that
feels very slippery I mean like we did
we turn people back at the wall right
Obama did I'm pretty sure in record
numbers let's just get up Tina okay um
why was Obama called DePorter in chief
Obama has deported more people than any
other president technically this number
alone doesn't mean anything it could be
that Obama deported the same or less
percentage-wise of people than other
presidents do either a change in policy
or because more people emigrated or try
to illegal immigrant about or other
under past administrations these are
possible I don't think either of these
are the case except there was some weird
change and how they turn people back at
the border I thought were they change
the way they account of the numbers I
have to look this up but um
timer turns immigration plan is set to
be announced later this week and a
previous commenting about how many
people been deported under Obama
President Barack Obama wait hold on
critically important why are you like me
of ferrets president Graham has been
referred to by immigration groups as the
DePorter in chief between 2009 to 2015
his administration has removed more than
2.5 million people through immigration
orders which doesn't include the number
of people who self deport it or return
away or were turned away and will return
to their home country at the border by
US Customs and Border Patrol okay okay
so this is 2.5 million people removed
through immigration orders what does
that mean removed through immigration or
like actually found and deported in the
u.s. 2.5 million people that's a [ __ ]
ton of people holy [ __ ]
that's a lot of [ __ ] people holy [ __ ]
over six years even over six years
that's a [ __ ] ton of people
how does he compare other presidents
according to governmental data the Obama
stood to burn more people than any other
president ministration in history in
fact they to put it more than the sum of
all presidents in the 20th century
President George Bush administration put
it just over two million during his time
in office Obama's numbers don't reflect
wait president george w bush's
administration put it just over two
million during his time in office and
Obama's numbers don't reflect his last
year in office for rich data is not yet
available when Obama directed used
immigration reform must focus on
criminals not families during his
November 2014 I say to action on
immigration O'Quinn ago said ice
continued increases focused on
identifying arrest removing okay so 91
percent 2.5 million is number deported
by demonstration 91% of deployed he's in
2015 previously convicted of a crime I
wonder what that crime means I'm just
right I think of this if this should be
an over that I like or not cuz like I
don't know I don't really give a
deporting people that like have like a
speeding ticket don't really care but
like if we're talking like people that
like we're doing like Violent Crimes or
property crimes I probably care a lot
more
um as a good
[Music]
you see Manuel because I know removals
by the priority-one rules
oh they may search me the first predator
national Katy parties getting a public
safety priority - oh ok priority -
includes misdemeanors and new
immigration violators that includes
alien scourge of three or more
misdemeanor offenses other than minor
traffic offense as well as those
convicted of domestic violence sexual
abuse burglary duis or drug trafficking
who's not being deportable the focus on
colonelcy admission has moved away from
those living and working years of a
criminal history felons not families
criminals not children gang members not
a mom who's working out of her very kids
will produce this actually sounds ok I
guess
well they try to provide relief in a way
out of the shadows for those with our
criminal histories with this immigrant
action that was eventually stricken down
by the Supreme Court not issuing
decision on the case they're right
holding the lower court's action by
refocusing our criminals most families
who are living well are not targets for
deportation what about Redskins mothers
children Part III folks and those who
arrived after January 1st 2014 the
administration's focus on many families
from sending their children on a company
on a dangerous trip emphasizing they
will be returned my name is Anning how
many showed my mother's hoof coming from
the northern triangle Carmen El Salvador
Honduras a most dangerous country in the
world
interesting okay sorry hold on
[ __ ] me okay do you care about us people
more than other people why would you
deport them so they can [ __ ] up the
other oh I don't I don't give a [ __ ]
about like I'm not a big like but that's
just me personally I just don't identify
strongly with like a country or a city
or state it's just not something I'm
very interested in that being said when
we talk about policy and [ __ ] we kind of
have to because we can only deliver
policy at levels of government in which
we have control over for instance if we
can't like right we can't have a
conversation just got my first ever
paycheck spreading the wealth because of
all the entertainment you've given me
nice thank you buddy
we can't have a conversation about like
let's do socialized health care between
all of North America right that doesn't
really make sense we could analyze
things to the lens of NAFTA maybe or
other multi multilateral is that a real
word unilateral versus multilateral
trade agreements I think that's a real
word
but yeah but like these kind of like
multi country trade agreements whatever
we could do it that way but
DePorter in chief or not Broncos I'm
departed by critics and we're gonna
write community even as a boy some force
advocates accuses demonstration being
soft on our migrants while perceptions a
crime with a brown person just ended a
close examination demonstration mission
record is more nuanced than either
criticism won't apply carefully
calibrated revisions to Department of
Homeland Security immigration
enforcement priorities and practice
achieve two goals increasing penalties
against unauthorized border crossing
something far larger shares under formal
removal proceedings rather than
voluntarily returning them across
supporters as having long-standing
practice and making non-citizens with
criminal records a topic for some target
while there are fewer levels we returned
to the Obama ministration
in each of the other different Louis
Konstantinos it against Pedro a
significant reduction in border
apprehensions that result from a sharp
decrease in unauthorized inflows in
particular for Mexicans analyst have
attributed this trend which we under the
Bush administration to improve economic
conditions in Mexico reduced post
recession reduced post recession job
demand in the United States stamped up
enforcement ran tough enforcement and
the increased use of different force and
tactics of the board or the enforcement
parties twelve of the years represented
a significant departure from us at CWI
our policies represented culmination of
a graduate assistant in Eretz
enforcement folks too to give you know
okay okay cool alright so Obama deported
[ __ ] ton of people alright I think
that's okay
it says this isn't this is kind of non
sequitur though isn't really an argument
for against a little bit
oh [ __ ] free tonight oh [ __ ] I feel like
I've so much [ __ ] going on no I am it's
a pirate
where are you at okay okay boom
[ __ ] we were only like nine minutes to
this video when the Donald Trump is
putting forward in fact enforcing laws
that were put on the books from Barack
Obama so seems to me like you would
support a wall a barrier friends but
let's say a hybrid I don't I feel like
he loads his questions down so much this
I feel like this is disingenuous right
like well I want a wall because I'm just
enforcing the the laws already on the
books from Obama but that Republicans do
this [ __ ] they've done it twice it's
very irritating they do this well I say
the exact student I'm like well we're
just enforcing the laws already on the
books they did it with the detention
[ __ ] the detention centers where the
children which wasn't true and they also
did it with the seven country band
remember it remember when they banned
the seven muslim-majority countries and
they're like oh well these were
countries that Obama already wanted to
ban that wasn't true those were just
countries that the Obama intelligence
agencies had I say that the US
intelligence is she's under Obama had
identified these as possibly like
high-risk states that needed to be
watched but they didn't enact any
country ban or any travel ban ago most
these countries that's not true at all
like that it's like very dishonest the
way that that's presented like Obama
didn't push for building a wall to say
that we're enforcing Obama's laws with
the wall I don't like that fact that we
do have a broken system for integration
yeah we do need to support but the plan
is actually to start enforcing those
laws that haven't been informed okay
that's a big part of the comprehensive
plan that Donald Trump is putting
forward in fact enforcing laws that were
put on the books from Barack Obama so
seems to me like you would support a
wall a barrier friends but let's say a
hybrid wall fence whatever works if we
also crack down on those overstay visas
we deported people who are here
illegally yeah I agree with that okay
good okay so we're on the same page on
that
but I think that the [ __ ] I can't
multitask that I'm sorry I should have
been texting I have to listen again I'm
sorry certain force knows laws that
haven't been informed okay that's a big
part of the comprehensive plan that
Donald Trump is putting forward in fact
enforcing laws that were put on the
books from Barack Obama so seems to me
like you would support a wall a barrier
friends but let's say a hybrid wall
fence whatever works if we also crack
down on those overstay visas if we
deported before here illegally yeah it
feels like you're it feels like he's
making a shitty CBO with a bunch of with
a bunch of garbage loans right but like
if you can just like sneak in enough
[ __ ] and there's like enough in there
it's like kind of okay it's like whole
thing's like pretty much okay like don't
look at the what does it Roger is
independently but like for the most part
like if I give you enough of it it's
like you make like a [ __ ] sandwich but
you like top it off with like some
oregano some pepper jack cheese some
[ __ ] whatever branch or may or
whatever [ __ ] show you like if you
put enough on it you like kind of sneak
your [ __ ] burger in there like under the
radar like [ __ ] like the conversation
just suppose to be about the wall right
like let's just talk about the wall not
like I feel like he's sneaking so much
other unnecessary baggage and I whatever
works did you finally watch the big
short I know I can't dude I've tried to
watch some clips of it and I've tried to
watch them and I watched vice and I like
I don't know what it is like political
commentary that is so on the nose to me
comes off as really cringey not to say
that it's bad or good I'm not making
that judgment it's just very crunchy to
me so like when I'm watching like the
big short and they're like I've seen
like a couple scenes know where it's
like guy explains like basic Wall Street
concept other character oh my god that's
so evil why would you hate poor people
oh and it's like okay like I get a deal
like and the other guys like cuz I am so
evil and I make so much money under
capitalism it's like I mean okay dude
like [ __ ] calm it down like we get it
like Jesus cry don't know that's how I
feel like when I watch like any clips
related to like the big short
destiny that isn't the whole entire
movie maybe but I feel like I've seen
like three or four clips that are like
better like that you know and I feel
like the actual issue related to
especially financial instruments is so
insanely [ __ ] nuanced that to just
write it all off as people being evil I
don't know I just I mean I it's it
looked entertaining I'll say that like
the big short like the clips that I saw
we're definitely entertaining but it's
just things that come off as like
insanely [ __ ] preachy to me are just
like
I don't know
have you seen your mom's latest tweets
my mom tweets crazy [ __ ] all the time
you can have maybe that's a good lay
place from
they're like four to five clips in the
movie and it's a two-hour movie hold on
one second
ignore Sita requested a bit yeah okay if
we also crack down on those overstay
visas if we deported people who are here
illegally yeah I agree with that okay
good okay so we're on the same page on
that aspect but I think that the
conversation isn't about immigration
anymore it's a it's about or not the
immigration system
it's about keep the bad guys out they're
gonna come get us and they're gonna
steal our women and rape everyone that's
that's a part of the immigration problem
is keeping people out but it's the
biggest issue of course nothing when
will you stop it it's not the biggest
issue is that the most scary issue
because I think the most depending on
how much do you think oh no I don't or I
mean like they're just college kids I
wouldn't expect them the people I
shouldn't say they're just college guys
I'm a [ __ ] Mesa college dropout I
guess but like when I say they're just
college cuz I mean like it's pretty
clear that like this is like very
difficult for her to do right like I
would be prettier
I probably be nervous in this situation
even care about this is kind of what
I've talked about before of reversed
Nirvana fallacy we're gonna say well
something needs to be done you need some
kind of a barrier we need to enforce the
laws that we have we need to deport
people who are here illegally but
because it is what it's wait what did
any of them have to do the wall I'm
rewinding so much I'm sorry wait what
baby bring it and do the people it
depends on how much don't care about
that just kind of reversed Nirvana
fallacy we're disabled something needs
to be done it needs some kind of a
barrier when you do enforce the laws we
have when you deport people who are here
illegally but because like enforce the
laws we have deport people that are here
illegally like these are all things that
presidents have already done or
especially Obama didn't we didn't need a
wall to do it like it's created some
sort of that's no centrism among some
people I really haven't seen it I've
never met a Republican who says the wall
needs to keep brown people out it has to
be a just a wing this absurdly reductive
this idea that the only way races can
manifest is in these overtly obvious
statements betrays everything we know
about how humans function that is so
[ __ ] stupid she he should get nailed
to the [ __ ] wall on that statement do
you there's this very simple line of
questioning do you think that it's
possible to demonstrate racism towards a
group of people without explicitly
stating that you hate that group of
people he would have to concede yes to
that yes okay it's possible okay well
can you give me some example statements
that you might make about a group of
people that might be
indicative of an internal negative
thought process you might have of them
it would be very very very challenging
for him to come up with a series of
statements that you couldn't plug into
something that Trump has said directly
it would be insanely difficult to do
that right Trump has made plenty of
disparaging statement about Hispanic
people about people from [ __ ]
countries up in you know the rapists
might have murderous thieves comments
the thing related to the Mexican judge
Hispanic judge whose American [ __ ]
there's there there's one other big one
too
and I've [ __ ] forget it oh the UM the
the military family holy [ __ ] with the
with the dead weight the dead soldiers
Jim poor a gorilla the wall is not an
example of that though well no no no but
his statement that like I haven't seen
racism from people because no one said I
want the wall to keep about brown people
that is a non sequitur that argument
does not logically follow I haven't seen
racist statements because I haven't seen
this when that when this is not a
condition necessarily or the only thing
that can determine if it's a race a
statement right that's what I'm saying
yeah
okay sorry I'm knocking at the fence
holy [ __ ] okay Byron says two hours okay
sounds Gucci did we hit our eight hours
for today I feel like I started staring
really early
[Music]
hey I was watching your YouTube and I
saw that you told Hasan you guys would
go shopping for clothes and build a PC
I'd really like to watch that happen
have a nice stream okay someday okay
the probability goin graciously was
costing hundred and last billion now is
the taxpayer that is highly contentious
we need the sources okay
illegal immigration
cost to [ __ ] when we tried to look up
this information it was so hard to get
like concrete numbers okay just another
like thing and I'm not saying this to
excuse either side because the data
could swing either way I've repeatedly
seen it said in any lease types of
things I collect data that collecting
data about illegal immigrants is very
very very [ __ ] hard to do so I fully
admit as I hope the other side would my
numbers or what I come across could
swing very wildly in the other direction
if there was like a different way to
check something or collect data whatever
like you have to use like a lot of like
roundabout ways to kind of test for
illegal immigration because obviously we
don't have a big database of
undocumented people because then they'll
be documented so like yeah it's like
it's a really hard thing hard thing to
um to measure directly oh yeah what is
this sorry hold on oh dude it is so cold
in the Midwest right now
he is setting a fair study Cato debunked
it okay and then again I would just
caution that like I mean like I like
what Cato says generally related to
immigration but but Cato is a
libertarian Institute so there always
gonna be like pro-immigration so yeah
yeah [ __ ] when it comes to illegal
immigration is like it's [ __ ] I see
so many different numbers posted
sometimes like I feel a little bit
uncomfortable but I mean if they're
gonna assert something with a with
extreme confidence I mean I'll fire back
with something I guess if I have to but
um University of Michigan comes close
for the seventh time in 200 years for
tomorrow and Thursday damn
okay fiscal burden of illegal
immigration study is fatally flawed the
Federation for American immigration
reform is devoted to producing legal and
illegal ammunition reason for the fiscal
burden of illegal immigration on by
Matthew O'Brien Spencer Reilly and Jack
Martin as I said the net fiscal cost of
legal immigration u.s. taxpayers is one
hundred sixteen billion fare support
reaches I conclusion by vastly over
saving the cost of immigration auto kind
of attacks are going to be generate
inflating the number of illegal
immigrants counting millions of US
citizens as illegal immigrants and by
concocting a method of estimated fiscal
cost that is rejected by all economies
who are going to subject one of the nice
things is like when you're in a school
and you do like real big boy research
and [ __ ] is that like if you were like a
well studied economist or if you were
like a well studied economics student
you'd be able to say like like I like it
when I get like sometimes I get emails
from kids and I immediately know like oh
[ __ ] like this guy seems a good
assignment cuz people like him like oh
hey like if you're looking for
information about this kind of stuff
like like Krugerrand card like these are
the main economists that did a lot of
work in this and then like these two
guys also do a lot of work on this I
know I can point to like specific like
not just studies like these are the
people that like specialize in these
areas and then these are the main
researchers and the main rebuttal people
and like I don't know interesting but
okay sorry
I miss old Twitter destiny what did old
Twitter destiny say if JFK played so
lucky of the sea I would have been would
have immediately claimed responsibility
I think it plays oh look your journal
experience ælis there's all the cue
players of the victims police brutality
victim-blaming only to be frowned upon
and be encouraged holy [ __ ] what I must
have just come off like it really bad I
must have lost promos
these are lost promos tweets I must have
lost promos and then have been Twitter
afterwards that's the only thing I could
explain this Jesus Christ okay okay it's
not dear ailing he leaves in the correct
numbers when it comes to the actual size
that I'm gonna population in the correct
tax rates and the effective immigrants
on property values low ease the net
fiscal cost by 87 percent to 97 percent
down to 15 what six billion or 3.3
billion respectively holy [ __ ]
below is a list of fares arrows on how
the correct numbers affect the results
there are seams of the okay what other
conclusion must give me the conclusion I
ain't got time for this [ __ ]
conclusion fares report argues for
increased immigration restrictions as a
way to address the federal budget
deficit Harbert realize employment
housing consumers many years ago I read
a criticism on early study it was just
funny to say that this later version
printing my different authors even more
sloppy it makes more errors in the older
version there's okay whatever I'll just
say it's a net wash close enough
Cato criticism of 100 billion dollar net
fiscal loss on from illegal immigrants
read the bold words [ __ ] off okay done
how much okay I don't care about this
don't care bout this okay so we know
what he's citing right so he's citing
that fair study or whatever right
okay where do we disagree it seems like
as far solutions you would do all of
those things you just maybe don't like
the messaging which the media is kind of
put out there definitely the vet the
meat oh my god that spin that spin ball
at the end that the media did it now
brother these are [ __ ] Trump's own
words sit the [ __ ] down shut the [ __ ] up
your mongering is a problem for me among
media and then I think what's going on
with the government she's getting led
around this dialogue tree so [ __ ]
hard now with the government shutdown is
extremely childish I think compromises
what this country was founded on and we
definitely need to make a compromise to
this yeah who would you hold responsible
for nothing a compromise right now I
think they're both oh no I don't agree
with Donald Trump for saying yeah that's
fine and then totally turning around
like three days later and being like
we're shutting the government down this
is over but also I see the dimmer light
Democrats aren't entirely and they're
against something that they supported
when is Barack Obama they were and now
he's even made some compromise that's
people say this but that's actually fair
if I were to say like I'm trying to
think of an analogy let's say that I
were to let's say that I ran a let's say
that I ran like like a building okay
like a like a department store and I and
people know me they know that I'm a
chill dude they know that I'm a cool
manager they know that I'm a progressive
whatever like I don't [ __ ] hate any
group of people and I start floating the
suggestion is like hey I think we should
get security cameras in the store like I
think it would help a lot and people
were like yeah okay
what the [ __ ] was that bits why do you
hate bits I don't know because I don't
even recognize the noises 10,000 bits
that's like $100 thanks TIG laughs um I
hate bits usually because when people
donate they have shitty messages
attached to them that don't mean
anything at all way to keep up the trend
and I were to suggest security cameras
or whatever people would probably like
okay yeah cool like maybe security
cameras would be fine nobody would like
really be suspicious of my intentions
there right they'd be like oh cool
security cameras but if a new manager
came into the store and the new managers
like I [ __ ] hate black people they'd
[ __ ] steal all of our [ __ ] [ __ ]
[ __ ] that [ __ ] and then like you
kind of like go through the store logs
whatever like okay well you know we look
at the prosecution's or whatever that
we've done you know or that we then I
guess the state does or whatever it
doesn't sound like black people actually
steal that much [ __ ] for us or whatever
and then the guys like listen we need to
get some goddamn cameras in here so that
we can keep an eye on all these black
people come in I think it would be
totally reasonable for be like we'll
wait hold on wait do we even need these
[ __ ] security cameras like what the
[ __ ] like it's not a 100% rational
position to take because the
dispassionate approach would be okay
well let's ignore his rhetoric and let's
analyze the actual effectiveness of the
security cameras in this case the
security cameras are standing for a wall
that really isn't effective like his his
argument falls down on so many levels
one that it's okay to be against
something under a current person that
you were in favor of in a prior person
that is okay like that's not necessarily
a bad thing firstly and secondly it's
possible that they were incorrect and
being in favor of it under Obama and
they're correct and being against it
under Trump that's entirely possible as
well both of these are totally okay
totally valid things that you could have
somebody that maybe wasn't paying as
much attention immigration or wasn't as
woken immigration or never under Obama
and then under Trump became more aware
right that's a totally valid thing to
say this is not like conservatives like
to throw this around is like some silver
bullock supported under obama but you
didn't support it under [ __ ] under
[ __ ] trump if you want some [ __ ] that
was supported under obama but not under
trump or actually vice versa well you
can look at is you can look at
Republican support for military action
in Syria I believe that those numbers
actually let's find them so that I don't
talk [ __ ] because what my understanding
was that for the Democrats the numbers
were similar but I think the Republicans
dramatically shifted does anybody have a
link there
like a specific [ __ ] article that
talked about this but I want to make
sure I'm 100 sent corrected because I
could be remembering remembering it
incorrectly or might've and vice versa
whether whether Democrats or Republicans
did it I'd be critical of either side
here but there was a huge huge shift
from when Obama wanted to do military
action in Syria versus Trump wanted to
do military action in Syria and
technically Trump's was probably more it
was probably easier to support then um
then hope Hamas why did I click this
this should have a not-safe-for-work tag
use here underwear and it's a [ __ ]
schoolgirl is this see a [ __ ] lie Lee
I don't even [ __ ] know what I don't
link to [ __ ] in my chat [ __ ] get this
anime [ __ ] out of my goddamn chat for
Republicans polled on Syria it's not
about the action brother whose hand is
pulling the trigger when looking at the
breakdown of the support of Trump
decision along party lines something
truly significant revealed I was a
whopping 86 percent of Republicans in
favor of putting the missile strike that
didn't oversell my visa not be
surprising but it doesn't compare the
results of another poll from four years
ago when America's similar question back
then while support among Democrats fisca
the same Republicans strongly opposed
missile strikes only 22% of
self-identified GOP voters would have
approved of a Syria attack back then
wasn't there an actual poll of
congressmen of Congress people or it was
this only just among voters
[Music]
weebs rise up a you iay a partisan bias
in public when you have trump serious
strike we saw a 51% over footage of this
group let's finish up another
participant case for the u.s. reckon it
was at least as strong as those today in
both cases Saudi just use chemical
weapons oh wait
such partisan bias of the Republic of
the rogen voters mirror that of many GOP
members of Congress top Republicans who
pose a serious economic appraising
Trump's strike CNN many of the
congressional Republicans who are
praising Donald Trump's decision to
strike the Syrian Air Field were opposed
to President Obama's request it was
similar action against here in 2013
Trump order to launch when the 50 time I
cruise missiles on Thursday Cali Asia
for Syrian leaders many Republicans
opposed his request one of the most
prominent was Senate Majority Leader
Mitch McConnell who on Friday tweeted I
support for Trump strike writing this is
a clear signal from America the Bashar
al Assad can no longer use chemical
weapons against his own people with
impunity in a speech in the Senate when
2013 however McConnell announced
opposition to Obama's proposal saying a
vital national security risk is clearly
not at play there are just too many
unanswered questions about our long-term
strategy in Syria including the fact
that this proposal is utterly detach
from a wider strategy to end the civil
war there and on the specific question
of deterring these who came ago when
threatened also appears to be based on a
contradiction either we will strike
targets that threaten the stability of
the regimes and the presidencies not
even to do what we actually strike so
narrow as it to be a mere demonstration
okay
I like how people were so critical of
like Trump was like oh we send packets
out to truckers so that they don't get
bombed when we bombed their [ __ ] why do
we give them a warning but I'm pretty
sure we dropped leaflets in the gate we
didn't we give a warning to Syria to
Assad before we bomb the airport I'm
pretty sure we do that as well right
like isn't that mainly to avoid like to
make sure we don't like knew some
Russian [ __ ] or whatever and people
don't like freaked the [ __ ] out I'm
sorry we're jumping on a lot of topics
right now I'm sure there are reasons why
we give warnings well for a lot of the
[ __ ] like related to the stuff going on
in Syria a lot of the people that were
like driving the [ __ ] oil out of the
oil fields legit weren't [ __ ] Isis
people they were just people looking to
make money in a war-torn [ __ ] Regent
like right people that lose their jobs
whatever a lot of it was being
we're [ __ ] allies in [ __ ] Turkey
and [ __ ] anyway right like we don't
necessarily need to [ __ ] kill these
people just blow their trucks up yeah
it's like civilian casualties it's
generally something we don't like but um
unless they're Palestinians okay I don't
care buy this okay
we also drop leaflets where we nuke
Irishmen Nagasaki okay cool so you're
saying anyone that was still there
deserved it
that's what you say I'm just kidding
kind of off topic will you ever go back
to Jessie P doesn't show oh I got an
invite today to go back I'm les seventh
to debate gun control I haven't
responded yet though I was right he said
okay we'll extend daca three years right
now we saw this problem so we can get
the government rolling again I think
that just stubborn like head-butting in
the government right now is absolutely
ridiculous
what if he's made some compromises and
they said no no compromise I we should
get more concrete stuff on this as well
okay my understanding is that okay let
me make sure that this really happened
okay
so pence my understanding is that pence
literally walked to trump twice with
deals in hand from Congress and he was
rejected two times that this happened I
feel like I read this in like a waffle
article or something that I make this up
sorry this is way too vague budget
proposal
I feel like this happened two different
times
Trump projects shut down compromise
proposed by pence before meeting with
Democrats President Donald Trump
rejected a compromise proposal floated
by vice president and a partial
government shutdown this rejection
during public comments about of the
count meeting came just an advancement
meeting the afternoon leading Democrat
me was talking something Penn spent was
a compromise almost two weeks gonna
closed-door meeting with Democrats just
hours before shut down parts of
government that lacked appropriations
for the current fiscal year at Penn
suggest a 2.5 billion that would cover
general border security and some new
fencing but nothing for Trump stated
vision of a wall Trump said during the
count meeting no not 2.5 billion no
we're asking for my point six Democrats
have offered 1.3 1.6 billion at various
times for improving boards Katie but
prohibiting any be spent on Trump's wall
the partial shutdown is not it's 12 days
I don't remain at least five billion and
funding director crate in the first
stages of a new wall between us Mexico
the New York Times reported that Penn's
previously assured both GOP and
Democratic senators that Trump would
embrace a stopgap budget bill to push
back a deadline to February 8 the Senate
passed this bill unanimously it then
Trump refused to sign it at which point
the house declined to bring it up for a
vote not only women get harassed online
case in point please say my name its
Savannah
yeah and keep in mind that this was
still under like a republican-controlled
Congress both the Senate and the house
were both controlled by Republicans
Senate passed a bill unanimously and
then Trump so the Senate so the Senate
did approve this and then Trump solo I'm
sorry I'm really big on this because a
lot of people that I talked to including
including that Republican [ __ ]
the guy that's running for the cut that
got its ready for California Senate with
district district 0-1 or whatever that
guy was saying well no this isn't Trump
shut down other people blah blah blah
but no like trembling unilaterally
rejected this because there wasn't
enough funding for the wall and this was
this Senate bill that passed unanimously
and Trump refused to sign okay explain
to me this if the Senate passed the bill
unanimously
isn't that a veto-proof majority why
wouldn't they just pass it anyway which
point the house to kinda bring it out
does the house not want to bring it up
because they don't want to try to ram
legislation through the president is
that just about optics or yeah Ted juba
literally Paul Ryan bitched out pushback
on a shitty premise on his dumbest
question if you go in jail P again cuz
McConnell didn't want to pass something
that Trump wouldn't sign wait I'm sorry
hold on I just have to make up that I'm
not stupid
but hold on McConnell is the majority
leader in the Senate
how does McConnell have say over what
goes on in a house
correct he puts up the vote for the
Senate so it would have been the house
was still republican-controlled yeah but
I thought wouldn't isn't wasn't like um
wasn't like Paul Ryan or some [ __ ] they
decided what was going on or was or did
he leave and they special election I
remember fine since McConnell is
Majority Leader he can pick and choose
what bill gets put onto the floor he can
do that in the house as well and not
just the Senate I sure didn't know that
if that's true
someone on the checklist I was a really
[ __ ] tree right testing oh I get
really mixed reviews on the chat with
subreddit because I'm not a lefty Paul
Ryan with Speaker until Pelosi
so okay I'm sorry just cuz I'm going to
make it formal how who decides whether a
bill gets heard on the House floor
wouldn't be the House Majority Leader or
no destiny yes Ryan was still in charge
not only choosing the bill but getting
half the Republicans was impossible okay
wait so yeah okay okay got you just
making sure okay just making sure how
this is trained Penn suggested 2.5 but
nothing's gonna chance to doing the cat
meaning the senate-passed bill
unanimously and then trop refused to
sign it at which point the house
declined to bring it up for a vote House
passed a version of an appropriations
bill before the pressures done with 5.6
billion for wall construction and that
included funding for variety of agency
law but that bill failed we went to the
Senate with the president was unable to
summon enough GOP senators to achieve a
simple majority oh damn they couldn't
get a majority in a majority controlled
much less the 60 votes were under Senate
rules to pass most bills could you
trigger could you trigger could you
trigger that nuclear option to pass
Senate bills would that feat is that
theoretically possible does anywhere his
ex goes when he should know this would
that I feel like it would I know it
would be like catastrophic although
arguably it already has a catastrophic
impact but or at least in so far as like
federal appointments and whatnot goes it
is possible I I think I think I'm pretty
sure it is possible there's a so
something that I just learned when I dug
into this issue a little more a few
months ago is that apparently
apparently there are a lot of strange
flaws in the inn like the US government
but it kind of works because we're all
kind of like chill but like there are
some things that could [ __ ] like things
up really hard destiny that's a new king
of the filibuster well like [ __ ] I read
about this at one point in time but like
basically my understanding is that like
my basic understanding is that like it's
like you [ __ ] how would I explain this
what my takeaway of it is that like you
have a computer program and your
computer program needs at least 60% of a
vote in order to pass something but you
found a bug in the program where if you
have at least 51% of the vote what you
can do is you can pull the 51% and you
can get like hey should we just be able
to pass that without needing the 6% and
if the 51% say yes then it like
overrides like basically some really
dumb [ __ ] like that in order like
prevent stuff from being passed order
like Ram [ __ ] through is this is this
more or less like kind of how the
nuclear option works that basically you
can use a 51% to override the 60%
requirement on a lot of [ __ ] that was
kind of my underwear is excuse me that
was more or less kind of my
understanding of how of how the nuclear
option worked and it's like really
[ __ ] up like the long-term
ramifications of that being having now
been triggered for Congress I'm not
really sure if that's going to cause
like some horrible [ __ ] meltdown that
literally needs like a constitutional
amendment to like fix it
basically you make it so you don't need
a 60-vote majority anymore yeah pretty
much yeah
things basically things that needed a
60-vote majority so like a map like a
permanent filibuster basically things
that needed a 60-vote majority what you
can do is you can take like a simple
majority vote like hey do fifty one of
you think to that sixty thing is [ __ ]
for this issue and they'd be like yeah
[ __ ] it that [ __ ] it this time I mean
like okay that will [ __ ] it and the
reason why people have threatened it in
the past is because the threat is that
well if we start doing this then we're
gonna [ __ ] do it in the future and
like Republicans and Democrats have
fought with that in the past over
different federal appointees and I think
this was like McConnell's long war
whatever and McConnell's like have you
[ __ ] do this [ __ ] now will [ __ ] you in
the future and then the gang of eight
was made so that that nuclear option
will be triggered because everybody's
really scared where it's like okay well
if they trigger the nuclear option
[ __ ] everybody the Senate is gonna
die like anytime there's a ruling
majority you can it's gonna [ __ ] a whole
lot of [ __ ] on the Senate up I think
it's kind of like the fear although
we've crossed that threshold now because
now that nuclear option was ultimately
triggered that the last big deal was um
for the Gorsuch appointment for Obama
that basically got cocked walked on that
Democrats nucleophilic forget Medicare
fare and Medicare for all for 2021 after
they get the White House you heard it
here first
oh [ __ ] I mean I imagine they would
after the Supreme Court [ __ ] right
Republicans already [ __ ] it with the
Supreme Court
yeah but the argument is that threats
have it in the past by Democrats and
Republicans for it I still think I
generally think that Republicans are a
pretty at fault for what they've done
but like the history is a little bit
more murky with that with different
sides threatening it for different like
federal appointments in the past and so
it's a little bit more murky but okay um
Trump and Democrat stop died after time
okay sorry why do we do this Trump
himself rejected a compromise okay wait
hold on just I just want this up okay
Trump you and a laterally you and I let
you know literally unilaterally rejected
multiple compromises on the wall okay I
would say I would are I think I maybe we
disagree but I would argue they're more
responsible and those concessions have
been made so I guess my issues it
doesn't say we disagree on policy at all
no
disagree on what needs to be done okay
so what do you think needs to be done
forgive me I'm so final thoughts if you
don't mind no problem I think we should
instead of putting all this money into
the wall I think we should put it into
our immigration system okay I'm sorry
I'm just going by like what I've read
okay so I could be incorrect here or
maybe I'm not doing enough justice yours
it's literally 100 percent due to
Republicans Republicans literally put up
an insane hard wall on even minor
prompts by Obama
it was mostly bad faith use of the rule
and completely without precedent but the
problem is that some people were saying
that Democrats were doing the same under
George to be Bush people were pointing
to the numbers of federal judges being
appointed under Bush and they were
saying that these numbers were lower
than under Clinton because Democrats
were bowling with the rule other people
were saying that appointments were being
made fast enough or that like there were
other reasons for this happening I
didn't dig that far into it but like
I've heard it like yeah I don't know
[ __ ] I'm just a little bit less hesitant
to 100% say like boom like you know it
was just Republicans on this cuz but
yeah I don't know it's a little bit more
nuanced it seems from preachers from
what I've read from the very little
digging I did to try and very little the
method by which people get here legally
because right now the system is very
clunky very long it's strenuous there's
not staffed enough not enough money
going in I think we need to take care of
getting people here legally and then the
illegal stuff stop making it such a
fear-mongering event that's emotion
we're talking about we need to stop the
illegal immigration yes I think the
fear-mongering needs to go I think we
need to talk about I like your numbers I
think it's very important to have
numbers here's a number that you might
consider fear-mongering illegal
immigrants commit crime
disproportionately okay so it's
completely accurate to say that it's
it's a much tougher spilled pill to
swallow to by the way if someone rapes
are killed and they have no business
being in this country in the first place
I don't think those numbers are crew I
mean I've had a really hard time like
finding like illegal immigrants commit
more crime than NATO's that just doesn't
seem to be true when you're talking
about like Violent Crimes and whatnot
illegal immigrants crimes crimes but the
gang data on this is like so [ __ ]
hard
oh and people talking about immigrants
versus Truthout crime where's the
sanctuary cities there's been a bunch of
rhetoric from the left and the open
borders probably let me I shall have you
seen oligomers pose no threat to the
safety of the nation to commit less
crimes if I march network newscast
ideologues and reward circuits comes to
slinkys mama I'm a former Spanish
speaking career detective who
investigated violent crimes of them
Hispanic another no wait hold on now we
better get some dumb [ __ ] here I want
number eights I'm also a forensic
pathologist who is subject matter expert
in violent crimes he advocates
perfection Aryans here are some verified
crime facts statistics with you so you
know the truth about the precarious why
should we in violent crimes in it
illegal immigrants as Americans we
should only care about three things
right there in the US legally have they
committed violent crime spree demel
against US citizens and had these
criminals not been in our country
illegally these crimes of victimization
as have sent the cost their crimes borne
by minor types could have been
completely avoided have they committed
violent crimes predominately against US
citizens is this important do we care
about this wouldn't crimes against other
illegal immigrants coming in just as bad
I guess predominantly against US
citizens implies that they're coming
here to target you a citizen so that
would be bad okay yeah I agree with us
okay sure this is an okay list here is a
fact check all that we've clicked before
okay hold on let me I'll probably just
go over here is a man won't [ __ ] call
it for today I think okay
okay so I um search a visa overstays
spotter well we don't care what that's
we're done with us
oh we were reading this okay
there's been much greater can the left
okay he was ministration have
deliberately convinced that I got legal
crime illegal immigrant crimes MOA
states are a federal government kept
information was to expel legalization
crimes committed by illegals on the cost
borne by you the u.s. payer out of the
public view it is in fact difficult but
not impossible to locate a cure crimsix
my my only limits the six are buried on
both to a soui to a suit of political
agenda and to avoid public outcry went
through the cycle you understand why the
Pew Research estimates that as of 2014
or at least one eleven point two million
that we're studying the u.s. population
comprising about three rooms I don't
know well these by far the largest
ethnic population reduce enter Hispanics
six states California Texas Illinois
Florida New York and New Jersey
Cafferty's nine percent of all the
minors running it's the fact that 60% of
all of the McGuiness have lived in our
nation for over ten years
underscores our long-standing inability
to address a series of over inability
patrol nation's borders the relation
between illegal immigrants in violent
crime research killing by the federal
government oversight Commission watch in
2014 documents if eighty percent of all
federal cons accredit near border with
Mexico research conducted hold on
federal crimes knew there was a there
was a study on there was a study on
illegal immigrants crime that some guy
did and he did it by research that he
polled
I think it was from the Texas Texas
Corrections offices or whatever
correctional facilities but I don't
think that that study was endorsed by
the people that um that originally
commissioned him to do a separate study
because he was using the data to
determine whether or not people were
illegal immigrants in ways that the data
didn't actually say buddy no I'm talking
about I don't remember if it was this
report or not [ __ ] I should obably I'm
long I'm saying no they should okay for
the view I promise but okay illegal
immigration is a federal crime so the
idea that fifty percent of all federal
crimes are committed near the border is
a bit of a meme
well I mean I'm hoping that they
wouldn't be including that right like
that'd be kind of insane right
oh that might have been the lot study in
Arizona they were talking about prisons
right yeah that might have been yeah
that might have been the one light and
Miller and Cato done studies a descript
Crowder's claim okay wait but yeah I
think that lot sitting in Arizona is
when I was in about he was originally
commissioned by Arizona to do something
different right and then he like took
some of the data and made a separate
study okay
the Westerners who protected hence
anyway crime rate with over okay
research conducted by the fair game of
the sixty one thousand five min 20 nine
criminal cases filed by federal
prosecutors forty percent or twenty four
thousand Court in cordless use only the
southern border California Arizona Texas
the West X I was giving a crime rate
with over six thousand three hundred
cases filed follow-up at the Southern
District of Texas beside over six
thousand the western just had the
nation's most significant crime rate
Southern California District with nearly
four thousand down at New Mexico with
nearly four that was getting hurt only
ranked third fourth and fifth
he was permanent justice documents when
2014 I never sent her over twelve hours
and father Chris case were for violent
crimes and does this matter
wouldn't we expect a lot of federal
crime to happen with seven in like
California and Texas because these are
very high population states Texas is a
high population state isn't it right
yeah this is like the second biggest
state in the cut in that country isn't
it or is Florida bigger Florida
population is okay oh these are probably
the few big states California Texas
Florida yeah I wonder if this is per
capita adjusted like also this is only
the Southern California District New
Mexico New Mexico is not like a huge
state is it I he must be adjusting his
numbers right he wouldn't do something
that slippery right and in a post like
this
hold on one second
when those crime stats also include
immigrating to the US illegally as a
crime I would hope not because that
would be really stupid right why would
you do that and the same year the US
census mentioned that 75 percent of all
criminal defendants who are convicted
and sentenced are federal drug offences
were illegal immigrants illegal
immigrants were also involved in drug
trafficking sentences and one-third of
all federal prison sentences [ __ ] I feel
like this guy's cherry-picking really
hard found that 75 percent of all
criminal defendants who were convicted
and sentenced for federal drug offenses
what about like violent crimes and [ __ ]
he was affirmative justice in the US
Sentencing Commission reported that as
of 2014 illegal immigrants were
convicted and sentenced for over 13% of
all crimes committed in the US the more
significant is the u.s. partner Justin
he was sensing Commission report of this
wonderfully illegal immigrants were
convicted sends all crimes this that's
the if this is true that's a that's a
really big number right because illegal
immigrants don't make up 13% of all
people according to FBI sixty-seven
thousand murders are committed in the
u.s. from - that's mighty that's eight
115,000 from 2003 to 2009 generally what
are these numbers 67,000 from 2005 to
2008 115,000 from 2003 to 2009 the
general kind of office documents that
criminal immigrants committed 25,000 of
these murders how many of those crimes
aren't illegal I'm not sure
criminal alien is the same as illegal
alien that doesn't just mean criminal ok
destiny illegals are over represented in
federal crimes and State offense it is
the opposite really do you have do you
have a source for that there whoa sigh
[ __ ]
kernel immigrants in Texas legal
immigrant conviction and arrest rates
for homicide sex crimes larceny other
crimes the immigration research and
policy brief was updated in 2002 the
text Bartman of public safety confirm
that there first was initiated was
incorrect because my coding errors
result nor rusty updated this briefs
finding to reflect the accurate data
released by DPS after they made their
original error methodology convictions
natives were convicted of four hundred
okay per 100,000 residents and you have
natives illegals all immigrants and
illegal immigrants criminal conviction
rates in Texas by immigration status
what convictions these related to it
because this now this is like painting a
totally different number than what the
other guy said wait wait what was this
report for the Department of Homeland
Security asked me that that is it
fiscally or mm I know totally not okay
wait hold on oh my god ah [ __ ] this
thing is [ __ ] huge it's got my logic
colonel alien costs common terms and
definitions term alien criminal alien
non-citizens who are residing in the
United States legally or illegally and
are convicted of a crime okay so a
criminal alien is a non-citizen who is
residing in the United States legally or
illegally so criminal alien could be
legal or illegal immigrant
Jimmy's here that what the [ __ ] was that
[ __ ]
Oh hold on one second it includes legal
well be that his number might not have
included the gun Ritz we haven't looked
at where the study is citing his thing
what who are you hello oh what's up are
you here to tell us the research yeah I
got you Jimmy to help you do research
sure okay let me see I've got nothing so
far so give me a second
okay what we researching first of all
whether or not illegal immigrants commit
crimes disproportionately compared to
NATO's so if somebody enters your
country illegally is there a higher
chance that they'll commit a crime like
a bad crime like killing somebody or
whatever works is somebody that already
lives there that's kind of the question
we're trying to figure out because when
a lot of people talk about like stop
like building the wall or stopping
illegal immigration what they say is
that will illegal immigrants that come
over you know do a lot more damage they
commit a lot more crimes and the other
side argues well that's not necessarily
true or they commit less crime than
people that are already here hmm okay um
yeah I'm gonna go to bed but I'll catch
up in the morning and I tell you I've
got oh I've come up with okay thanks
goodnight guys be careful okay we tried
Destinee compared to white people on the
same socio-economic bracket well yeah
the two things you won't want to adjust
for our socio economics and age age is a
really big one too because depending on
what numbers you look at immigrants can
commit more crimes than natives but
adjusting for age is really important
because immigrants that come over tend
to be in ages where they're much more
likely to commit crimes than natives
right like it's not very interesting to
take the entire breadth of white people
in the US and say well look they commit
less crimes then the Hispanics that are
entering while Hispanics entering are
like average age like [ __ ] 18 to 24
and and half of your white population is
weighted down by [ __ ] geriatrics like
you know if I can grandpa Harvey isn't
gonna get on his walker and go down and
rob a [ __ ] gas station right like
they like so you adjusting for age I
think is pretty important when you talk
about some of these crimes to really get
an idea of like what's happening right
you know to really good understanding
wait ok [ __ ] wait what number did we
pull from this that we weren't happy
with or that we were suspect though the
General Accounting Office document at
criminal immigrants committed twenty
five thousand oh six four of these
murders 25,000 oh six 25,000 oh six four
okay estimated number and percent of
criminal alien arrest offense by type of
offense
so in here this says that twenty five
thousand and sixty four homicides were
committed by criminal aliens right but
the problem is that criminal alien does
not mean illegal alien that could just
be a normal immigrant
[Music]
my grandpa Harvey once owned Ben Shapiro
in a logic debate amazing right a
criminal alien is non-citizens who are
residing in the US legally or illegally
and are convicted of a crime so this
could be a legal immigrant so this so
he's so this is totally [ __ ] this guy
he's totally cherry-picking numbers and
he's not even correct in his assessment
here well but he says criminal
immigrants so I mean I guess like in an
ultra technical thing he's correct but
that's hella misleading because this is
an article about illegal immigrants in
sanctuary cities sale of ignorance the
GAO report surveyed illegals holding
prisms to get their data oh yeah I saw
that hold on illegal immigrants and then
his next time and his illegal immigrants
commit clearly committee level of
violent or drug-related crimes to score
portion of their provision - gently -
doesn't really we're inside of a total
prison population of 130,000 or in
prison in the state's prison system for
the crime of homicide well wait hold on
2,400 illegal immigrants out of a total
prison population of 130,000 are in
prison in the states before the crown
well [ __ ] wait these numbers are so
disconnected so 130,000 are in prison
but not necessarily for homicide I
wonder if the 2,400 or illegal
immigrants or if they're criminal aliens
like it said before
[ __ ] I wish you would source each of
these or like at least all of our I
guess he sources some of them destiny
there are 22 point six million
non-citizens in the u.s. yeah okay
welcome to statistics what what these
aren't stats this is like a bad actor
this is like a bad faith actor the
misrepresentation of comparisons and who
commits crimes mean illegal immigrants
illegal immigrants and I recognize the
pro illegal immigrant Lobby consistently
misrepresents the criminal involvement
of illegal immigrants as compared to
immigrants who legally under the US
saying that Allu immigrants commit less
confident counterparts this assertion is
false in most cases here are the vetted
statistics
I wonder there's got to be like someone
on [ __ ] red it has to have done like
a big [ __ ] go through this article no
it's only been posted like the Donald
[ __ ] this guy alright I don't care about
this guy anyway
Oh somebody linked that NPR article
after days of damaging news stories but
administration policy separate
immigrants trying to change the
narrative Friday he spoke of a green
[Music]
February 2018 severed the can identities
in 2050 are different Texas con
immigrants in the country illegally
we're 25% less likely be convicted of
homicide than native-born Americans
legal immigrants were 87 percent wait
hold on
if 2015 crime statistics found that
immigrants and immigrants in the country
illegally I thought it was all
immigrants I okay
innocent country Oh 20 hours not
allowing an illegal immigrant looks like
I couldn't study and we cuz in the
country illegally
we're also 25 cents okay so this is a
que don't say okay [ __ ] it I'll just
[ __ ] throw this [ __ ] okay
the entire conversation right if
illegals commit more or less crime
doesn't [ __ ] matter this [ __ ] does
matter if our economy could function
even without these workers literally
scooping their well it's good to force
I want to force like the moral argument
on the conservative here would be the
idea in this conversation you know sorry
hold on one second
getting into Sivan matters oh no but
it's good information I mean cuz the
wall is like a debate that's kinda gonna
come up more in the future right if that
were your sister or your mother or I
don't know your brother buying a cartel
being shut up you probably feel like man
that guy had no business thing here in
the first place we haven't done anything
sure we should fix the broken system
right now as far as that's exact same
argument exact same argument and he
would totally [ __ ] reject that I know
he would cuz he's a slimy little piece
of [ __ ] could be could could be could be
made about people that get shot up in
schools in the United States like man
imagine how [ __ ] you would feel if your
[ __ ] son or daughter or brother or
sister or lover or friend was killed in
a [ __ ] school because some kid walked
in with an ar-15 well being over state
people will always break the law yeah
but you're saying we shouldn't be
spending all this money it's a drop in
the bucket we are talking about a very
small amount of money to stop the people
coming here illegally at that point we
can fix the current system and see who's
on the books one can't happen without
the other I think I would be more okay
with the wall if we took the money from
say something that's like defense we
have a ton of money going into defense
this is so dumb Steve do you get welfare
legitimate role compared to national
defense oh my god this is such an easy
argument are you [ __ ] serious is
providing a social safety net for your
citizens is important it's like your
national [ __ ] imperialistic like how
much well here I'm curious how much
money is a Tomahawk missile because we
fired 50 of these off with an estimated
cost of 1.4 million okay we're not out
of the values I guess center right that
point doesn't matter still this is a 70
million dollar launch of missiles like
come on dawg like welfare social safety
nets don't matter at all those Democrats
vote against a plan to pay government
workers did Democrats but I'm not sure I
heard that I think I read that on the
Donald but I my guess is there was
probably like some but I also I also saw
our politics where was like Republicans
refused to give back pay to federal
I'm guessing what the actual answer to
both of these is that there was probably
like a new spending bill that included
that appropriation or something in it
and then the other side didn't like each
other you know yeah get the [ __ ] out of
here he's right this if there's long as
the money's coming from the wall it
doesn't make any sense coming from
national defense is really dying
[ __ ] I don't think steven crowder would
never debate me right he avoids that Sam
cedar dude he would definitely avoid me
not that I'm like bigger than Sam cedar
better than Sam cedar but like if he's
avoiding somebody like censored he
probably avoid something like me right
what if we made like a video what if I
made like some real dumb takes on
immigration I just like to talk about
how diversity is our greatest strength
for like 30 minutes and then somebody
clipped it up and like sent it to like
look at how stupid this Lib kook is and
I can talk about soy or drink it like a
Soylent okay all right
I look michaelis okay I'm gonna take a
shower and stuff and I'll go hang out
with reckful I don't know if we'll scam
or not if he wants to weekend but it'll
be up to him on how he feels
I'm him I just wanted show though and
then I'll be back tomorrow issue your
own Sam cedar debate challenge
maybe you mentioned tomahawks but what
about the 550 million per plane for 100
new stealth bombers the military didn't
even ask for 550 million dollars per
plane that sounds like an impossible
expensive figure for 100 planes so it
was a 55 billion dollar project oh no I
guess that so okay I'm sorry wait hold
on when people typically when people say
that like oh you know like we bought the
b2 is that like five hundred million
dollars per plane the planes themselves
are like a few million to build but the
reason why the cost is like the reason
why the cost is given that way it's
because you have to do a huge initial
investment into R&D to get right like
that's how much the project is generally
that's why you wouldn't sometimes when
you hear the numbers like how can that
one plane be 500 million dollars or
whatever like you know the f-35 well
like it's similar like the planes
themselves don't necessarily cost like
500 million a pop like it's usually like
that that number is heavily front-loaded
in the total cost of the project right
but but maybe that might not be true
here for this b21 I haven't heard of
those sorry that's just how I know in
the past they've they've done it destiny
they don't know other entitlement okay
the entire lifespan of the plane is
included in the cost oh sure the b21 is
a founder fifty-minute of aircraft wait
can I leave no I'm done [ __ ] around
with you guys I want to read the [ __ ]
these plans are literally invisible
okay I don't wanna watch your videos
okay listen I love you guys I was team
longer blame reckful well we'll shoot
through some other Carter video tomorrow
hey if you've got [ __ ] subs out there
throw that goddamn sub down okay here's
commercials we're gonna find some of the
house right I might seem low tonight but
it'll depend if I'm me
[Music]
wrists is this like um like a platformer
game yeah but then you're gonna leave
that dress and that they'll know where
were you
damn it's amazing you may trust them but
what if they leak it looks floating yeah
those friend leaks it to a friend and
then that well maybe that's like part of
their girlfriend all the 12-month subs
that are just realizing they got on VIP
there's any better
VIP perks I got a reserved VIP for the
mods that don't do anything I'm gonna
move over mod this is dumb [ __ ]
[ __ ] like I just I already know wait why
is he watching my [ __ ] Oh No
is this on roasting me Oh [ __ ] look
at this idiot dude don't be a cypher be
an eel I was gonna watch that video oh
but he said like two dumb things and I'd
totally lost interest [ __ ] if that guy
wants to debate me I'll debate that guy
whoever does the that philosophy Club
channel 100% I'll do it
oh well that's a sound [ __ ] okay I
love you guys we're gonna cappuccino
cappuccino cappuccino my Pacino de Chino
cappuccino cappuccino Abba Chino he read
the comments bye come on Twitter and
I'll do it alright rip on thanks also I
love all you very much
