I'm gonna get caught so hard with your
own plan I'm talking to check but
alright we will pick up next week and
we'll see if ever this is still a good
idea but speaking of stupid crimes
that's a lot of coin booth let's just
get it cleared here do you are going to
gather these lanterns from the mine
while nobody's there and take them home
yes yes and my other question for you
guys is why are you stealing these I
thought you guys were a legit business
not to the money way we want money and
believe I have a lot of things I want to
buy you know how much our horses just
seventy-five gold for seventy we're not
getting a horse no we're not buying
animals okay this isn't a stable know
where we're gonna keep the donkey we're
gonna have to pay to feed them no where
are you gonna put it you can't put a
donkey okay is there a higher chance of
would you expect to be a higher chance
of encountering monsters or a lower
chance of seeing them coming probably
maybe a lower chance of encountering
well nevets i I suggest we move on
because even if if the roads are more
dangerous at night it is far more
dangerous to be caught sleeping in the
mines with all of these expensive magic
lamps well if that's what you insist
then let's make back for the city
tonight oh wow lucky rolls today for
nine damaged nevets is down and rolls by
both the lion of the balls head it's
only for Pearce again that's still
enough to bring him to unconsciousness
the mountain lion dies yes I want to
lift it out with the trophy you want to
take the head no are we close enough
that we make it we reasonably can make
it back to the city without expecting
encounters I we had thought it would be
very unlikely for you to run into
another encounter at the point okay
I'd crawl over and I pick up my lanterns
put them back around hop back up on the
bear
[Music]
