why do you keep comparing me to trouble
I'm not the president dude not the
government it's not the government's job
to check the media that is the most man
team media free speech stance I've ever
heard in my life did you just go on Ben
CUDA I don't know what the [ __ ] is dank
EULA okay you can call me daddy might be
gas lit right now I'm so confused
holy [ __ ] then you trying to say that
the right-wing are far more violent than
an tyfa or the black bloc when I try to
draw my opinions about which side is
more violent I don't look at footage of
a rally I try to look at numbers and
data when you try to evaluate which side
is more violent you just look at YouTube
videos I look at the actual footage of
how they conduct themselves in public so
you think that watching a couple videos
of a few rallies is more reputable
you've seen every single route you've
watched every single rally that's in
multiple points of footage of in
multiple points of view of every type of
rally of all the right-wing ones of all
okay if you've obviously looked at every
piece of gear no I can't look at
everything that's why I you I usually
look at like data numbers to draw
conclusions because I don't have the
time I see my point isn't valid then
also so is yours
if you've not looked at every single
piece of data values you can laugh if
you want and [ __ ] know you're [ __ ]
stupid no I mean like I'm sorry my mind
is blown so you're telling me that if
two people walk into a room and one guy
goes hey so you know I was looking at
some facts and figures about you know
the amount of extremist violence that
has been occurring and the other guy
goes oh well I've watched a lot of
YouTube videos about rallies you think
that nor their opinions are equally
valid see no she just touched on another
integral or will they do this bad thing
- no I'm saying that they do it in
return no the original thing we're
talking about is a bit more and the
United States no they don't do it more
they definitely don't do it more than
Europe either see if you think anti-fur
in the black box and in the states of
both the panty phone black box and the
states are [ __ ] Lucy's can feel to
the Europeans I mean do you want to go
over some data points do you not care
because you watched YouTube videos or no
it's famously care obviously I actually
provided you with you know actual
physical evidence and Marc nomads
no they don't your individual ideas and
individual videos you've watched don't
matter there's not an individual ideas
it doesn't matter if you've watched a
hundred videos that's not how data
collection works it's not how
intelligent people form opinions
obviously obviously yeah
Steven banal as an extraordinary
unfathomably intelligent man's no I just
have a basic understanding of why data
collection is important and why
statistics matter and what cognitive
biases are that we were originally
supposed to be talking about free speech
I already know that I'm wasting my
breath let's say that I have a hundred
videos of white people beating up black
people in the United States and I show
you a hundred videos of that does that
prove like some trend of it's true that
it was a serious problem yeah in a
country of 330 million people how do you
know that 100 videos is a serious
problem if one way you guys beating up
one black gayness a single event out so
cluster as a problem on a national level
well you were talking about problems
they'll be through that little national
and no guy if there's needed a hand left
in that goalposts around I can help you
if you want yeah that thing that you
described earlier putting your views out
there and challenging your views in
order to solidify them and to make sure
that you've got that you know the best
information about well I would love for
that to happen but right now in the
YouTube community it doesn't happen
you'll see you've seen the views don't
get challenged then but what are you
doing in Eve right now you're
challenging my views yeah sure and luck
it sticks earlier the guy that blocked
me because he couldn't because he
couldn't handle somebody challenging his
views you think you said that bloke - no
not you sticks this is between me and
you man
okay well you got you won the whole
argument actually because you're talking
to me now you've solved the entire
problem of people being stuck in their
echo chambers across the millions then
what are you talking about you're acting
like my original claim was you'll never
talk to me in a window at conversation
you clearly are the region's open they
don't wait why are you saying we you
just said you're not in a community now
you are in a community okay okay take a
deep breath
take a deep breath buddy okay take a
deep breath so my problem is that the
massive YouTube channels and all these
communities together tend to be a little
bit circle jerky I don't
that's that controversial of a statement
by the way I have actually watched some
of your streams by the way man you have
also seen something your tweets and if
you want to see a [ __ ] subtle joke my
boy dude majority of my content is
engaging with people that I disagree
with how can you say that I'm sorry
joking is engaging a twelve-year-old yes
men I let our destiny give yourself of
that Oh a lot a lot [ __ ] thick you
think you're right all the time as all
your fans that a bunch of yes men see
how can it be in L chamber if I'm doing
debates when I was talking against
Lauren southern roaming millennial Blair
White was that an echo chamber the [ __ ]
you talkin about dude and people will
this is one thing that you see you've
got you know cognitive bias and all that
you're like you're like using that
wealth you know everybody likes to use
those I mean I can if I if I ever say
word that's too good for you ask me to
explain it and I can break down the
concept I'm not trying to just say big
words oh so they understand why a guy
like you would want to use it but yeah
because I like to describe kind of real
things that I need to describe to make
my points again if it's too hard for you
I can break it down that's fine go ahead
no you probably wouldn't understand
anyway so go ahead like I'm talking to a
guy that's making funny were saying
cognitive bias like I'm using like a
[ __ ] out like a graduate-level term
here this is high school psych [ __ ] i if
it's too much for you I'm sorry this is
why I usually avoid conversations people
like you you're you're a big brain your
big brain problems I'll say that instead
of sometimes yeah I didn't know that
cognitive bias made you an intellectual
wow what's he done this against free
speech because I'm I'm usually the free
speech guy I'm usually talking Shelley
though so Trump putting together a panel
on fake news is a really scary thing
whether you believe that fake news
exists or not news news pages yes I know
I don't care whether you think it
doesn't note I'm saying whether or not
it does sure whether or not I think
whether or not it because if people lie
responsible like if I go onstage and
[ __ ] they spoke a bunch of fake Busha
then people are going to come in and
attack me yeah people can do it not the
government it's not the government's job
to check the media
who because the thing is well what if
the media were publishing a bunch of
lies about you what would be your course
of action I mean it would probably be
taking them to court for defamation you
don't see the difference between me a
private citizen and the President of the
United States dude can you explain why
why you thought that opinion was so
funny cuz of the dumbest [ __ ] gotcha
I've ever heard of my life I know how
much you know about American politics
you know I'm not the president correct
I'm not you actually I'm not even sure
legally if the president can't
personally sue something petty or if
like the DOJ has two laws of equal
everybody's equal until the eyes of the
law I don't know how that statement
relates to this at all basically the law
applies equal to evident equally to
everyone the law or the other could be a
homeless guy could be a bo you know as a
private says he's not just a private
citizen okay we're not we're not gonna
grab this is like delusion I don't know
we just have different views I think I'm
more stringent for the past 45 minutes
you've been arguing in favor of like
shutting down free speech I'm very much
in yes you are I'm very much in favor of
freedom of the press you're here telling
me that if Trump says if somebody posts
a mean thing about him he should be able
to take him to court where but you're
massively anti freedom of the press like
that's what that's the argument that
you've been given right now you just
said that the stop that's the origin of
the argument is that you were happy with
D platforming yes I'm not the President
of the United States not the president
me deep I'm voting somebody's not the
same as the president deployed for me
some but do you not understand that dude
I'm sorry I let me repeat it for a
fourth time you understand that I'm not
the President of the United States
correct Stephen are you okay I don't
know are you okay why do you keep
comparing me to Trump I'm not the
president dude you just got the last
hour talking to me about wide a form of
deep platforming the president united
going up to media is okay and this is
supposed to be a free speech debate
where you're telling me that I'm an t
for his page I don't understand what
this whole conversation is about I'm not
sure what it a bit but position clear
I'm not sure how you said that the
dossier is an example of fake news the
dossier was given to BuzzFeed by a
pretty credible foreign intelligence
agent you don't think they should be
allowed to publish that that is the most
fancy media free speech stance I've ever
heard in my life that's the fallacy man
just because someone has an experience
in a few doesn't mean that that unfollow
them it does I never see is there so
Ellen drive somebody muted in this call
did somebody just say that I said that
somebody to be infallible no I don't see
anybody else in here
I said you can I get either I'm getting
experience this firsthand where you say
dumb [ __ ] and it like drive like runs me
around in circles it does trigger me
dude you got you got me triggered I'm
not gonna lie it's not it's really just
need to tweet you I disagree and you go
off on a right [ __ ] run
I usually go off when I say eh and then
you go oh so you think B and then I go
no but we can discuss a if you want and
then you go he dodges a debate boys se
Jo for five says do you know how the
[ __ ] government works destiny v
Farrell and the only one here that does
yeah I like freedom of the press I'm
sorry that that bothers the [ __ ] out of
some Europeans so much I have a
fundamental distrust of government I
understand that your hands no I don't
think good as an American what oh I
don't know where the [ __ ] are you from
it's gold
well you're I'm okay she's just going
Thank You des I don't know what the [ __ ]
is dank EULA okay count is Europe
anymore I'm sorry I'm an ignorant
American am I am i confused
well we voted to leave the EU but I'm
sorry I didn't know that the European
Union stood for the continent of Europe
my being gas-lit right now I'm so
confused
holy [ __ ] I would never want the
government in the business of regulating
the media when you talk a lot about the
free market of ideas yeah sure
what about it but you want people V
platform's yeah for spreading like
misinformation yeah like you mean like
the media sure oh [ __ ] hold on I'm sorry
I forgot to mention I forgot to mention
this I forgot to mention this I'm not
the president but you keep forgetting
that but that's what are you Prince
James or whatever if you're Scottish do
you count
lies to royalty in the United Kingdom as
well as like Sabah I want you to get
arrested because you're on alive scummy
can you edit this footage so he doesn't
get [ __ ] thrown in jail for Nazi
salutes I don't know if that's legal or
not
hello it was good to finally get to talk
do you mind yeah I enjoyed the
experience it was everything I dreamed
about even it kind of sucks that you're
forced to like sell your labor at
another person and your whole life is
kind of [ __ ] because of that a chance of
becoming a capitalist or really slamming
