Darry punished dairy the slandered one
yep life comes at you fast day Oh what's
up I didn't reference to your cool hugs
all right hey I wasn't gonna bring up
drama stuff unless it was specifically
asked for me what I'm glad you did you
fell into my trap card are you ready are
you asking me or mr. moon I'm asking
either one really sure go fight I'm
ready all right well no the trap is you
you have to [ __ ] ask me the lug ask
you what you said mr. moves when they
brought it up I'm listen talk about you
want to talk about go hit us up it's
funny I guest room okay drama content it
up then all right
so people right now in chat I'm not I'm
not even looking at chat but I know it
it's grand a bunch of emotes that's
typical alright okay reaction to the
stream I bet they're not thinking about
it I bet people are like oh [ __ ] this
guy I hate this guy etc in chat and you
talk to him pull them aside you know
like hey man what was that about
explain yourself like you're like oh
it's just me man okay that's that would
you agree probably yeah a lot of people
do that [ __ ] yeah probably
alright so when someone pulls one or two
lines surrounded by emotes of something
to make you look biased you probably
know if you had even an ounce of
charitable 'ti in your interpretation to
someone you probably would consider you
know what maybe this person isn't
literally omegle lolling at this person
in a malicious way
possibly would you agree those are train
logs you wouldn't have said like why are
you bringing this like why are you
exposing them or do you that's no
absolutely not and I know your evidence
for that is the fact that I actually
said train right
I actually I said train am I wrong
yeah you said oh my god it's train right
it's a train or something yeah
closing print in that same thread it's
like this is an Irish laddie fan correct
wait why I don't remember
it's the same thread that you just
referenced the thing is I also said
Irish laddie omegle law so if I was
biased against train Omega law then I'm
biased against Irish lad yanmega law the
logics follows very simply as a matter
of fact and if a thread purposely
removes certain things in that context
and that logic and that build up a
premise
you could probably assume hey this
person's biased to further that bias if
you look up gain right
he's pinged me over a hundred times okay
I think Kane is meant over the last two
months he's been ignored the entire time
but he pings me all the time and every
time we see someone talking to me
he'll link them that thread that is
biased against it I'm just saying you
know what forehead law just ignore
someone which I even did sometimes isn't
enough sometimes you have to give
strangers a little bit of charity bility
it's can the guy that RT b I would email
me people sending him screenshots of
Kane like sending them sending them like
four members edges or was that pixel
shroom I think that's a pain to the guy
who like was I mean he's okay for on me
now he was the guy who like went super
duper [ __ ] hard on me and I had like
the pastebin link but he still kind of
does it with other people
yeah I can't there are a couple of
people in chat that are like mentally
unwell I think I'm pretty sure like this
is this yeah the surface he follows me
on Twitter and messages me he likes
people which is he follows me on other
people's dis cords this is a guy you're
trusting by the way to talk to judge me
by the way no I don't give a [ __ ]
weekend says mmm but you trust the logs
that you sets up uh-oh was that his I'm
just saying the lugs don't lie uh-uh
the logs do lie the logs are if you're
reacting to a stream and you're talking
let's say I'm talking to someone in this
dream like in the chat I'm like hey
you're a [ __ ] idiot and then in the
same thing I'm like hey destiny I
disagree and
blog center the lines and if you see a
string of logs it says hey I'd disagree
hey you're [ __ ] idiot you'll probably
assume I'm talking about destiny you
realize like when there's like 10
seconds in between things people say
it's probably not exactly linked
together I don't know why you'd pull
[ __ ] chat logs reacting to a stream
as like this definitive set of premises
that like that's mind-boggling like
dishonest I don't know what you say deci
don't be a [ __ ] coward when he was
talking about that and you know who else
said that like 20 other people in chat
at the same time that's cuz he panicked
removed someone from the disso everybody
and I wanted to see the drama I and
other people wanted to see the drama
don't even lie don't even like Rhapsody
is now why leak this [ __ ] like three
lines later yeah and then I thought
about it and then in the subject that I
that I took time to go through how I
felt exactly by the way that same
subreddit and I posted my own logs by
the way I'm like this is my initial
reaction like I thought it's strange I
was making fun of myself I posted that
before the other thread that just like
made it seem like I was bias towards
Irish laddie by the way so like my
integrity is completely intact as far as
like morals go and thinking about the
situation well you're an Asian being
like my friend right and then I know you
were being really friendly like you
subbed to me like multiple times right
yeah okay and I go through your logs
only doing whatever he can to suck
Destiny's dick and maintain his career
he doesn't have his own opinions and
that was in specific reaction to what
Irish Lottie was talking about on
history several weeks ago by the way
before all this other drama happened do
you understand why I've called you a
snake in the past like a spineless
chameleon I understand you don't quite
understand how the situation's full
context and
came to a conclusion based off of what
you'd thought you knew I can understand
that but after elaborating I feel like
you would then understand me please
elaborate okay so if I say hey this guy
is a leech that was in directory this is
just a [ __ ] burning you stream right
now so I said that because specifically
what was said on our slanty stream is
that hey this guy is calling me leech
right now and I'm like in my response to
that is when did I call you in leech
know he called our [ __ ] a leech this
is what he said you said I don't even
know if it's true gentlemen people say
things I try to believe them and not
assume that they're lying so he said
that you'd call him a leech don't think
I've ever I think I called him mentally
ill once and in his he said that he is
mentally ill before right you said that
now any freaked out and then I think you
said that in return I don't think you
ever call me crazy but yeah this is
really poor I'm sorry but yeah but no
all these reactions that you like pulled
for me like the bloody buddies think
thing or whatever or you assume it's
directly in response to some other stuff
on stream you told him to kill himself
so normally that's just a meme in chat
but I don't take that too much I mean
like suicide is a big deal
all right so I get a little pissed when
people who I think are okay with each
other tell each other to kill Dan [ __ ]
Terry cipher oh 324th kill yourself anam
kill yourself Moo fishy make you love
yourself now since rack and kill
yourself she's doing the height pill
short guys ohhh''ing that's not one
patrol oh wait hold on petrol bomb
people you throw a kill yourself all the
time and it's just a meme apparently so
your logs directly contradict what
you're saying cuz it's not a my name we
just had we just had a discussion about
taking in certain logs right so I am I
supposed to take in
which large do you want you to take in
dari the the ones where people are
replying to each other and you look at
it and you consider you told Dan to kill
himself do you think you dance thought
you're just naming you think you two
were just hanging out buds well I'll
give two responses one yes because we
heard him talk about his racist drama
and stuff and that was you know whatever
mean context that's fine we're
discarding that but if someone I know is
saying certain things in a mean context
like hey you know kill yourself blah
blah blah I like this league champ
blah blah blah something like that
that's a little different than in a
situation where people are heated in
telling each other to kill themselves I
don't think my situation was that Eden
so let's talk about the big one then so
if there were some post acute dairy all
right
I don't want to kill myself and you're
[ __ ] mean I don't want you to like
say okay I am glad you brought that up
you guys bring up things that I wanted
to bring up it's like it's make you make
this really easy it's early--you yeah we
truly fell into your trap card day truly
I see your logs are just a passion of
Trevor okay
yeah the logs and then the responses so
what is fire holy Sh dude you don't even
know cuz there was something I even
literally had it written down because I
like to go for a walk and I had two
things written down this is one of them
is now a Tier one subscribers like hey
look at this guy he posted that thread
life comes at you fast whatever that
mean I just commented on the thread
I said you linked it I said you linked
oh my [ __ ] bad
alright go ahead but but but you said
spineless chameleon because you're like
look at this guy hide his logs what a
what a spineless chameleon oh yes fine
this chameleon because you changed your
opinion in the period of 30 seconds
spineless because you're very upset
again the thread a chameleon because you
changed with the ebbs and flows of the
environment as you saw there you see how
that
not about your logs about your sneaky
demeanor is really key here because I
don't get to you then you've conceded
the argument you conceded it you could
see they do I conceded nothing I just
got tired of arguing with you and I felt
it like agreeing with you it was the
easiest way to have you not like go full
like I don't know turn me into a
lampshade or something turn you into the
lampshade I don't know that maybe I'm
sorry
google it all right stop talking about
it
listen oh it's a jujube okay no it's not
a Jew joke it's a serial killer it's not
a joke man there is some really
high-quality [ __ ] furniture made out
of these people anyway I I don't I don't
know what that she's responding anyway
the thing that you can see that you dan
dan was I'm like hey guess what I posted
my own logs before that thread even came
up by the way that's because the thread
got like a hundred down votes is like
two hundred votes and then like
eventually it was like not on the front
page but I posted you my own thread of
that or at least I mentioned it and then
you can see to the point I don't know if
these logs are meant to incriminate me
and I'm trying to hide them not only the
people's eyes you're wrong I don't give
a [ __ ] about the people the people in
jessamine
the people never make mistakes just go
slither back to the chameleon tree
listen you just keep you just keep
saying these vague add-ons I'm doing dan
dan dumbass [ __ ] you Dan [ __ ] you Dan
oh yeah [ __ ] saying not to do at home
I'm sorry I'm not a [ __ ] you dairy
that's good yes yeah spineless chameleon
back to this five million
listen you said I want to be your friend
you gave me a heart what yes sorry cozy
day okay I'll tell you why you want to
know I'm normally I won't do this I'll
do it for you Tom McCullar sake videos
you looked
[ __ ] batshit insane and I was people
messaging me like dude this guy
literally is a serial killer he's gonna
find you in each I was like wait you're
joking really he's like no he'll never
let it go he's gonna end your [ __ ]
life he'll be obsessed with you and I
was like okay well I need to solve this
problem immediately Terry you're right
boy did I [ __ ] up but you know what now
I'm not
Freitas serial killers Wow good because
the one that tells people you'll send
them out to kill them poor loopy dkf
cinch at four oh my god you've got to be
do you send me like at least no no we're
fine okay oh is that the veteran that
you almost got the kill so can you wait
how many years did you do for us wait
wait wait I'm up with the party Neiman
do your 20 oh you weren't the guy who oh
there was someone who came on it was
talking about being a vet he was like I
didn't make it out of boot camp I
thought well how many years in boot camp
how many times did you try what what are
the Marine Corps it's just two months
well how many times can you try once
really if you fail one time at a boot
kick and I want to try again
the military I get [ __ ] triggered
okay because you're obviously the
military expert maybe once four years is
a little I mean maybe the guy trying
okay listen listen if you qualify for
boot camp you go through the little
[ __ ] surveys they check you out the
grab your balls you COFF all that good
stuff once you're in the military yeah I
mean this is also you have to pass PFT
so you already have to do like a certain
mile certain pull-ups all this others
qualification by the way this is 2008 so
maybe things have changed but while
you're in if you fail certain things
like if you feel rifle qual they'll put
you back a week they'll put you back the
week and give you like chances to try
again so if unless you get like shot or
some other medical should happen to get
med step for the military likely you'll
be pushed through until you can beat the
actual qualification swim call rifle
qual fifty qualifications all these
certain things unless like you really
suck at it and then you're trying to get
out and then but it's hard because it
looks bad on the young MCRD so okay
oh after doing taxes I'm right wing now
yeah yeah right like you're a college or
a soft liberal then you grow up and even
come to Republican mmm
I'm not right-wing whether he's right I
don't think chameleons can have
political affiliations yeah so did we
get that is that you're exonerated he
won the chat is in your favor as it
should be because I try to generally I
try to spread I mean I'm literally like
the number one or two chatter no no no
you pull like one log out of like ten
thousand I'm sorry
capita is that per capita that's might
be per capita because of the DD GE
sistex thing pickle man certain everyone
chatter you're like number 3000 well
maybe like the last month because I
wasn't here but like generally I'm like
good pop listen
don't I can tell that you're the worst
chatter if you can bring up some kind of
evidence listen you know what you just
you just convicted yourself right there
by saying you [ __ ] spam III all
[ __ ] day okay wrap it up I got viewer
Collins okay you guys are taking away
from my beards I'm sorry yeah we have
like ten more [ __ ] commies to come in
here and convince you that this [ __ ] is
great yeah oh that was one of the three
things I've written down so the commie
thing I know I'm not arguing for
communism so chill listen it's me
remember the reasonable got here so
don't come at destiny with hey I have
this plan to change the entire world
okay
comic destiny like hey here's this
shitty thing in the society what does it
mean I have to write a research research
it would be amazing he doesn't he
doesn't to engage with mine Kampf you
just want to engage with DES Kapital
like he just compared s capital my Kampf
guys get him I'm just saying cuz like it
you did the mean get a day we're like
hey that's not a Nazi did you even read
mine Kampf like didn't even need s
capital
yeah just like be consider your audience
this is for destiny now to consider your
audience when you have these arguments
with people very 88 Steve Dumanis sorry
Jerry is pretty charismatic I gotta say
probably the most charismatic man I've
met are you gonna make assumptions about
how I feel about horse [ __ ] to next no
no okay good I'm glad we've grown from
this conversation we're now more
charitable and make less assumptions
about people based on how you feel at
the time cool nice well we're gonna drag
in the next person thanks Dave for
exonerating yourself wait he knows that
I didn't want to talk about what are
your nested fiber optic
telecommunications I wanted to know and
how that actually like affects your life
that's something I struggle with how do
I personally feel about solemn sysm yeah
so you feel like you could possibly be
the only mine that exists only like
quote unquote true conscious if you want
evidence to call me crazy I guess this
is it because I feel like I'm pretty
little pretty solid sister place wait
what okay wait so what how does it
affect your life in an immeasurable way
I question when people look do certain
things like this situation to me feels a
little bizarre like the conversation we
have the drama this is why I prepared
for it and it manifests itself in a lot
of consistent ways I think
did you ever see The Truman Show you
know but I've know enough about what
it's about
yeah okay so like this dude's life is
completely like basically manufacturing
mm-hmm
it's a show and certain [ __ ] happens to
them based on like viewership etc or
someone having direct control basically
over certain things I feel like that
happens to me because I've given a lot
of anonymous stories to people online
like through different through different
measures it's probably the two people in
here in the chat that actually know like
maybe from other streams or whatever
okay
and it bothers me like sometimes it
keeps me up at night because of how much
I feel like I'm at the center of the
world as like a way to like oversimplify
everything like I feel like the certain
situations I'm like how could you not
perceive that this situation is this
Sunday man go through life like not
thinking I just a teeny bit deeper about
what you're doing yeah I mean I don't
think I can like salt like solecism for
you if that's what you're trying to just
want to say Gary I actually I take back
what I said then that I do like you and
you're good dude okay please don't hurt
my oh my god you had to end I was gonna
say things buddy but [ __ ] you know
whatever still thanks buddy I'll take it
that's that's as much of a dan as I get
thanks anyway seriously I don't I'm not
saying to solve it but how do you how do
you do because you mentioned it before
so I'm not sure if you deal with the
same consequences they're like big
questions that I feel weird but in terms
of like the feeling that like things
aren't real or whatever I think that's
largely abated I think for me it was
just like because from what I've been
told is that you just need like some
time to process things for things to not
feel because like let's assume that the
world is real if it is I mean like you
live in it and you're processing it like
so much that you kind of have to start
to feel like things are really gone
assuming that like everything is working
right so
mmm I mean unless you like you might
have like some general anxiety or some
[ __ ]
and you need to get that [ __ ] fixed I
feel like this is why I think you could
be late maybe a little bit more to what
I'm saying is because you're someone
that's like famous so you question like
if someone comes up to you and like
maybe says something that's similar like
oh I like the saxophone you like wait a
minute this person might know something
about me from the stream like do you
know I'm saying well yeah I mean it was
worth coming because since my life is
like so exceptional like for a while it
was like really hard to understand if
things were real relating to that or 0rz
has resupplies I'm coming from where I
feel like people do certain things to me
and I'm not even famous obviously and
it's like wait how did you know that or
why don't you do this thing it's a
little like suspicious in a way yeah I
mean I thought I don't know what to say
I don't know how I can possibly help you
with this question what could I possibly
say I mean like I still it's still a
rational thing because I don't make
assumptions based off it like I don't
act like yeah you're basically asking
like how can I make you feel like your
reality is real like I don't know how
what I could possibly answer this
question when I have no idea how I could
satisfy this
maybe not answer but just how you cope
but I guess you kind of already answered
that right you just kind of given yeah I
mean I guess it's like a time process
and I still don't have like good answers
like it's something that I'd spend a
great deal of time thinking about this
stupid [ __ ] like all the [ __ ] time
now so alright okay that was like the
last sure if you can find a way that
would make like a logical thought an
emotional one I guess like the thought
is somewhere where you have to recognize
it like whether or not things are real
or not it doesn't matter there's like
all you can kind of go on is what you
have now and to consider anything else
leads you to absurdity I mean that's
like an intellectual thought if you
could find some way to like integrate
that emotionally then I mean that's kind
of the answer right so like for instance
like everything in your life could be
faked or not real you could be a
brain-in-a-vat or something
but reasonably there's no way to live
like that you kind of have to assume
things are real and anything else leads
you to absurdity so yeah and I'm saying
this I guess from my own point of view
because I can't really like afford
therapy I'm barely affording college and
everything at the moment like maybe
going to therapy oh yeah my I mean you
might have to shop around for therapist
but yeah sure maybe in a little bit
about me is that I was homeless since I
was 14 and I would literally sit on the
beach and read philosophy books that I
got from the public library cuz smart
phones aren't really a thing and then I
would read up on it as a way to pass and
then Pete my clothes I'm getting dirty
that used to like pay for basic things
I'll still try to go through high school
damn okay it's been it's been it's been
interesting that I don't know a lot of
things anyway my try monologue so um
okay thanks for the I guess your opinion
on it
yeah no problem be careful good luck
yeah okay I love you
[Music]
