you do some Naruto hand signs I don't
[ __ ] know who sent me a message I'm
disappointed so send me another message
I'll drag you out if you want to chat oh
no I don't care no I'm good I don't care
about the pedophile [ __ ] please [ __ ] off
I don't care I have no problems of not
offending pedophiles that these
arguments are more boring than the
incest arguments cuz holy [ __ ] they
people get mad as [ __ ] about that [ __ ]
with so I don't care what's the fallout
you had with REM why doesn't come on
right well how do I have followed with
remedies haven't talked to him in a
while I don't I don't all right I don't
think we had a fallout did we do they
one no good someone update me on this
how's the new place looks like you got
some sunlight going on oh I'm glad I've
tricked you into thinking that it's kind
of like the Sun but not quite destiny
thoughts this is they pipe the the
advertisement directly through your
stream they do not overlay the stream
you cannot add bucket it's sent directly
and they're offering this advertisers
right now mm-hmm
this is the future twitch oh yeah you
thought you're gonna be wet black rubber
[ __ ] you
big corporate boy is coming for that
booty dude you guys are gonna watch
whereas any better [ __ ] scene it's
gonna [ __ ] blast network TV other
[ __ ] water dude it's gonna be in such
a net and sure stream is gonna be what's
gonna rig it to you and you can't stop
it a box not gonna do [ __ ] it's not it
can't be that simple that's not oh [ __ ]
I want to contradict Devin but it can't
it can't be that simple if you want a
pipe and add directly into the video
delivery you can do it but you need um
you have to do a region check at some
point that's the whole point of
delivering ads and I think it's normally
the region check is what people look for
right when it comes to a deblocking [ __ ]
if you can either spoof a new region or
block the region check on an ad can't be
delivered but each stream has a an edge
node per region what do you mean by that
Atlantis not everyone is connected to
the same server to get the stream
delivered it's cross data center so it
is that simple wait so you think that um
when they do the advertising delivery
all they do is they check the they just
check the last no do you think there's
not like an actual doesn't twitch
already use the slipstream tech for some
of their ads and people still add luck
[ __ ] I'd have to go read more about it
slipstream app I'm almost positive it's
possible to UM to add block these
slipstream ads okay what about making so
what about what dansad and chat how
about the fact that you want the
advertisement to be clickable on stream
to bear arms as a post about it I don't
want to read [ __ ] alliance 200 our
TBA actually meant was saying Twitter
oldest up two years ago and currently
because of how they have a configure to
sterilize on a cookie which means it's
still kind of easy to blog to your blog
post here switch there's so many legacy
apps oh she's an old automating software
it's pot maybe it's possible they can
configure this to like be unblockable at
some point but I don't think I don't
think it's true yet ex-nazi with a hot
take the most dangerous white
nationalist brainwashing us are not
always people like Richard Spencer David
Duke those who masks their intentions
mind pseudo philosophy race bills and
misogyny of skepticism like stefan
molyneux sam harris and Jordan Peterson
are worse I don't like that tweet I
don't think Sam Harris is a white
nationalist unless I missed out on a lot
of [ __ ] I also don't think Jordan
Peterson is a white nationalist I don't
know how Jordan Peterson and Sam Harris
are listed alongside stefan molyneux who
is like a blatant like white nationalist
i feel like it's a really dumb tweet how
did the dinner with a head my guy go do
you have a get-out-of-jail-free um i
actually liked it a lot
i feel a lot more comfortable i think i
can be more edgy than i thought it could
be on twitch and i'll be okay i think do
you think fetishizing of a racist racist
um i don't know it's a really hard one
it could be it's possible it couldn't be
don't link me clips guys it takes up a
lot of my data hold on why are you doing
this click here to configure GC stop
make people donate for the data and [ __ ]
up myself I can horrible I'm not gonna
do it how many video link clicks from
you will this by none I can't I don't
have the data why but thank you for all
thanks said you know I thought you link
something okay just don't like me videos
guys okay I love you over
okay chill I don't need the money to
like stream okay calm dad I find oh yeah
yeah holy [ __ ]
just chill do you check your emails yeah
I do but I'm kind of behind right now I
should probably be doing that instead of
playing this I need to beat this dumbass
[ __ ] game so I stop wasting so much
time on it um
you gave a defendant of advice someone
in a very similar situation to the one
that you regret the most in your life
what for they friend killed himself I
don't know dude I really don't know what
the right answer is I'm not sure there
is a right answer
follow your heart pray to Jesus he'll
help you da da Fund aya aya feed Nathan
hey destiny did you see Britney Bunny's
video about idubbbz girlfriend yeah she
did like a Content cop on her can't she
get banned off of twitch because Anita
is also a twitch partner for any event
he's been banned off twitch for a long
time hasn't she
destitute destiny desires data feed
Nathan asked about having a conversation
should I sign it you know
listen just [ __ ] message me I discard
spyro David message me on discord guys
listen here's the rule if you want to
talk to me don't send me an email be
like hey I don't understand your
position or something let's talk or hey
I you know thought it was a debate black
belt but I'm actually debate Blue Bell
and I want to test my skills and you
don't [ __ ] say are you all in you too
Stephen [ __ ] like this okay if you don't
have something like very specific that
you want to talk about don't [ __ ]
email me about this [ __ ]
they dream daddy simulator there after
you do okay unblock me on dis card I
start want contact about pizza once
again I mean if you need something email
me why would i unblock you have you
already wasted my time like spamming my
[ __ ] and then taking screenshots of it
like no like [ __ ] off what the [ __ ] I
should be anywhere my [ __ ] chat vocal
base is way up no it's not I could take
it turn it up if you want hold on
alright what's it good let's see there
we go that's too much hold on what's
that youtuber the youtubers only go for
you we gotta take our mids a little
there we go there you go is that what
you want not compensating by the way
alright
[ __ ] that [ __ ] yeah markiplier mode
activated did you guys see Bella's new
blue hair
was that wait show us what out cute look
at how cute this hair is look at that
color
Wow such blue such purple that's the
color we're gonna die boys if I ever hit
my sub goal which I'm not going to
because I haven't been streaming at all
oh sorry oh my god
Oh actually that would look really crazy
to have like mashing colleagues never
mind maybe not
please don't match me ever yes when I
brought it up before you're like oh that
would be so cute actually but you can
act you can act all hard and tough
restrain if you want that's okay buddy
should dye her hair red and our beard
white for what so I could be Santa Claus
the [ __ ] does that even mean destiny
instead of changing hair color could you
cosplay like sneaky no nice try though
no D&D on the second thanks Lily just
[ __ ] us all up make sure you guys read
it or later for that what the [ __ ] was
that why did you ignore my 300 bits
donation I will tell his son on you
I didn't they just don't go through oh
three nerds I cancel my netflix account
second seventy did I make the right
choice oh thanks well apparently you
didn't because I ignored your 300 pet
donation so yeah weird associations are
safer on us to be a legislator because
they have bad vagina experiences I have
never in my life
understood the tie-in between how
seafood tastes and how a vagina - I've
never gotten that before my life I don't
know if I just haven't found enough
fishy women or what but um the smell I
have never smelled a vagina that smell
like fish before either
maybe I neither finding the wrong
vaginas or the wrong fish but I don't
know come from the hot share when you
chatted with Paige on tinder she
definitely tasted like a fish what the
[ __ ] does that mean
Oh catfish nice if you have something
going on with your vagina it smell fishy
yeah like um is it is it vaginosis
what's like what are you guys doing how
are you so stupid you're so stupid like
that one wait oh there is some i hobbit
was near my house and every night like
every now and then there was this really
fat woman I'm not trying to rag on fat
people what sometimes they smell real
bad and they don't know it there was
this real large lady at any time she
walked near you
she had the Fupa going and there was a
real nest
[ __ ] rancid vag smell that would come
from her god it was so [ __ ] gross and
knowing that's what you're smelling oh
my god it was so gross
Oh any time she would turn around
you could smell her if you can smell
that fat-ass is any type of how it's
gonna be with his son since he moved yes
I hate my kid I'm never gonna see him
again the whole reason I moved actually
was just to get as far away from him as
possible that's not just that I hate my
kid I just hate children in general so I
figure this is the easiest way to do it
it was a beautiful tank I don't think
that there is such a thing as ethical
capitalism but then again what this guy
did
Hey I'm done dude then I'm done they
listen did it I doesn't feel I've talked
to him as intended
I've been around twitch I've said well
did it it's impossible to have a
reasonable discussion with him about any
of this [ __ ] is it always ends up his
main point is what is that [ __ ]
communism dude it's impossible to talk
to
he's breaking the communism it's
impossible do anything feels bad man
that makes me so sad it's not entirely
wrong okay
what kind of edgy shed do you think is
fine no after your dinner with the twist
shooters
okay well tonight's the night we're
gonna test it so we're pretty sure as
long as we're having a responsible
discussion and I'm not using it as an
insult I'm like 92% sure but I should be
allowed to say the words like [ __ ] or
[ __ ] within the context of an
appropriate discussion this is something
that I have talked about in great detail
with them but as long as we're not like
using it as an insult towards people or
whatever it should be okay but I guess
if I because if I get pan now huh I'll
go back on that dude he'll be like
listen up dude you [ __ ] baited me
[Music]
