well hey what's up hey can you hear me
now yeah I sure can
okay is that good enough because my mic
isn't working right now so I just have
to use my laptop microphone um yeah that
should be fine yeah yep my video is
normally like on my stream I'm streaming
is that okay let me yeah I can't really
there's not like an easy way for me to
get it under stream so it's not it's you
can leave it up if you want or not but
it's not nobody much you love him yeah
yeah I was just wondering you need to
like see me when I'm talking because I
guess that's not necessary sure I mean
it's up to you out okay okay how you
doing buddy I'm crazy like two days how
are you I'm doing okay I'm just doing
what I do
yeah I've been really enjoying your
content lately I discovered you failing
recently and I've been enjoying it yeah
well that's cool I'm glad to hear it
yeah I like how you a lot of the
critiques you know like the skeptic
community is like a lot of things I say
so yeah there are more people speaking
on that yeah and that's kind of what um
I guess that's kind of what we're here
to talk about today oh that's more what
I was interested in talking about I'm
not sure have you had anything in
particular no I was just I figured I
might just I would just ask you I would
just let you ask me questions and I
would answer always streaming right now
I do i yeah we're yeah okay um I think I
hear like a motorcycle on your laptop do
you hear that
no I don't
do I don't know what it is it is it like
the fan in the laptop spinning or
something yeah I can still hear it oh
okay what uh for your other microphone
what wasn't working on it or what kind
of microphone is it it's just like a h4
but maybe I should just call you my five
hope it just stopped okay
I'm guessing it's probably the internal
laptop fan and it's maybe good I'll tell
you if it turns on again okay okay all
right sorry no it's fine it's like I
said a huge deal but um um so I guess um
I don't man I don't even know where to
begin I mean everything you said I
mostly agree with I think there's not
much that's disagreeable I guess like my
um my big problem with with the skeptic
view and all of these people that are
tangental to it is that it seems like
people it seems like people are very
surface level and the way that they
engage with things like with very little
critical thought which is ironic given
their the skeptic community but a good
example of that and there's a million
examples but I'll focus on the one that
you kind of talk about in your video is
what is your responsibility in terms of
like the in terms of how people
interpret your messaging and it seems
like that's just something that most
skeptic people just have no desire in
the world whatsoever to deal with like
they've never thought about it they
don't care about it they don't know
anything about it
do you understand what I mean when I say
that in terms of like how people in
general I say yeah like hardline
theoretical kind of approach to politics
which doesn't really work I mean maybe
if they were like in a university
classroom they could talk about things
the way they do without really thinking
about how does this impact the the
broader world and how how will this fall
upon the ears of others ah but I realize
that you know politics doesn't really
work that way and and also like public
speech doesn't work that way either and
so I actually think it's really
dangerous because I think they're
injecting the wrong framework into into
public discourse you know in public
discourse you have to consider how
things will be interpreted by others
even though those other people may not
even interpret it the most charitably
you still have to consider that and be
mindful of that and just denying it is
is in my opinion very irresponsible yeah
I know say I agree with you a trillion
percent there and at the very least like
if somebody were to say you know I
understand that I'm having this impact
and I don't care even if I disagree with
them I could at least respect that point
of view but when I absolutely don't
respect is is what you're is what you're
saying is that people that pretend like
it doesn't happen like that drives me
crazy a really good example of that has
to do with the with the with the Trump
stuff right so somebody will make a
million videos making fun of feminists
making fun of sjw's making fun of
Democrats making fun of Hillary may get
mad at Bernie and then you know you'll
you'll say something I'm like hey like
you're you said you're a liberal right
like that's kind of weird that all you
do is spend all your time criticize and
they'll be like I don't support Trump I
never said that anywhere I don't support
Charles like okay well you understand
that you could like build like an entire
fanbase of like hardcore right-wing
people because of the type of content
you put out right well that's not my
fault if they interpret my message that
way that's not my fault that people see
it that way it was like oh yeah
in our strict sense of things of course
they can be a leftist and a backhaul
channel just criticizing the critics of
Trump like in the very strict sense I
mean they're not saying anything that's
you know against their leftist
principles per se by criticizing critics
of Trump or making fun of them but like
once again that is so technical that it
just ignores a whole body of meaning the
that is that is translated to whatever
audience so it says something when
you're only ever criticizing or making
in front of the critics of Trump rather
than ever like criticizing Trump it's a
there's subtext there and so like I
don't like using this term but there's
almost like an what's the word
monomaniacal technical interpretation of
everything do you know what I mean like
what I technically didn't like say
anything I know I'm not gonna bury the
word but i 100% know exactly what you're
saying yeah it's yeah yeah it's exactly
what I said before where people will
like spend all of their time criticizing
like one point of view and and then
you'll be like okay well it kind of
seems like you're they don't believe in
anything implicit like it sounds like
you're implicitly supporting the other
side ah show me a video where I made it
where I said I absolutely love Donald
Trump I bet you can't show me that
videos like okay well but you don't have
to put that video out to have everybody
think that that's what you feel you know
like when we're in the call with roaming
millennial and Lauren southern and Nick
Fuentes is talking about how he would
like electroshock therapy you know all
trans people it's like okay now you
might not think that but when you don't
say anything against it and when he goes
even further to say that like all women
belong at home women would be women just
wouldn't get sexually assaulted in the
workplace if they didn't go to the
workplace when you sit there silently
about it you know it kind of gives you
it seems I give like this implicit
approval of it but then they'll always
say like well you know like roaming
millennial well I didn't actually come
out and support anything that Nick said
in the conversations like okay well then
I'll then often off to that stream like
critics of how she acted on that stream
told her that you know talk about like
how he was basically telling me to get
electroshock therapy I mean she was like
retweeting those critics criticisms I'm
being like come on guys he never said
electroshock therapy like what do you
think that comes off as are you kidding
me
then I had an iota [ __ ] argument with
Nik Fuentes just the other day and he
retweeted me and basically said because
he talked about how Richard Spencer
should not speak so lightly or so easily
or so recklessly about you know child
pornography and stuff and think about
the impact that that has and i retweeted
them and said well maybe you shouldn't
directly [ __ ] around about the idea of
putting converting putting trans woman
through conversion therapy i Neera
treated me and told me like that's not
me being reckless that's my official
policy position yeah but oh he's just
trolling ride he's just [ __ ] trialing
i eventually deleted that might might my
tweets of him because his disgusting
followers started flooding my mind
notifications and stuff and I was like
okay this was a bad idea never mind but
when says is legitimately Fuentes and
and I pretty sure all sup are
legitimately like white nationalists are
you aware of that yes okay yeah like
full-on yeah yeah like folder yeah it's
it's hard to pick out who isn't who
isn't these days because some people dog
whistle it's so hard it makes it hard to
keep track but um yeah they're full on
like admittedly of it in terms of what
you talkin out there like there's this
like when when grummy Molina is like
well he didn't actually say that and
this is one of the things that drives me
those crazy is it we're addressing the
crazies when you talk about things like
economics or social issues you are
talking about incredibly complicated
nuanced topics and they want to remove
like all of the new ones from everything
and try to boil it down to these really
easy yes to no questions I remember when
I was talking to Sargon about um you
know like the plight of black people in
the United States and in Sargon's entire
solution to the black you know problems
in the US was literally like they just
need to get married and the family will
fix all of our problems and like I'm
trying to explain to him like okay well
marriage is usually something that
happens after you're somewhat successful
you know there are precursors to getting
married and he's like okay show me the
law that keeps them from getting married
and it's like nothing works that way
like nothing is ever going to be that
simple and you run into the same things
with women as well right what people
will say things like I'm like what women
don't experience discrimination today
show me one law that says a woman can't
go
to college for something I get a jobs
I'm just like dude like nothing is it
doesn't work that way
okay no and it's like so frustrating cuz
how can somebody be so stupid like it's
anything with racism or discrimination
like okay like black people
there is no racism against black people
in United States today really how can
you say that
show me the KKK people like hanging
black people off of trees oh well I
guess you got me
yeah you know I'm talking to you in like
two breaks is that directed that's what
I kind of was for for a long time but
then I saw like the rise of like actual
like racists and anti-semites yeah and
also like more like personally in love
with regarding my work I saw like actual
transphobic people under the guise of
like the aunt yes you're W community
this get to community and moreover I saw
the skeptic people it's making excuses
for them like they still do yeah and
then I realized what the [ __ ] is going
on
and then I learn more about like I
became more sensitive to like the
subtleties the implicit stuff because
yeah you know like I think as I said in
my video like I kind of thought of like
this generation of like people who are
politically minded who feel who are
overreacting to I guess like a very PC
culture where everything can be
interpreted as racist or bigoted which
is also obviously not good you know
there's obviously the extreme on the
left as well but it's so over correcting
that now we throw the idea away of like
subtext and implicit unlike and you know
the more subtle interpretations of
things that are just as if not more
important ways of in which meaning is
conveying my I think a lot of these
people are they're are so communicating
a message an intact
an unintended message that they well
that they don't intend to and it's not a
message that they actually stand by I
don't think but they're just too naive
and and narrow-minded I guess to really
see that I don't know yeah it's a lack
of emotional intelligence sometimes I
feel like and that's like that's
probably the thing that hurt
me the most is it like when I look at
are you familiar like some of with
Sargon's work unfortunately yeah okay so
like Sargon is somebody that I hate
Sargon I hate all of his work but I
really don't think that Sargon is racist
and I don't think he hates women I
really don't believe that I don't think
like deepen his core I don't think it
believes that but the problem is that
his messaging is so on point that it
like it would be the exact same coming
from somebody that actually did like hey
minorities wait until he gets like crazy
like like Islamophobic crazy
anti-immigration crazy Pro lepen crazy
Pro brexit like his positions he's like
his is his applied positions become like
indistinguishable from somebody that is
like filled with extreme hatred and it
becomes really difficult I always say
that like like an example I give it's
like if I had ten if I had ten racist
people in the room I would rather deal
with ten racist people than with three
racist people and then seven quote
unquote centrists that are kind of like
making excuses for him because it
becomes like really hard to call out
somebody for being racist when you've
got people that are constantly making
excuses for their behavior and that's
something that I've noticed I'm that you
kind of mentioned earlier is that people
are out like Fuentes talking about
Spencer like I think you should be
really careful about your position on
child privy blah blah blah like people
are very charitable
especially the skeptics are insanely
charitable towards people that they are
like politically aligned with but if
it's somebody that they're against could
you imagine if like a left-leaning
person had made Spencer's argument I'm
not trying to be too self-serving here
but like if a left-leaning person had
made like an argument similar dispensers
they would be jumping all over them
about how this guy loves child porn bla
bla bla bla bla but because it's
somebody that they politically aligned
with to some extent they're gonna make
tons of excuses for why what they said
is okay and you know why yeah isn't that
kind of disturbing that's our holds
interests in effect by their actions
they align themselves with the all right
you know they're so supercritical and
uncharitable they will pick the worst
example of an SJW yeah then they're like
the most charitable towards the yeah
right
so like this that tell me that you're
aligning yourself with the alright and
that's disturbing that in today's day
and age what we call centrist at least
on YouTube are aligning themselves with
fascist yeah and like I mean you saw
sticks recently come out as like the
left is scarier than the ought right so
I'm gonna align myself with the
alt-right I did you see these tweaks by
Stix I think he may get a video about it
yeah he did all right in his debate with
Spencer yeah but I was a little bit like
that I wasn't too sure of him something
didn't seem right and then I sold those
tweets and I was like okay yeah that I
don't know about that guy that one of
the creep actually what I don't really
know sexy that I described to his
channel just like last week and then I
unsubscribe because he was making too
many too much content with really
uninteresting titles so yeah one of the
one of the things that I thought was so
[ __ ] hilarious
you do remember you've seen like the
mouthy Buddha videos unlike the Nazi
Germany [ __ ] or whatever man like mafia
does another guy that I can't really
quiet
ah so I suck yeah so like this was
hilarious to me is that he presents the
most sympathetic view possible to Hitler
and Nazi Germany the most possible the
the highest degree of sympathy you ever
show for Hitler videos have been being
nice to kids and giving all the reasons
why the Jewish Question is valid and you
know all this stuff and then when people
call them out on it people like hey you
know like this is kind of comes off as
literally like Nazi propaganda my dude
and everybody's like in that even Sargon
I remember this this um because they
probably never heard this right so one
person said it they're like oh well
we're just steel Manning the argument
we're just making their argument as
strong as possible we're just stealing
any arguments that's really interesting
so are you telling you them that you
believe in steel Manning arguments if I
go into your YouTube channel and I look
at some feminist critique are you
engaging with actual like feminism in
terms of like in an academic sense are
you engaging with feminist literature
with feminist speakers and actual like
hard to deal with feminist problems or
you literally just copy pasting stupid
quotes from [ __ ] Tumblr and Twitter
or blue haired women screaming in a
youtube video and you're saying that
that represents all of feminism why is
it that the only argument you're
interested in steel Manning is literal
Nazism but you won't steal man feminism
or still man you know anything related
to the LGBT community or still like
anything related to liberal politics oh
my god this new you're speaking the
truth right now but like the things
about the Buddha is like
I have really long time signing or not
he actually deemed me like after I post
my video and he said he actually really
appreciated the video that I made so
like I'm having a hard time too son
summing him up in terms of like where he
is but I do agree with you that his
videos on the alt-right was like a red
flag for me mm-hmm
but yeah so that's the thing is like the
left often I find people on the left
they often have a bit more like I guess
emotional maturity or they're more
sensitive to like the subtle messaging
and the subtext of what think people are
saying and so they often would you know
call people racists or misogynistic
whatever and it it comes across as they
have no evidence because nobody actually
directly said anything sexist but then
like in my experience they were right
about a lot of these people do you know
what I mean and so I found that's the
lift there kind of not that I think I
just realized they're much better at
summing up the character of people than
the right and they're also there are
always right but I just realized they're
more right than I thought they were
about the character of people yeah their
messaging is just really [ __ ]
aggressive sometimes which hurts a lot
one thing that I criticized the left or
or I guess progressive politics a lot
for is that like we need more words to
describe things so for instance like the
and this sounds really bad right it
depending how you clip this out of
context right but you know 20 years ago
if somebody said that they were raped
you know like that's something that
conveys an immediate meaning to me of a
horrible despicable act that is just
absolutely disgusting and you know like
