hello what's up dude what's up dude okay
I'm going to I'm gonna do it we're just
gonna do a quick 10 minute countdown
okay
yeah okay or I'm gonna do 10 minutes of
talion with us so that Chad doesn't get
to trigger because this is we're gonna
do have these folks I don't talk about
movies that spoils [ __ ] that okay all
right yeah sounds good hey mute the
stream now don't onion until the timer
is up guys good luck okay you're my big
problem over you want to defend it first
or what uh yeah go ahead and give me
like just kind of your overall sure so
my big issue was so and the very start
of the movie it I think it's pretty
obvious that there's been a swap right
because I suspect like when there's the
line with the one ladies like I just
want my daughter back and I'm the camera
cuts to the daughter right yeah so yeah
at that moment what I thought was gonna
happen in the movie that would have been
really interesting was that the other
woman was going to come back for the
family but the but the way the story
would be sold was she's actually coming
to get her life back and so you would
actually be kind of conflicted as if
you're like oh well I actually feel
really bad for this lady like she
literally had her whole life stolen from
her and now she's coming back to like
get it from the family I don't even know
who I'm supposed to feel good or bad for
I don't like the way that the switch was
revealed at the very very end because it
was totally non consequential and it
felt like a really shitty like gimmick
to just try to like go like whoa but it
had no impact on any part of the movie
whatsoever I don't think mm-hmm okay
okay so here's I was I was just talking
about this with a friend and so have you
ever read the book Animal Farm no I
haven't but I've heard a reference to
Tom or well yeah so yeah so so basically
it's like a it's the whole story is
meant to be taken in context of like an
allegory right so when I watched us I I
felt very very similar to how you did
about about the story I felt like it was
kind of inconsequential and hmm it
seemed like I don't know pretty plain
I guess mm-hmm but I think when you take
into context um the idea that the movie
is about like a lower class in an upper
class I think that it kind of
recontextualizes the whole story because
Jordan Peele has said that like these
movies are supposed to be taken
to interpretation with a a social
commentary right so even though the
reveal itself I guess is inconsequential
it's very important to the movie that or
to the message of the movie I suppose
it's very important that you understand
that that these two people even though
like one grew up above ground and one
grew up underground that they are very
much like the same person and it was
just a matter of circumstance yeah so
like I wish I could agree with you and I
understand what you're saying and that
idea is cool but I feel like what hat
what ends up happening is you're writing
so much of this in your head
that doesn't actually come across some
screen I think that idea is really cool
but I think that if that's the idea that
you wanted to go with I think that this
movie needed to trim a lot of [ __ ] away
from it and then focus on that so like
if you wanted to sell that message
harder one thing I thought this was
absurd this was like midi-chlorian level
for me I don't know why and the
explanation for the people underground I
had to go like appeal to some weird
government conspiracy thing that was
that was that seemed like really yeah
like I think the depth at either way
more vague or they could have kept it
vague and hinted more towards kind of
like the theme that you were talking
about because honestly like what you're
talking about that would be another
really cool concept of a way to go they
could have focused way more on what life
was like above and over above ground and
underground and in the way that they did
when they were going through that little
black girl's life remember when she was
walking through and you can see it
mirroring the above-ground in the lower
ground like that's the strongest support
for your argument is that scene but they
but it's only like two minutes of like
the whole movie and then like the rest
of the movie is just kind of like yeah I
don't know kind of like so they're gone
so I I definitely agree with you that
the like the government [ __ ] was was
kind of weird um I mean I guess you
could probably make an argument that
like the government is like the one who
puts people in these situations and
stuff like that but even that argument
is kind of loose but I I think that
there's a lot more to the like class
argument even if it's not specifically
about like economic class
i I think it can just be about like
others and us right so so when you look
at when you look at the girl goes down
or she's dragged down right yeah there's
all these things that have to line up um
in order for them to switch places so
you have the you have the she she like
goes off on her own because she can like
sense something I guess like they feel
connected and then the power goes out
and that allows the elevator or the the
escalator to turn off yeah and I think
that all of these things lining up is
kind of representative of the idea that
it's very hard to have any kind of
upward mobility right a lot of things
have to line up in order for you to have
this kind of upward mobility one of
those all the other things that that
line up in the movie just like that
that I think that in context I would get
out I I seriously think that this movie
even though it's not necessarily a good
story on its own like I think that most
I saw it in a huge theater right and it
was like full yeah and it was a horrible
experience Oh mommy I don't know I I
guess like well you're going back like I
I want to believe like the story that
you're selling me sounds like it would
be really interesting I just feel like
there are so many conflicting parts of
the story that I just it's harder for me
to buy into like that so like another
example would be like like if we're
supposed to do like if we're supposed to
illustrate the nutrient lower and upper
class there was like one one of my one
scene that almost looked like it was
kind of getting into it was when the
when the lady of the white family when
she was putting on the makeup yeah that
was a scene that kind of like oh like
this is like a lower class person that's
like like you know gaining access to
like the cosmetics or if he ever clashed
[ __ ] yeah that was like one scene that
kind of plane it to it but like on you
never see like the upper-class family
like ever suffer any ills because of the
fact that they're upper-class like if
anything some of it even ends up helping
I'm right like owning the boat is the
way that the father ends up killing the
other father and nothing really bad
comes from in like upgrading their
vehicle like it kind of seems to still
say that like being upper-class is
better
also the portrayal of lower-class people
is like literally
evil probably doesn't help that analogy
either like maybe it would have been
more powerful or better for those people
to come up but not unless you're like
going full lefty or whatever like and
not necessarily yeah murdering torturing
everybody I think that that's kind of
the intention is that it's it's based on
circumstance right because even though
the and I think that that's why the
switch at the end is really important to
the structure of the story so even
though uh the woman like originated
underground or I think her name is
Adelaide and then they call the the lady
who comes up from underground to like
start the revolution they call her red
so even though red starts out in one
place and then moves to another that
shows that it's all that this violence
and whatever is all and the uprising is
all based on circumstance it's not
inherent to the people who were who were
below and to speak on the to speak on
the the Tim Heidecker and and his family
that they don't fight back at all and I
think that that is supposed to show that
like it's very easy to become accustomed
to the upper-class lifestyle right so
when people come and try and take it
from them they have nothing to do
because they haven't really had to work
for it when Leah's point makes more
sense than if we knew that like the
black family had come from like lower
class areas wouldn't well I think that
you can kind of not not that they've
come from lower class but I think it's I
think that you can tell that they are
supposed to represent middle class right
like their boat isn't as good however
they still have an arm and I'm gonna I
got a right though I know I can't
I'd have to roast you on that one like I
mean like if you're gonna if we're gonna
say middle class are people that own
like a beach home and a small boat I
mean like this is like we're like upper
upper middle class yeah we'll say upper
middle class yeah but but you can tell
right that they've had to that they
don't have the stuff that that tim
heidecker's family has right they do
have enough money to impulse buy a boat
and to impulse buy fishing rods and they
have a summer home however there's still
that envy
of the upper class and I think that's
what makes it important right not the
not the strict definition of whether
they're middle class or upper class I
also said you know well I understand
what you're saying sure that that
cleanser I've got about a minute in
second stuff another thing that kind of
heard the story this is going less
allegory oh I feel like there were way
too many there were so many contrived
moments that really bothered me as well
like and I don't like to point for a
movie like this I don't like see like
all plot holes cuz it's kind of a weak
thing but like there were so many
contrived elements so for instance like
when the black family broke in to the to
the the black duplicates broken why did
they like take them hostage on the couch
and then like chase them all around to
kill them like why not just kill them
immediately for the white family they
they died instantly you know like they
the people were kill them or like when
the black lady broke into the white
family's house why did that why did the
older white woman why did she take the
black lady hostage like why not just
kill her immediately what was she ever
gonna do with her yeah so I think that
to talk about this is kind of getting
into like like I don't know how to
describe it but I guess the idea that we
kind of have to draw our own like like
fan fiction like will be basically
talking about fan fiction at this point
because like I could say oh it's because
like they know that she's part of them
and whatever I don't know it's it's kind
of like I don't want to say it's
inconsequential but yeah I don't like
movies so it so it feels kind of like
like I would just be making [ __ ] up
sorry
and then like another thing that really
bothered me it was like I felt like um I
guess this gets more into like kind of
like theming like I felt like like there
were only there was only one good like
family member death that I thought like
worked kind of well and it was when the
father killed the other father cuz the
way that he did it was kind of Li like
the broken boat engine that was kind of
referenced before yeah which I which I
thought was interesting there are a
couple ways you can go with that but
like to contrast that with a couple
other things the worst one I thought was
why it is the black woman kill the other
black woman like she was like the whole
point was that she was like the shadow
and the other person knew like every
move she's gonna do whatever but then
like randomly she just doesn't for no
reason like why I thought that there was
gonna be scene involving her son or
something that would motivate her to do
something greater but she just turns
around randomly kills her
well the Sun she takes the Sun right the
yeah but like even with the Sun she's
still like outpacing the the main woman
well or I guess technically the shadow
at every step of the way but then just
randomly the shadow woman is able to
kill the main one for she just turns red
well does it yeah I I think that that
was kind of like weak I guess um but I
do think that that as a story the the
story part of it works fine the the
fight itself I guess was kind of weak I
think it was really interesting drawing
the parallels between like the dancing
and and how one is really graceful and
the other isn't but uh I don't know I
mean you could draw some comparisons
between like the chains right so she's
uh she's chained up and then she kills
like her captor I guess with the chains
but yeah I don't know the death itself
was was was kind of anticlimactic I
guess it didn't seem like well it didn't
seem like there was anything like
narrative Lee that made it work like why
was she yeah I don't understand yeah
yeah it was just only like the oh and
then one final plot whole thing [ __ ] I
can we can we can talk about this like
in the future yeah sure I don't have to
worry about so I don't think why is the
black boy mirrored so hard on the other
black boy but nobody oh okay this is one
of my favorite points okay it's because
I the father and the wife the wife is
actually the shadow so when they talk
about it they said that the shadows were
supposed to be clones so that the
government could control the people
above-ground right so when you have the
only successful shadow and they have a
kid there is some connection right so
they are somewhat able to influence each
other yeah but like nobody else ever did
anything like that like that was the
only part like why didn't the daughter
ever have a scene like that like it was
the only thing that well I mean because
my answer would be just because it
wasn't in the movie like okay I don't
know I guess do it in order to make it
like a successful idea do they have to
show it for
I mean additions like a really pretty
big imitation that like the the
above-ground people can literally
control the below ground people unlike
make them kill themselves I guess would
you seem like a pretty big yeah I mean
that might kind of justify why there was
a need for the like government control
scene maybe but but yeah so I think that
even though they don't demonstrate it
with everyone I don't think that that is
really important I mean we could talk
about how it's like a recessive gene or
whatever like all right okay gotcha
it's like fanfiction okay maybe we can
talk about this in the future in like a
week or whatever yeah I I think that
would be good there's still a lot that I
thought I think I could talk about in
terms of the like actual plot structure
but that would have we would have to go
like beat by beat okay all right cool
why I love you buddy be careful hey
thanks man appreciate it
[Music]
