Destinee us bomb time told me I asked
you how do you deal with debating these
right-wing people like it's it's so
toxic and conflicting how understand it
like what do you what do you get out of
it and then you told me I love that [ __ ]
I get off to it sexually and I feel like
that is not best thing I've seen on
Twitter lately as much as I think
Michael is leagues above destiny from
historical / electro / theory okay
basically everything I really hope
Michael takes us seriously into genuine
prep work for this so that he can
absolutely destroy destinies talking
points everyone thinks Brooks will stop
him but I'm not so sure I love Brooks
he's a favorite of mine but yeah there's
a lot of factors here because if that's
what I want to see I want to see people
being scared of me I want to be the
nightmare
okay that lives in your closet it's
coming to destroy your favorite online
political commentator okay I actually
secretly love it nothing makes me
happier than seeing a million screeching
[ __ ] kids on Twitter raging at me for
arguments that I know I have 100%
certain authority in and that any time I
drag any of them onto my stream I'm
gonna that's what it's gonna be every
time I bring him on nice
this guy sounds real smart good evening
[ __ ] prime minister holy [ __ ] welcome
attention Lily how to drive stick if she
ever wants day that'd be funny as [ __ ]
guys only have dicks I don't like men
bugs I get the woman love like the
[ __ ] man but I don't like man but I
don't like dude I'm the perfect guy
frickin I'm sorry and doxed kind
typically means sharing personal info
private shy my band this guy from the
subreddit I'm sorry let me try to read
these [ __ ] sentences holy [ __ ] wait
that was blood from the crash-test dummy
chill damn calm down
keep watching have killed at least 14
people that's not real blood idiot oh
[Laughter]
[ __ ] that's me if I know it just I'll
let that go a bit clever we all know put
me suggest that blow up slow down there
mr. moon did you see us on talking mad
[ __ ] about your appearance on the raw
show my one of us is gonna be a No More
something thanks dude
[Music]
you want the grade-a the 100% secret
[ __ ] trick to making a girl get off
like [ __ ] crazy
here's your big-ass secret everybody I'm
deleting the vada after this cuz this is
so secret I actually don't want other
people to know it vaginas can take so
much more abuse than you actually think
okay [ __ ] you guys two fingers you put
it in there and you [ __ ] [ __ ] pump
[ __ ] pump that [ __ ] as hard as you can
angle your hand down so you're pumping
up in the end like just just really
[ __ ] what you have to imagine is like
that you are like a jackhammer your hand
is just [ __ ] going in there and she
will like a waterfall I can't even tell
you think it's not what if you have
nails okay two things one clip your
nails and two your fingers should be
like pointing up don't drag your [ __ ]
fingernail across the bottom and instead
of agenda that [ __ ] feels horrible
okay multiple people that didn't know
they could squirt I've done it before
just doing that [ __ ] it's way harder
than you think
okay that's here I'm deleting the vaad
cuz that secret is so so well kept okay
oh is it gonna be fit at the only thing
did you lose weight
[Laughter]
way different direction I thought my ex
told me no girl likes getting fingered
your ex is a [ __ ] virgin okay here is
the reality okay if you're giving a girl
head and you're not using your hands
half the time she's thinking what the
[ __ ] is he doing down there
okay think of it this way you don't eat
your food without like you don't just
[ __ ] slobber all over your plate you
put your [ __ ] fingers in there dude
No yeah same exact twenty man with rifle
handgun and body I'm arrested at Walmart
police say add 100 plus 300 was he white
yeah it was you know do you know how you
know he's white because if he was black
this would have said twenty year old man
with rifle handgun and body armor
executed at Walmart yes that's how he
wouldn't known he was black like for
guys like the equivalent thing that's
like super different on every guy it's
like balls like for some guys some guys
don't for instance like them touched at
all and I know why because sometimes
when girls go to like suck your balls
they're like oh this is gonna be fun and
they [ __ ] suck your nut out of its
[ __ ] sack and you're like what in the
[ __ ] are you doing down there
this is excruciating Lee [ __ ] painful
okay listen you can sexualize whatever
the [ __ ] you want that's fine just don't
make your sexual ization with somebody
else their [ __ ] problem it has a
rockin woman and you see her [ __ ]
peed out and you want to [ __ ]
masturbate when you get home to that
[ __ ]
that's totally [ __ ] fine don't walk up
slicker Jesus he's the one [ __ ] meal
help how [ __ ] crane jizz are gonna be
when you still lose this game cuz it
doesn't seem possible right now does it
honestly do you really think you can
lose no okay if I lose I will give you a
big blow a Joey
a blowy Joey blow a Joey's are back on
the menu boys
how would he have the foresight to
predict it dude he's got a thousand IQ I
like the idea of having a president that
sits far to the left of our current
establishment window like I think that
it's important to move things a little
bit back to the left because holy [ __ ]
cuz what the [ __ ] cuz we're [ __ ]
concentration camps our [ __ ] border
what in the [ __ ] is happening and
ironically half the country defense of
it so I'm totally in favor of having a
president that moves things a bit far to
the left but that doesn't mean I'm gonna
be [ __ ] delusional about it and
pretend it like America's ready for some
socialist revolution that is literal
[ __ ] dilute that is an embarrassing
amount of delusion holy [ __ ] you are so
[ __ ] out of touch with America if you
think the average [ __ ] boater is just
waiting for the socialist revolution be
so [ __ ] lost I think we can save our
engine too okay these are the extreme
types of cost-cutting measures
it's League of Legends times boys
destiny how do you pay for a public
option if you're poor its public you
[ __ ] [ __ ] you don't have to [ __ ]
pay for it this is one of your best
roast for the last month Steven if you
cut corporate taxes corporations will
naturally pay more to their employees by
now click click click click click no
that's not really what I said at all see
you later though dude have fun talking
and discord with all of your other
lefties I'll see you in 30 [ __ ] years
when you're some homeless [ __ ] loser
sitting outside of you big-ass [ __ ]
beard waiting for the socialist
revolution it's coming dude any day now
man now you're sitting there with your
[ __ ] iPhone 27 like refreshing AOC
speed which is honor [ __ ] 10th
determine in progress ago right man
uh-uh I should have voted for yang he
would please give me my thousand dollar
freedom giving it okay dude why so mean
[Music]
man titties we huh damn denims is like I
don't disagree holy [ __ ] what the [ __ ]
was a sin appear friend dude if she's a
virgin she obviously isn't what the [ __ ]
I'm saying um about the statement that
was made ironic how the woman is making
the most advancement moronic things and
another one bites the dust we waited so
long to play with her and now she did
okay listen we're gonna why oh yeah just
keep [ __ ] wiping what are your people
died it was a bubbly white one for me so
we have to wait one more time okay let's
go
No Oh Oh No here it comes
160 metres 100 metres she's plumbing at
40 meters per second she needs to fire
both dramas wait did she
oh okay flag down how do we do it
plant flag what is this you like a death
trap wait a while oh [ __ ] I am gonna die
now cuz I went in your [ __ ] house
alright okay this world is done what why
are you guys build a deathtrap house
what the [ __ ] at the same time we're
getting on with that work of getting
ready to come out of the European Union
on October the 31st no ifs no buts you
think it's gonna happen
is it actually gonna happen how many
deadlines have been extended upon at
this point is this the real one guys how
do I make a house
why is me what did she just cringe oh oh
no I'm not gonna lie guys I was so
[ __ ] boy last night I must have
masturbated like [ __ ] eight times at
what point do you have to get worried
about actually doing permanent damage to
your reproductive system wait wait why
are you getting so hot no
[Music]
Hiero got this log now I'd other guys
it's been fun River on a cappuccino Papa
channel my children epic you know
cappuccino I but you know about you know
my dinner is
[Music]
