let's talk about Andy's dumb food takes
here you guys look at Andy here comes
arguing with someone who travels the
[ __ ] world and you cosign Chipotle
and [ __ ] Soylent so yep
Andy's food take is that omelettes
aren't good food only [ __ ] sunny-side
up [ __ ] eggs the classic six year old
[ __ ] food takes boys link the tweet
link the tweet who the [ __ ] why the [ __ ]
would you eat poached [ __ ] eggs not
mixed up spongy [ __ ] yolk with egg
whites got some real [ __ ] about how dark
[ __ ] this new font and coloring of this
new Twitter why is I actually like it so
much
oh I gotta go I'm walking in and
[Laughter]
anything economy history you can destroy
me in 98.9% of [ __ ] debates you have
a zero [ __ ] credibility well here it
is boys keep in mind [ __ ] Chipotle
and Soylent can I get the where is the
Andy Milonakis
I travel the world eating food fast food
list where is it oh there it is boys
there it is boys I don't even need to
say [ __ ] else I don't need to say a
single [ __ ] thing how in the [ __ ] is
[ __ ] in and out a standalone STR
[ __ ] restaurant unbelievable
unbelievable evilly yeah of course
easily
no Shake Shack I didn't know if shake
shake is s tier but like oh my god I'm
just about any of it any moment shop
could make a better burger what you
think makes you know it's so good I just
think the flavor oh there is no flavor
it's a totally standard it's a totally
standard fast-food patty the bun is
better the flavor of their bun isn't
even anything special it's a standard
fast-food hamburger bun bro you just
cosign chip only is an ironically better
than in and out I mean like yeah of
course
well if anything in and out might edge
out you probably because of the price
because it's cheaper but like we have
nine million you don't even have an
excuse of all I don't want to go to some
[ __ ] shitty mom-and-pop Mexican
trouble they don't even [ __ ] accept
Visa cards okay every time I want to go
eat okay one two I'm not gonna post
mates 27 meals a day because by the way
you lose all credibility talk about how
good food is when you tell me to post
mates it why the [ __ ] am I gonna put
something in a nasty [ __ ] styrofoam
box and get it delivered my food in you
twenty five [ __ ] minutes after comes
up the grill and you're gonna tell me
that's better food than Chipotle [ __ ] no
that is the dumbest [ __ ] anybody that's
ever worked in food cooked food prepared
food had anything to do with food in
their entire life we'd never [ __ ]
tell you to put something in a nasty
[ __ ] styrofoam box it's the
equivalent of [ __ ] microwaving it in
a [ __ ] fish bowl and then trying to
eat it after that so don't even [ __ ]
show okay calm the [ __ ] down right it's
not the worst a mom-and-pop shop where I
have to walk up to some [ __ ] place
it's 20 minutes away or whatever and
have somebody [ __ ] box that's not
Mexican I don't want to get that kind of
food there we go
I don't go for Chipotle when I want
Mexican fast food like there's some
[ __ ] crazy authentic which is what I
like I don't even know why you're like
virtually signalling like the hardcore
Mexican [ __ ] fast food or whatever
thing yeah like there's some purity I'm
[ __ ] food at him I just want
something that's quick that's cheap
that's healthy Chipotle fits those box
pretty well it
anybody walks if anybody watching just
pulling is like oh this food is horrible
you're being a food elitist end of
discussion
it's like this type of people that say
that subway is [ __ ] horrible it's not
it's a [ __ ] sandwich that's all it is
but you do this all the time any time
I've tweeted anything about food oh I
really liked in tight fun oh yeah you
should try the one in New York City -
way better oh I really like this kind of
food oh yeah Bueller been
south-of-the-border it's way better
there oh dude I really like this [ __ ]
Chinese place it's so good oh yeah have
you ever actually been to Beijing it's
got way better food in that one you
would not probably never heard of that
you do this all the [ __ ] time Andy
come on Andy you do this [ __ ] all the
time okay listen there's nothing wrong
with liking Chipotle and nothing makes
you more [ __ ] sounding than when
you're saying oh if you want real
Mexican food when someone goes to
Chipotle like well do you want a real
Mexican food you need to go downtown and
crawl through a [ __ ] magic tunnel in
an alleyway to find Senor Gonzalez who
[ __ ] makes [ __ ] tamales with his
[ __ ] ass patties okay like an opinion
or Wikipedia it said not everybody has
like time to dedicate to every [ __ ]
meal has to be the most [ __ ] God Tyr
special expiry the world I [ __ ] work
I got [ __ ] to do okay
I eat some junk sometimes but when you
actually have an opinion on it and
you're signing good and you're answered
you're the reason why you don't go to
real Mexican food I don't want to put
them up they don't take a visa oh yeah
I'm waiting for the argument was it when
I go out to eat food I'm not
experiencing like the epitome of my
taste in food every single time this is
like a guy like chilling in his car
listening to blink-182 and like a music
major concern he said oh well actually
this music is flawed too simplistic I've
never heard of good store Beethoven it's
actually this is for shitty of music or
like this is a real Punk have you ever
listened to that or the other it is
there's no reason that's fine but if you
want to jerk off like your food aches
that's fine but you can't tell me that
[ __ ] in and out is an ST or fast-food
restaurant okay
they'll always F yeah they're garbage
okay Lee there's so many things on F you
don't have a skin it when everything is
bad nothing is good right yeah
like imagine putting in and out his ass
and putting places like Hardee's as a
[ __ ] F tear or even Wendy's as an
after even a and W is an F tear like and
Shake Shack is is below in it well
actually Kane should be lower than a I
[ __ ] up it feels like the California
like hipster food place like what are
your favorite please oh I like in and
out you know jack-in-the-box but you
probably haven't heard of those because
you live in the Midwest or like the East
Coast and II I love you but I also hate
you at the same time I think is so bad
how is it hipster what the [ __ ] in and
out is literally always Pena cuz it's
like a Californian you live in
California huge circle jerk off [ __ ]
in a night I was so excited cuz I loved
[ __ ] [ __ ] as [ __ ] fast food I love
fast food and I was so excited my first
one was in and out and I ate it it was
the most standard [ __ ] fast food [ __ ]
burger I've ever had in my entire life I
couldn't believe how this that you
realize that like not only not only are
the burgers mediocre you can't defend it
if you defend this I have to question I
don't even know if you're the real Andy
Milonakis
in and out has the worst french fries of
like any fast food recipe but still
their burgers alone are good enough
they're the only by the way the burgers
are the only item on their menu no
chicken no chicken nuggets no ice cream
no sundaes no milkshakes
do they have shakes they really oh okay
maybe I'll bump them up maybe they would
bump up from an F to a deed for me that
I'll try to shake next time I goodnight
nah dude the flavor of the burgers are
really good they're really addictive I
don't know Dunkin Donuts in this list do
you I mean is Dunkin Donuts truly fast
food or no
they have they have they have they have
breakfast sandwich isn't sure honestly
this is kind of like to trigger people
if I honestly had to act like there we
go if either pick and every single
McDonald's item and read it
I wouldn't rate every single item a
[ __ ] F I think they're nuggets are
probably like a [ __ ] like a see who
is better nuggets in McDonald's
don't say chick-fil-a nobody Wendy's
used to I had Wendy's last time and they
were like dried-up [ __ ] babies but
Wendy's used to have really good food us
now McDonald's has the best nuggets in
the business and yes are definitely
above a heftier also some of their
breakfast sandwiches are like way above
ft or maybe like a B or something but I
can't I have to think of like all the
disgusting nasty [ __ ] meat that they
use as like most of their [ __ ] food
wait for her first of all make donald's
uses [ __ ] chicken breasts like it's
whatever other chicken you get it any
other place disgusting okay we need to
do chick-fil-a is after you we need to
do a [ __ ] double blind tasting of
like this [ __ ] [ __ ] I want to put the
[ __ ] to rest except I mean it but do you
find it did so major nine years things I
am can show you the box I had at 6:00 in
the morning at twitchcon I had a poker
game and the chickens they had chicken
tenders they were they were actually
really really insanely good surprise
which place
jaqen the magic in the boss let's say a
jack-in-the-box
I've tried there they had a spicy
chicken tender or a chicken strip thing
recently that I tried like a month ago
was good
that's one yeah the chicken tenders I
just had a jack I was like surprising I
was surprised with how good they were
then I had like a taste of their burger
and I was just like all this [ __ ]
burger
from all these [ __ ] fast-food places
is like completely nasty and edible
almost I mean I don't know I have a very
hard time tasting the difference between
fast-food burgers the thinnest [ __ ]
disc patty they throw it on a grill they
cook it for a few minutes
sometimes they flip it and then they put
it on a [ __ ] bun and that's it like
you might as well just change soil in at
that point yeah that's what I do
sometimes yep
some of us some of us have to work
everyday Andy okay what would you say
yeah corny five five guys is good but
way too expensive that's my problem five
guys that's like the Internet's popular
answer about five guys well that's
because I popularized it because before
I spent talking about it everybody said
five guys was the bet I was the sole
person on the internet that pushed back
against five guys three years ago when
all of you guys were call me crazy I was
saying five guys is okay but it's way
too expensive and all you push back
against me and now the internet joins me
okay now the internet joins me I had
five guys in New York recently and the
burger is actually better than [ __ ]
[ __ ] [ __ ] fast food it's not better
like these other guys no I you know what
and I wish to God one day we'll get to
do this okay we're all gonna go to my
hometown in [ __ ] Nebraska for some
reason we'll figure out a way first of
all Freddy's is [ __ ] S Plus tier yes I
don't know who's had it Freddy's is an S
Plus to your place holy [ __ ] their
french fries are [ __ ] s tier their
burgers are [ __ ] s tier their ice
cream and [ __ ] is like a plus tier oh my
[ __ ] god Freddy's is [ __ ] so
goddamn good okay Freddy's you still
need to try Apple pan it's a one of one
place in LA and it's like been there for
like 60 years it's it's not like 10 out
of 10 or anything okay I'll try it like
how you drank it because it is pretty
good it's like super no-frills but it's
pretty good okay are also
okay this is the hidden Opie place only
my Midwestern bros are gonna understand
this one day I'll get all these [ __ ]
ago mother [ __ ] Runza has the best
goddamn burgers they're actually
actually like handmade [ __ ] patties
actually a [ __ ] seasoning and I'm
they're thick and juicy it's not that
fast food disc [ __ ] that you get at
[ __ ] at like random [ __ ] Oh Culver's
I think has really good burgers too but
it's been a long time yeah they also in
Tennessee
never had it [ __ ] it's insane it's
kind of like the grandfather you know
it's like they actually have the [ __ ]
oh god these are so these burgers are so
and their French words are so good these
burgers actual like burger patties
instead of the [ __ ] I don't need some
[ __ ] I don't need the rut whatever
run says these patties are so [ __ ]
good compared to your standard disc [ __ ]
[ __ ] fast-food patties oh god just
because I put them in a fast food
ranking there are so many mom-and-pop
burgers I've had better burgers that
I've made better than you know I don't
real sign it on the red on the big
burgers cab just for fast food version
here for you Andy and Stephen mmm pizzas
thin slice New York like Brooklyn New
York City [ __ ] thin slices better
have you been to pizzeria no before I
think yeah it's like a [ __ ] soup hey
brother
oh wait wait hold on hold on hold on
this might be like a meeting of the
colossal minds here hold on the
unlikeliest of duos Andy I don't know if
we've argued over this before
there we go your everybody gets super
triggered or super [ __ ] amen brother
would you agree that a pizza like the
most important parts of a good pizza are
that the toppings are [ __ ] good
toppings yeah that if you just have like
a cheese whatever [ __ ] pizza then
that's some [ __ ] but that a good
pizza I don't think the toppings are the
most important
isten eat your food - yeah off my balls
cross this [ __ ] important
the flavor of the sauce and the cheese
those fundamental parts of a pizza and
if that's not good everything [ __ ] yeah
that's not good a [ __ ] but like I view
the like the crust and all that [ __ ] is
like the wheels that you put a car on
like they have to it has to work it has
to be good or ever like pizza places you
need all those extra toppings you go to
[ __ ] it with the toppings suck it
shitty the toppings stuck on on shitty
pizza anyway it's not like it makes it
better I don't think I mean to some
people I'm sorry I'm in my plane and I
had to come in here I'm sorry
hey what up what's up uh you guys are
arguing about burgers and pizza okay
yeah so number one burger joint is the
best beat the best burgers weight it's
called burger joint
yeah burger joint Andy you back me up on
this it's in the upper comedian my life
it's kind of like cheating it's at
Minetta tavern it's good no no no yeah
with truffle come on you can't do that
are you saying about guy Ferraris burger
joint is that what is it name what does
any a restaurant Nico's okay okay
burger joint by Guy Fieri yes okay got
furious is like the biggest [ __ ]
loser on the planet damn but anyway yeah
I did if I just I just heard about the
pizza thing right and about the toppings
and uh and I don't know i don't think i
think the toppings I don't think Peter
should have any toppings period yeah
okay toppings but it doesn't make it
better if it's good it's good already
you know he's all about the water the
flower and the tomato that's it
not false okay what do we agree are the
best types of french fries number one
curly fries was so good when I was in
high school but I feel like I've grown
on to better things I feel like I would
always take waffle fries but what ends
up happening when you take a bite of a
curly fry you just get this giant hunk
of like [ __ ] potato and it's just not
a good surprise anymore but um Belgian
fries are really good on their own like
if you're just using it as a meal it's
really good
also steak fries any French french fried
in olive oil
I know it's under there's a lot of
people don't do that it gives you a
french fry like [ __ ] a thousand times
more flavor it's insane no but I get by
the good side it does and tater tots are
real [ __ ] good but only if you're
ready to French guys because they're way
better than French for theirs so oh my
god also crinkle cut should be above
standard cut I didn't crinkle for it
fries are so good amen tater tots are
like the NFL and like regular french
fries it's like this college football so
I get still good but just not steak
fries can be either really good or
really bad if they're seasoned steak
fries are awesome if it's just a chunk
of [ __ ] potato like just cut really
thick I think it's disgusting it's fog
what is a steak fry it's just a really
oh isn't like the [ __ ] big okay and
they gave me this picture real quick
hold on what is a potato tornado is this
a means like smoke oh do you remember
that one dessert we had Dan are we
allowed to talk about this in Hawaii we
didn't that's not a cigarette when we
went in that restaurant yeah that was so
good that was the best part of that
[ __ ] place [ __ ] high I forget
what's I don't know what I'm supposed to
take from this picture Andy but because
those are made with olive oil they're
[ __ ] ten times better than normal
fries am I supposed to look at those
little chair isn't
as a how much was a look at the picture
and just gleaned that information from
there
yo bro tell the crispiest [ __ ] on the
outside they're soft on the inside and
they have like a [ __ ] bright ass
olive oil flavor and yes there is salt
on it
so you have to go to a better state
place like the one we went to in Vegas
we need to find a better [ __ ] than that
look did the Hawaii State place was so
underwhelming uh Ruth's dress was way
better
wait she hasn't Hawaii which one ha heis
Omar we know in Honolulu can't you
remember uh [ __ ] Steve saying that he
could hold this pause hold if I can play
for like 15 seconds dude that was the
hottest I'm surprised they give flights
that hot that was the hottest [ __ ] you
ever see my wife did you know lady if
the McDonald's lady went in there and if
I can put that in a lap she'd be suing
for way more money way more when they
put the steak on the plate
yeah it was like [ __ ] nuts oh I don't
know what that ready talking about their
roots crisp yeah we talked about how hot
the plate was oh yeah that's really dumb
I don't know any other restaurant that
does that there is a reason why do that
you know that right there's actually a
legitimate reason why they actually do
that in the safe houses because if you
over cook a steak you have to basically
give the customer a new one so what I do
is they literally give it to you raw and
then it continues to cook in the plate
because star sizzling and then that's
you know and then you just wait five
minutes and it's cooked well they don't
give it to you raw I think it's just the
plate is hot so that it helps to sear
the outside more but they should still
cook it like to almost the desired
temperature yes they cook on like 120
degrees and then and then they basically
and then like it's just you know it
continues to cook for like 20 minutes
wait but you don't let it sit on the
plate for 20-30 minutes in front of you
right I'm guessing he's saying that he
take that they put like the steak after
they've seared it on the plate into the
oven and they just bring it from oven to
table as my guess yes and then they cut
it and again in the end they carve it in
the kitchen so basically what happens is
the juices come out and the juices start
to basically continue see become really
really high and they continue to cook
the steak and they do that because if
you order like a 50 60 100 steak and
they give it to you - well done then you
know like the you know they gotta you
know they
lose a piece of steak medium-rare I was
like that's the only time oh if they
just put extra sauce and they put
something wrong I won't send it back so
I feel weird if they [ __ ] up like a $70
steak though they're getting that she
returned yeah brushing tiii I cook my
own steak why did you return a lot of
food I'm 200 IQ I know you're setting me
up for that I'm just asking if you do
know I mean the food is [ __ ] wrong
like a really expensive place you should
return it I don't care if they added a
sauce that I told them I didn't like or
a condiment I didn't like I'll just take
it off and not be a little whiny bin but
if you [ __ ] up a $75 piece of meat
you're getting that shirt yeah you
didn't that Sheraton I never sent ya how
many how many modes of cooking would you
allow so if you ordered a steak medium
18 months awesome this guy has no idea
what he is talking someone who prefer
medium rare commendable medium but if
you know that's pink in the middle like
I probably won't return it but if it's
like zero pink in the middle that I'm
then it's real is that what is it if
there's zero pink that's well-done well
medium
it's either medium well or well if
there's no pink it's not a pink is this
no pink at all then it's didn't is well
done is the way were sitting 25 degrees
juicy in the middle on it give me like
oh well you know no I'm not after I
can't Dan on that one we have to hold on
to that one for a little bit
