we're at a restaurant and my waitress is
a fat black lady okay and she makes you
make you feel really cozy okay like
something about you know her demeanor
and like the thing she says makes me
feel feel good and I feel cozy whatever
and the bill comes and I end up
sniffing her well and then somebody says
well service wasn't that good to do
tipper more did you for more because
she's black
wait who's happens
so I say I guess essentially I did
because the way her country is the way
she was grew up in a black household
made her a certain way that made her
feel cozy to me and made me tip remark
and then Becca was saying that that's
racist
and I said yeah it's racist but
everything is inherently racist like
that I think let's say there were a
thousand Japanese waiters and a thousand
there's a pretty much any any other race
in let's say Japanese people actually
got tips to be waiters I on average the
Japanese people would have better
service so if you're tipping even
entirely based on service you would end
up tipping based on race as well because
you'd end up saving Japanese people more
off that's okay
I agree that like you agree with more so
you think that they service is better
because you're rich culturally similarly
right
but that it's not you're not cooking
this is their Asian cooking because of
service and then he's saying let's the
service it's the rate yeah there's like
I think there's like multiple things at
play here that need to be addressed so
like the first thing that I would think
of is like just because you do something
based on a person's race doesn't
necessarily make it racist do you both
agree with that or do you not agree with
that because we can talk about that far
I actually don't even think that that's
relevant I think let's just use but
let's just use we did something based on
the person's race uh-huh
did we do something based on the
person's race is what we're talking
about when we say races I know it
doesn't matter whether that's reason did
we do something based on their rates is
the argument yeah I think I say that we
did I think I don't think you guys
disagree on anything I think it's just
become like a semantics argument so like
for instance here's like here's a thing
if I were to pose that you had a server
or a waitress and she was just as cozy
as the black lady but she was white but
she found a way to be just as cozy
because she's a but she's a white lady
would you have tipped her the same
amount I think that yes I would but my
argument my argument is the black lady
will tend to be on average physically
more a higher percentage of the time
cozy to me than the white lady would but
when I'm trying to reduce it there is
the idea that you're not doing it
because of somebody's race now like
maybe somebody because I don't think
it's important well it is argument well
but if Becca Becca is saying that you're
being racist then the implication there
is that you're doing something directly
related to a person's race not in some
deterministic sense that well because
they're black or Japanese they happen to
have these characteristics and these
characteristics are why I tipped them
but more but like when you call so many
races is typical you're just doing it
because of the race of the person which
is a different claim I think okay but
you can take this another step and you
can say well even if my intention is not
the said based on the race if it ends up
being that I do too based on the race we
can be in tension because if you're
judging everyone based on attention most
people do have their attentions even
like somebody like Pablo Escobar who is
like shooting and killing people and
selling cocaine wants to help his family
or whatever right okay then so it's if
people even if my intention is the same
it doesn't mean that it's not racist if
it's my intention is not to give
Japanese people a better tip but they
end up being having better service every
single time let's date let's date not
ever so bad a higher percentage of the
pie
then I do end up sitting Japanese do
more so if if someone asked me to
YouTube Japanese people or any other
people more I'd say oh I could
definitely do more yeah but I think you
know the key question is like if you say
something like Japanese people by virtue
of being Japanese or whatever tend to be
more kind and courteous and you know
good delivering of service and whatnot
then that's fine but if you would say
something along the lines of like you
know even if white people were just as
courteous as Japanese people I would
still tip Japanese people more well then
it's like okay well this is a race thing
like it feels like you're kind of
rolling black but but do you agree with
the statement that if I'm sitting
completely based on service and let's
assume Japanese people are better at
service okay then a my tipping Japanese
people more yes you asked me the
question do I did Japanese people more
than other people yes yes yeah but it's
not because they're Japanese they just
happen to be Japanese that doesn't
matter but it does I think that doesn't
matter well I mean I would if you're
arguing whether something is racist I
argue that that would be the dis F what
we're arguing about I think that we got
we got to this point I actually think
the intention matters people like their
politeness and their service matches
well with what I think of as good
service that's not the Japanese people
if their culture or how they were raised
but that doesn't mean like race is equal
perfect but but in the end of race well
no no but it's not it's not it's just
the race is the tool used to provide or
the race is a tool by which they acquire
characteristics that you appreciate that
leads you to tip more it's not because
of our race of course but then okay but
reckful what I'm saying is it if you go
this route if I do but it's not great
better if you get this reductionist then
every single thing can be racist or
sexist and then the words become more
pointless right like if I were to say
something like I agree I would thing I
don't think that the word the way most
people think about it is pointless and
you have to define it differently I'm
biggie
well no I don't think it is anybody if I
if I treat if let's say that I find
somebody and let's say I don't like them
just because they're black I just don't
like a black person and let's say the
white person acts the same way but I'm
okay with that that's I'm being racist
and that I'm hating somebody I'm judging
somebody on the characteristics of skin
color rather than on anything related to
character that that's racist and totally
agree
but that's way different then there's a
black person and you know they stole
something from me and I'm being racist
by hating abra stealing because the
reason why he stole is because he's
black and he grew up in the projects
that's not racist the same way that's
being like very strangely reductionist
in a way that makes the word racist like
vacuous and pointless like at that point
the word means nothing I think no I
agree that's why I'm bringing it up good
I think that the word means nothing if
if it was racist for me to sit for more
then I think the word racist means
nothing well but it so I think we agree
that it wasn't racist for you to tip for
more because you said that if a white
person offered the same level of service
you would tip them right yeah so then if
no no I agree no I agree but that's now
we're going to the deficit let's change
the depend ons of definition it is
racist if if doing things to different
if if I do something tip differently to
different races is racist then it is
rich no if I treat different races
differently one more thing if I treat
it's treating different races
differently is racist then it is racist
and if we don't define it as that then
it's not and I that's why I said at the
beginning that's why I said the bean I
think it's irrelevant defined races
let's just define it as you I treat
different races differently and the
answer is yeah sure so this is why I
said in the beginning I thought I felt
like it was kind of like a semantic
argument like it's it's just like I'm
pretty sure that you guys agree on every
concept if you guys can just agree on
like the definition of the word racist
then you'll probably agree on whatever
upper point this is right so you should
be having a conversation what do you
think racism is and then in your
definition I think that the word is so
reductionist that it's pointless so I
would never define it that way
and then in Becca's definition maybe you
would agree like oh okay yeah I guess in
that case this isn't racist or is racist
or whatever in that definition it just
sounds like a semantics can automatic as
well and so I was like okay so me when I
said I complete system 50% unless they
like spill on me or they forget where
you
Amil than that's worth service so I
would sip like 10% feels kind of have to
say it's like a social thing and then if
they do a good job like the success
something that I really like then 20%
and then he said well certain Rick this
is our mo something on you yes
let's say I think there's a certain
culture that was broke I don't know
which rate didn't grow up using plates
or bowls and you getting a something
that's in a plate or a bowl they're
probably more likely to drop the plate
on both all the player Bowl that time
yeah I already know exactly we go in
this and I just I don't agree I think
that at that point you've you've made
the word you've made the word race is so
reductionist that it's pointless you're
not you're not not tipping biggie no I
agree with that I agree Mike the point
of my argument is that the reward is we
don't know we don't agree we don't agree
stop saying we agree because I don't
agree that the word why Isis is defined
that way it makes the word worthless I
think that racist Canyon mean something
but you're trying to say that no I
wanted to be something - no no I I
usually define it the way you're about
to define it okay which is if people are
acting the exact same way but they're
different races and they're getting
pretty differently that's racist that's
the store in agreement there right but
but me being all racist in this
situation is the logical conclusion of
it is that the reductionist definition
of racist
if wait Becca Becca what do you think
the argument is over
hold on I'm curious thinking that my
idea of what like me thinking I did
based on service is me being racist okay
okay but Becca using his insanely
reductionist definition would you agree
I know that the word racist sounds bad
but if you define racist as literally I
treat different races differently
because they grow up with different
behaviors sometimes as a result like
would you agree then with his definition
if he if we use that strange definition
would you agree with his conclusion or
on that I can't do anything because he's
generalizing and his Austin he's not
like using this peer statistics
yeah fine right yeah I don't I don't use
people like that so it's make sense to
me or
in it but I'm just saying that using
that definition you would agree with him
right that concept right yeah yeah
because because like certain cultures
and raises unquote yep okay cool then
that's right yeah you guys don't
disagree on anything it literally just
comes down to the semantic argument on
how you define this word yeah you're
right I think they're more likely to
draw weight it's a it's a numbers game
of course right oh you're like rape in
America or you lived in America for like
15 years
uh-huh no if even if you grew up for ten
years not even played because whatever
that's their country's at the news place
back you would be more likely to drop
weight yeah okay supplicant can I do
this really quick because reckful is
gonna win this argument if you go down
this road okay yeah here is the argument
laid out in a stats point of view even
if you've lived in America for 15 years
there's probably some things that you're
inheriting from an immigrant family that
is gonna be different than the native
population you know and this is gonna be
more noticeable if you're a first
generation as opposed to second as
opposed to third as opposed to fourth so
from like a pure numbers game the
chances that a local would act in a
certain way versus somebody that's
immigrated recently or whose parents did
or whose grandparents did that's
probably going to be traceable through
some statistical thing I mean I'm sure
that the answer to that is yes right
yeah yeah mines right and say examples
not even like the problem right the
problem might people get uncomfortable
with this is that when you make a
statement like this the feeling and I
and I because I know how your brain
works a little bit right cool
I don't think you mean this but the
feeling when you say that when you say
different races are more likely to drop
plates reckful I think what you mean is
you're looking at it as a statistic
slash numbers game where different
racism yeah exactly
but when a normal person here is that
what they hear is you think that some
people's races are more intrinsically
prone towards dropping plates and I
think that's what makes like Becca
uncomfortable right it sound like you're
ascribing
- like like genetically that like
certain cultures of people must be more
prone to dropping plates because
Mexicans or whatever rice panics yeah
what I'm actually saying it's the way
they're raised or the same thing so
obviously culturally we're more than one
certain races okay okay no we are saying
the same thing there was the one to
agreement though that so what's the one
that you're gonna talk that if if that
certain races you will drop place
differently like that yeah a little bit
just okay I'm only thinking about like
when we go to restaurants in America
it's like everyone the same level not
necessarily I don't agree with that I
like when he says it's like an immigrant
from like another countries and yeah
yeah even if they're fifteen years what
reckful is saying is like let's say that
you get somebody that immigrates from a
country where they never use plates I'm
inventing this group of people that this
person even if they were raised in
America is probably going to have
parents that won't teach them how to
carry plates as well as like a white
family who was here all the time we
learn how to use plates so reckful is
saying here that there are learned
behaviors that certain races of people
are more likely to learn that will be
that won't like manifest in different
waitressing behaviors but the reason why
I think Becca is uncomfortable at
statement is because it sounds like
you're saying that like Hispanic people
by virtue of being Hispanic are like
genetically more predisposed towards
dropping plants because that's what that
argument sounds like which is why it's
so uncomfortable to agree with it right
yeah let's say this was a little
uncomfortable that's something else I
don't know I've told a lot of crazy
people so I'm not sure what you would
say oh what I was gonna say is if you
were if people of a certain rate Pixar
mate
based on a certain trait if they pick it
based on strength or dexterity like how
well someone hunts or instead or
intelligence in some situations in some
countries and I picked up based on this
based on that then over thousands of
years
the genetic you become different oh yeah
better here's what I would caution you
for this okay because biology gets a lot
more complicated than just a numbers
game or rather no no I shouldn't said it
all is numbers games but the thing is
that like when you talk about
polygenetic traits
okay so complicated traits that can show
up in a variety of different ways in a
variety of different environments okay
that are comprised of many different
genes it would be very hard to get a
pronounced difference between groups of
people after only like a couple thousand
years that would be very difficult to do
does that make sense for now different
genome is Sophie there be a variable
over here I mean I don't know over a
couple thousands I don't know if that's
true that might not be even even think
about dogs all dog species came from
wolves in such a short period of time
they think oh god dogs and humans are
very very different so dogs were bred
hardcore in some cases in bred for
highly specific day dogs obviously dogs
things wings and and humans did in the
generation shorter and they were bred
but you can see that 100 of the dog
changes could have occurred which be you
know even the 1% would be faithful maybe
but the thing is that maybe no not maybe
yeah maybe well because you're a plant
you're assuming a lot of things here one
you're assuming that a natural selective
process has been applied to a group of
people in a very specific and direct
manner which may not even be possible to
demonstrate right preferring one no it
does no no at different countries this
is similar to the placing different
countries different cultures will breed
based on different more successful
people in a certain country will be a
certain way like let's say more
successful on some country many years
ago different country might have been
intelligence that has to be true okay
it's not possible it's not I don't think
and then I'm like if over if over 2,000
years of breeding they've done let's say
you have a just hunter-gatherers okay no
I are saying what I'm saying is that I
think that genetics is a little bit
there are more levels of abstraction
here that you have to deal with that
that's not a simple numbers game but a
much more complicated numbers game and
even if it's more complicated I said uh
even all the complications really can't
let me give you an example okay let's
say that you you might it might be
possible that I could copy paste the
exact same genetic code to 100 people
however based on where they grow up in a
certain part of a city these people
might turn out to be dramatically
different just based on where they grow
up okay now it's possible that it's
possible that people could select mates
based on certain traits that were more
likely to show up in the northern
population versus the southern
population however that doesn't mean
that you're gonna see a difference in
genetic you know frequency a little
frequency over time just because
somebody preferred a different trait
it's possible that environmental causes
would have caused a difference here from
the same genetic background that means
that you're not actually choosing four
different genes like that's just like
one of like there's a ton of layers of
it doesn't that's fine you know even if
