oh well Dhanam I'm going over to my
discard ok xqc what's a check you can
come over John okay yeah what's up buddy
oh I wonder if you can play and actually
think puppets in time playing think what
but I wonder if you can play and as you
think
Lyla get something I want you to cut up
by oh that's good yeah it's [ __ ]
earth [ __ ]
okay
this is some time but I'll be faced with
a debate or a topic and the questions
it's difficult to answer it I can't find
reasons for it but then I have other
than maybe the questions blog right I
want to know in this scenario the
questions flawed or there's something
maybe no answer right so there was it
was a trailer and it wasn't really a
debate I think is it popping at the time
like I don't really the topic is I don't
know [ __ ] the topic was like the
transgender ting it but don't think I'm
just coming out here like trying to be
like that Oh we'll talk about this I
just want to know like basically we're
talking he was like oh let's say you go
like to a place and you bring something
girl back right and he said or and she
says oh like I'm a transgender deliver
okay right and he said Oh from that
point on if you say no even though she
said he would say no said that's
technically transphobic and that
arguments are get our arguments against
it but I feel like that scenario you
were like so I made to be like sort of
like sort of trapped to be transphobic
in that make sense it's like a bait cuz
okay so cuz Mike our doing was that
yeah but thing is is that that person's
juicer will juice as a born female
there's so that's not a one-to-one ratio
right it would be this an experience
that I know that I would get and that
maybe that I want or I only want because
it's precise of what I want right so I'm
not I'm not gonna get that as physical I
know is justified and doesn't make me a
chance for big doesn't make sense
sure
okay so well what would you be your
style of cuz because like you said like
I get I get by the stretch of my saying
oh if they say I'm trans and then you
say no then that could be seen as
transphobic oh you said just I know
because it's true because they're trans
right so so then what's like your your
your so you want it like that like
where's the flawed this whole thing so
damn the thing is is that like I like to
compare it to it's easier let's look
first at like transracial dating right
so like a white person dating a black
person or it sound like that yeah I know
okay so the thing is is that it's
entirely possible - it's entirely
possible to not want to be with a trans
person for reasons that are okay and
it's also possible to not want to be
with a trans person for reasons that are
probably not okay so when I say reasons
that are not okay okay so it's possible
- it's possible to date somebody it's
possible to not want to be the trans
person for reasons that are probably not
okay and then it's possible to not want
to be with transfers reasons that are
okay so like yeah or let's actually
let's say what like the will use like
the black Thanks
the by trial he would be one of them
yeah so like I'm gonna talk [ __ ] yes
I it's okay okay so like let's say for
instance somebody were to say something
like I would never date a black person
right if you say that would it what it
sounds like is that you it sounds like
you have like some kind of preconceived
notions about black people that are
probably racist yeah and and you
probably should like take a look at that
you should probably rephrase that in
more like I will prefer a date this type
in you know instead of targeting that
one well yeah and even not even
necessarily like rephrasing it but like
just like take a look at like why don't
you want to date black people so like
for instance it could be that you just
for the way that like other races look
which is and if that's the case that's
fine no one can hold anything against
you for like preferences in terms of
like how people look generally but now
let's say that it's more just like you
think that every black person is
actually like you know like some kind of
racist caricature or something right
yeah if that were the case then you know
you're it's probably not as good that
you don't want to date any black people
right it's probably rooted more in
racism then than just like a oh my god
you [ __ ] it calm yeah because you have
right and a negative like a stereotype
like a racist exactly as I say yeah
thanks not to me yeah so like when it
comes to trans people you could
theoretically have the same type of
thing going on where it's like you might
be the kind of person that you know like
typically like for me typically like I
prefer vaginas over penises it's just my
personal sexual reverence and if that's
your preference and there's a trans
person and they don't have a body part
that you prefer there's nothing wrong
with let's say post-op let's say like
the organ was like it's post-op or went
on for post-op it gets a lot harder it's
not well okay so my thing on it was that
it's not one-to-one therefore it's it's
kind of unfair by the comparison or
whatever what do you mean by one to one
it's the experience it'll give and then
how it operates will not be one to one -
what a naturally blonde female would be
um this argument is really hard because
like the reality is is that like vagina
is just very like a [ __ ] unnaturally
like no two are gonna be the same you
know so like I'm not huh so annoying not
functioning like a normal one like I
don't know if there's like a normal for
like how her vagina necessarily
functions you know okay
well I think my just since we went on
into that branch of the argument then my
thought was that I did I don't want to I
don't want to I don't want this time to
get sexual right well I'm like sexism is
yeah it's a big party yeah - right so
let's say that whatever let's say I have
like an intercourse I expect you know
Esther I'm out of juices right that
would give me like feedback on like how
well I'm doing it and it would also make
the expenses better right sure but again
you have to remember that like even
natural women are gonna like vary it
like great yes of course but most of
them at some point will wear the the
other one would not be able ever um I I
think I think the surgeries today are at
a point to where like um okay so two
things are going on here one I think
surgeries at a point to where like that
I think that fake ones can or the
man-made ones or whatever can the person
made ones however the the reason why I'm
not necessarily buying this argument is
because I don't think that if you're
with like a normal icing normal if
you're like a biological woman that's
had like a vagina since birth I don't
think if you were having sex with her
and she couldn't get like completely wet
you would be like grossed out and you'd
be like I can't be with you ever like it
feels more like you'd probably just like
oh well this person probably just
doesn't get what or whatever right well
personally I just feel like I'm nothing
well I should just trash and they made
me feel really bad and I'm not going to
old dude like do all the juice but yeah
like me it's you know it's just kind of
good and healthy and like it a nice and
of course I would say okay I look like I
said I don't wanna make it special just
like you know like I'm trying to say
like I'm trying to bring this as a point
of view of like ya know and like you can
I mean you can have that preference to
like if somebody doesn't get like very
wet I mean like it can take away from
the experience I mean I understand I
mean you'll make like even like like
women can be made to feel shitty about
that too but I mean like I understand
what's true okay oh my god
mad and [ __ ] a nerve with wood this
one a thought maybe we're going with
like them like the black persona there
are some there are some knows that would
be justified and some that wouldn't or
would just made you just transphobic
right such I
let's have a like a concern could be a
sexual thing if it was better
constructed it or had a better idea but
a bad one would be like oh because it's
not a reveal whatever died be like a bad
one like something well I mean like yeah
when I say bad right a minute is like in
that point you're probably just not that
yeah you're just kind of yeah the thing
the rough thing about trans related
issues is that like things like gender
the funny thing is that like our
inability to accept trans people is is
tied very closely into like trans
people's like problems in life right
like our concept of like gender and
sexuality and all of that is like very
much deeply tied within us like into in
terms of like how we view all of it so
like okay I if you were to not give
justification mm-hmm at all right I feel
like this is a no and no capacity could
make you transphobic right as we're
being trans of it would be through
through reasoning mindset behavior like
these things if you were trans awake
like would make you a translate person
but it's just saying no like probably
when I just oh just this okay well
anything you say doesn't necessarily
make you one think it's your actual
thought process the thing is is exactly
we have to use words to get to people's
thought processes because we can't
actually know what any person's thought
processes we could only guess right yeah
so okay so I'm sorry so so the concept
of like gender and sexuality and sexual
preferences are all like very very very
hard wired into us and so it's very hard
to imagine like a guy that has a vagina
or girl that has a penis these things
require like a great deal of like mental
like thought to overcome I ever spent a
lot of time like digging through these
topics so yeah the attachment from your
your like your the person you were sort
of born with and you got built into you
get that sort of not forget that but
like take a step back from that and like
learn you know things but the dude so
deeply root that it's very hard isn't
that like like cognitive dissonance or
whatever the [ __ ]
I kind of not you kind of close enough
but it's just like it's it's a really
really really hard thing to get over and
honestly like the best way to do it is
um the best way to do it is through
experience like the problem is that like
and this is gonna sound really bad but
the truth is is that generally when
we're exposed to like trans people with
trans issues today in the media or in
the Orang streaming or whatever it's
usually like the most extreme example so
like some screeching crazy person that's
like screaming sjw isms or about LGBTQ
issues or it's usually like a really
confrontational really you know whatever
thing and sometimes like an interaction
with a trans person in real life that
doesn't like have a crazy agenda or
isn't confronting on some political
topic is like the best way to kind of
slowly change your mind about these
things because a lot of the idea is that
what we have in our minds about trans
people like oh like I know what trans
people are those are the people with
long purple hair that are screaming and
throwing like ovary blood and shadow
color which is unnecessary or like
there's a lot of like trans people that
are just like really normal chill people
and getting exposed to those types of
people more I think what kind of like
even out in your head more the idea of
like oh okay yeah I can definitely see
this person as somebody that I could
possibly date sure mm-hmm it's just
that's it's yet really hard to just like
intellectual or like to like think your
way to that position because all the
ideas right yeah perfect exactly so it's
those things I've never had the
experience yeah or even like a physical
experience with a transgender person it
that it's it's kind of a hard for me to
to take guests on what would feel or
actually be different if there's any
difference just like saying I think if I
think it would be really a reason like
this one's like all the branches of the
different argument or different sort of
issues that you could have or possible
ones I feel like let's say what if what
if after the transformation or five
minutes if I were to use I don't know
what other good ones to use datum
I'm not like acts with the topic [ __ ] it
it looks good to you um let's say an
agenda person that is not female I don't
know if there's like differences in like
their mouths or whatever that me they
would maybe keep certain traits
right and if things will feel different
you know like like kissing and [ __ ]
so for for sexuality right so I'm
talking sex now right the sexes of male
and the sex of female what we have for
traits is called a have you ever heard
the phrase bimodal distribution okay I
can you slow on the word a little bit
and just give me like all the syllabus
when I went sure
so it's something called a bimodal
distribution so often time Orval bye-bye
modal m OD a modal model like a model um
kind of but I do my stream open right
now yeah sure so when we think of like
male and female oftentimes what we think
of is like if I could graph like if
feminine is on the Left and masculine is
on the right
oftentimes what we're kind of thinking
of in our heads is that this is kind of
like what our like what our sexual Peaks
look like where there is like we have a
very distinct male group we have a very
distinct female group but the reality is
is the traits are like they're it's it's
much more ambiguous than than we would
like it to be right like okay it's going
to end up looking something something
closer to like this where like we kind
of we have traits that we and I didn't
even draw the swab like we have traits
that we generally associate with
masculine we have traits that we
generally associate with feminine but
there's a lot of overlap and a lot of
the differences end up becoming like
very exaggerated so this is something
that I've spent a great deal of personal
time thinking about when we think about
when you think about like what what
makes a man a man or what makes a woman
a woman a lot of this oh yeah it is
their duty to seek the truth and detect
the truth amazing continue wait what are
you talking about wait I don't
understand what are you talking about
what man oh oh yeah I never mind holy
[ __ ] I didn't get the reference to my
own [ __ ] debate holy [ __ ]
uh any okay anyway sorry um a lot a lot
of will be considered to be male versus
female ends up being like very socially
reinforced so for instance like if I
were to ask you or if you were to think
to yourself especially in a physical
sense like what makes a man a man versus
what makes a woman a woman a lot of the
stuff that you come up with isn't
actually going to be anything related to
sex a lot of it is going to be heavily
related to really like gender expression
so for instance women tend to have
smoother skin smooth legs they tend to
shave more right but these aren't like
there's nothing technically that says
women have smooth legs right that's
something that happens by exclusive well
yeah and they have to shave their legs
women's like aren't naturally smooth
that's a socially reinforced thing right
or women tend to have earrings women
tend to have long hair women tend to
smell a certain way like all of these
things then fingers like that well know
some things would be more like a genetic
thing like an actual biological thing
but in terms of like how people smell
and how people you know appear a lot of
these things like super heavily socially
reinforced so even a lot of the traits
you might be attracted to that seem like
100 percent like just male versus female
and have been kind of like social
contracts that we kind of like make
sense yeah cuz like a lot of their women
they work outside that every rough skin
there are guys like I said play video
games all day that have some good skin
like it happens you know well there's a
lot more ambiguity I guess if you're
honest with yourself you know okay so
okay with this with this sort of line of
thought we're going that were going
through if a transgender went through
all the things that girls socially do
like I shave their legs making their
skin smooth doing this so again getting
earrings and [ __ ] like that
do you generally feel like it be very
hard to tell I let's say after like like
hugging and kissing could you like do
you think you can distinguish it it
really depends on which side of that
bimodal distribution the trans woman
Falls after puberty because I'm
fortunate reality is that once you've
gone through puberty is a male there are
some pretty male distinguishing features
so like very prominent
Apple very prominent facial features
that can kind of be hard to get over but
I mean like it's totally possible yeah
depending on how that depending on how
they present and I guess depending on
how their body developed through puberty
yeah it's possible that you wouldn't
really notice okay here's what I was
that that train had which was a nun that
it was stupid and I think it was stupid
like I was trying to find an area where
you could calm transphobic or whatever
that she they like he retracted any
demon let me go towards like uh
having an actual intercourse yeah he
said okay let's just say like usually
give you a little bow job or let just
kiss like you know if you say no and
then it makes no sense if you didn't
peppers and didn't tell you beforehand
right and the only told you after you
didn't see the difference but I feel
like in some capacity you would be able
to tell the difference no I'm very
confident that you wouldn't be able you
wouldn't the thing is is it just like
like vaginas are so different from
person to person like you can have a
girl like either girls that are super
turned on and super into it the entire
time who will always need like to be
real ooh brocaded like every like five
minutes
they just need to they just they just
don't get that wet and then there are
like girls that are literally like they
can give you head and then they're so
[ __ ] wet that you can't even feel
anything when you [ __ ] up there so wet
like they're the range of like what
women's vaginas do is dramatically
different I don't feel confident that
you could ever [ __ ] a vagina guy oh
that's definitely like a created vagina
that wasn't they it's something they
were born like there's no way like yeah
like vaginas are just so varied from
person to person okay
that's something someone your chest and
like oh yeah from person experience and
so my buddies and [ __ ] they said that
I'm you can feel like the muscles inside
like I contract around and and with the
transgender person like eat like you it
was different and you could definitely
get any tell feeling at that point if
there's a complete distinction there's
no way like that's just not that just
sounds like some virgin [ __ ] I could be
wrong that's nothing some virgin [ __ ] to
me
I've dug around in plenty of vaginas I
don't know what the [ __ ] is going on in
there half the time it's some real
complicated [ __ ] in there okay there's a
lot of [ __ ] ridges and like caverns
and [ __ ] and like [ __ ] I've never
like stuck my dick in a vagina thing
like oh yes I could feel the the
posterior [ __ ] inner labia like
caressing the title you don't [ __ ]
that when you're [ __ ] somebody your
dick loses half its sensitivity if
you're really [ __ ] pounding away at
it there's no [ __ ] way there's no way
you can't [ __ ] [ __ ] yeah yeah no
[ __ ] way yeah yeah yeah it's [ __ ]
dumb be
you've never used your finger dude yeah
but the thing is the difference can you
me is that I've done it on more than one
person like the inside of every girl it
feels like very [ __ ] different like
what the [ __ ]
there'd like every vagina is insanely
[ __ ] different I don't know how else
to say it I mean I'm sorry like maybe
once you've [ __ ] more than just your
sister maybe you'll know what I'm
talking about but like yeah I think I
think it's time for society to come up
with more more decent words for thanks
overall I feel like I feel like if you
say dick it's kinda like crass Kokoda
you can say penis it's like surgical
like school [ __ ]
same thing with he goes see [ __ ] he
said like it lightly like smelling a
tractor is a vagina he's like some
[ __ ] nurse and [ __ ] er some [ __ ]
right okay we have like midterms at some
point what the [ __ ] is well these people
did it makes me uncomfortable to talk
about this Center yeah I mean I mean
that's just kind of the nature of it
like yeah yes all these words in chat
these all disgust me dude what is that
was that evolved a history oh my google
that I it's similar with like even when
you're talking about like for girls like
talking about their underwears like
can't even feel kind of weird well I
should have yeah like underwear
obviously sounds like you're talking
about like grandma panties sounds like
you're talking to like a [ __ ] 12 year
old like I don't know I guess yeah I
don't know there's like the words I
guess kind of suck but that's just
that's just the nature of the game I
guess
okay look everything related to a gender
and sexuality is like super [ __ ]
complicated and a lot of players like a
lot of like real-life experience
I remember for me I mean I considered no
I guess I was still conservative I think
I was like 20 19 or 20
no maybe I was like 20 21 and I was of
the mindset that like I would just never
date a black woman and because I wasn't
attracted to black women and then I went
to Miami and I met a couple black women
in Miami who were like super awesome
like super chill and super sexy and
everything and I got along with this one
girl that worked it could seem like I
got along with her really well and then
I realized afterwards that I was like oh
okay well I've only met like two black
women in my entire [ __ ] life and the
idea that I would never date a black
woman was literally based on the fact
that I've met like one or two and I just
didn't like it was literally just me
being racist it was just really stupid
okay yeah yeah and then after I met like
a couple black one that were like really
chills like why the [ __ ] like there was
like such a stupid [ __ ] thought I had
you know and then I've been in a similar
position with like transcript before
right you know kind of like I don't
think I could ever date a trans person
but then I met somebody that I thought
was trans for a little bit and I thought
about it for a long time I was like well
you know like if I get along with this
person in every single measure and and
like we get along really well and they
seem really cool and I really like the
person like yeah if I could I could date
a trans person why not and it seems like
kind of similar yeah okay okay I went to
that mental hoop and my conclusion yeah
I would do set the hoop of like um in my
head I got like a black analogy like
that not like pin will work for what my
Melanie Lau analogy still in the amount
of thought of like transphobia would not
was that I feel like if there was a
reason that was reasonable and and real
for saying no it'd be fine so if
somebody said I oh oh we were gonna have
sex well I'm trans you've said nope well
whoever's in it's fine and I was like
okay let's find let's unannounced for
that and I was like Charlie Rich in my
head and then if that's valid reaching
or just stupid right so an analogy my
edit let's say I'm hiring people to make
a commercial with like multiple
ethnicities right let's say like a Asian
like Russian black whatever right and
then like I already have let's say like
the Asian white like the black person
and hired and announced every interviews
and some dude comes in black right and
I'm like yeah I know you to hire like
goodbye right that's not racist right if
he doesn't meet the qualifications or
whatever or well no because I would have
a black guy for my for the black spot oh
I mean I guess if you're like trying to
felt like specific
or something yeah exactly for that
purpose this so then I said no only
let's say because he was black but that
that was there was there was a valid
reason why because that spa was like
taking it I mean you could just say that
that I mean that's no kind of racist but
I mean in this case it's kind of valid
to be racist like that's the whole point
right you want to discriminate based on
color here I mean if that's no I'm not
this committee I'm running a commercial
right well I'm gonna add like a certain
people that hold their hands make a
circle and it's all the know yeah I'm
sorry yeah real quick so I'm sorry I
used that word discriminate has like a
loaded context but it doesn't
necessarily have to be a bad word so for
instance if I'm drafting the five best
players for an overwatch team
I might discriminate against lower skill
players so I'm discriminating to get
only high school players that doesn't
necessarily have to be bad so like if
I'm trying to cast like a certain skin
color for a role then I might
discriminate people that don't match
that role that's not necessarily a bad
thing oftentimes the discrimination is
bad but it's not necessarily bad so like
yeah yeah yeah like let's say let's say
I'm hiring prefer of our overwatch
Rankin Miller team and have six spots
and 50% only 50% can be Korean and I
would have three Koreans and for you
three innate if I create some Korean
guys I was like yo dude I'm better
[ __ ] pop off no you're getting is
you're Korean I'm not being closer than
since it'll racist towards crime people
I just take it them because they're
[ __ ] rasa-lila 30%
yeah that would probably be location
okay [ __ ] it I would wait okay wait what
did we win that's it everyone wait what
did we win though I win that is that if
there if there's valid reason it is this
valid non biased non against that type
for the bad reasons it's still again
justice to say no oh yeah yeah the
reason why I am train wrecks is probably
so cut up on it is very caught up on it
it's because the argues of busy law and
I think is he's trying to get at the
idea that train wrecks is probably
harboring some internal
some kind of like internal transphobia
that he's like not being honest with
himself or with busy about and that's
kind of why they get into it so much so
like
is is the trend person yeah is a
transfer woman is that is that as ins
gold over no no no is he whatever the
person that goes on the podcast not not
um not a cop what's her [ __ ] name not
whoever that miss sparkles is somebody
different this is somebody way to ever
than what you're thinking of trust me oh
[ __ ] yeah
what was I um oh yeah but anyway have
you ever heard of the fray frays like a
post hoc rationalization no so a post
hoc rationalization basically means
you're thinking of a conclusion and then
you're gonna find any way to get there
no matter what
yes yeah I've heard that before yeah so
like this is like a fallacy so I was
like oh is that like it like some sort
of found another fallacy like that like
a bad concept of arguing or present your
data it's like it's like oh oh did or
trash yeah it's like a form of motivated
reasoning basically okay and yet you I
mean like for arguing with other people
technically no one else can ever really
call you out on this I mean they could
if you say enough things that makes it
look like you're doing it but if you're
but it to be honest with yourself you
don't want to do this typically if you
if your goal is to like be correct about
things you don't want to engage in
motivated reasoning so be careful
thinking like I really like one thing
that would that I would caution you
against like you could think like I
really don't want to [ __ ] a trans person
and I'm gonna use any [ __ ] argument I
can to get out of it like if you're
doing that then you know you're you're
probably just like you already have your
conclusion you're just trying like
really really hard to find a reason to
to be transfer but you know okay I felt
like I was acting that way maybe not on
purpose but subconsciously just at some
point because I was too busy and
argument just when the argument but not
as my nature to doing that which that
would then I get bad yeah but I would
argue post hoc rationalization is always
bad because it shows that you're not
using like a logical way to get to a
conclusion like yeah is doing better I
was win the argument but it's not how I
really felt
just like temporarily that oh I mean I
guess it depends on how you view
arguments but like typically I would say
trying to win arguments this way it's
probably not good another like here's
like a third alternative that's like
this is an alternative that I honestly I
think is okay is you can just say like
[ __ ] it like I mean internally I guess I
am just a little transphobic and then
it's something that hopefully will
change with time like you work on it
slowly little by little like transphobia
is that's a really [ __ ] like we're
getting into some very like post modern
interpretations of gender roles in
society for us to be super 100% okay
with like transgender people and having
sex with or relationship with
transgender people like this is a really
hard topic that requires a great deal of
thinking to get around all right like
for me like I am I generally know Java I
don't see myself being like against it
out of the blue more but I did like I
don't need the juice and I currently
feel with what I've seen it what I've
heard and what I've read on unbiased
sources I feel like I wouldn't get the
same juice and makes me a little sad and
I'm trying to have my arguments not
loaded it but with garbage enjoy that
focus on that like that I'm not gonna
get the same juice but if if I were to
be convinced that the juice is the same
I will give a [ __ ]
sure yeah I mean III know what you're
saying
like let's say friend like you've seen
like the sneaky cosplay [ __ ] right yeah
like imagine like whatever girl you
really [ __ ] like imagine if she had
that personality and then she looked
like sneaky I mean like I feel like if
you were to go through this like if
you're being honest we saw we could
probably be like pretty easier to it to
envision a relationship like that or
something right yes yes but let's always
favor sexual and for you that support is
very important like it's prime right
yeah and you just can't get these
looking forward and now yeah and in that
case yeah that's fine you know okay cool
if that's like really your preference or
whatever I mean as long as like if
that's your preference if you're being
honest with yourself and you're cool I
mean like that's okay
and like I said like I'm pretty much the
same way like I think I'm pretty cool
with trans people I'm pretty in most in
every like size shape and form I don't
know I'm not
entirely 100 sure if I would want to be
in a long-term relations because I'm not
like into dicks that way I don't I don't
think I could do it long-term and I
don't think that makes me necessarily
transphobic so I mean yeah highway so
where are you from
you can do it for a while like what a
date that's a whole other discussion
okay so that's what you were saying yeah
I mean like I mean like well there's an
arrant like a romantic attraction versus
just like kind of like a casual oh okay
you said like but it would be a
trade-off
you okay with it for a while until it
just right off became that not worth it
or like overexposure yeah maybe yeah I
don't know it would be something I have
to think about for a long time but
interesting I get it yeah and I don't
think there's necessarily anything wrong
with that so yeah reach at amazing
yeah it's topping that I try to avoid
and not talk too much about it
mm-hmm well I thought would train and I
thought they were polite just like
bashing head against the wall and I
didn't want to like overdo the topping
and always talking about it but I like I
want to like evolve in a way with it the
info or the another debate but the
arguments I would get would get
gradually better until I have like
actual answers right into the full
impact like always the same person and
oh yeah you know like Michael I make the
same bar I'm talking about like football
you know never really you think it
conclusions just rattle the same hey I
think Karen could get to a good
conclusion it sometimes he just gets
like really caught up in like this yes
yeah and like this idea that like
somebody's like out to get over there's
like some grand narrative that's like
kind of like sabotaging him resulting if
that's over explored to Michie what do
you say it's it's it's a common
phenomenon it's overexposure to Mitchie
I'm Mitch Jones and the other syndrome
and it's kind of paintable that he's oh
dude doesn't mention chat right now
[Music]
