hold on I'm sorry it's [ __ ] so
[ __ ] stupid and chat it's not just a
one day [ __ ] thing you [ __ ] morons
like typically people that celebrate
Chinese New Year's will do it for like
almost up to two weeks it's not a one
[ __ ] day thing if you're gonna call
me up to be in America it'll be [ __ ]
culturally [ __ ] you [ __ ] [ __ ]
what's up licking hey man how you doing
pretty good hit me up I got so much dude
like I have three hours where the
content I've been taking notes for two
[ __ ] weeks oh I'm so ready for this
plane oh you got two minutes what do you
want what the [ __ ] Jesus Christ all
right um
hey God I don't know where to start I'm
gonna just read topics you tell me which
one sparks your interest okay I want you
to enjoy this experience okay toxic
masculinity yeah cool all right what is
the line between so ioud
the one that got this note was the that
show what's one you do Ross show right
yeah so that got brought up and I I
agreed that with the idea of toxic
masculinity for a long time I said
it's [ __ ] stupid because they don't
like it was a knee-jerk reaction right
but the more I thought about it the more
I listened to the argument I get the
idea of talk smack toxic masculinity to
a degree yeah but my question is like
what is the line and I know that's a
cliche right well what is the line where
does it stop but genuinely what is the
line is masculinity itself construct
that can't be accepted and we need to do
away with it and everyone is equal or is
there an idea of being a quote man that
actually has some some merit I mean I
don't like it I mean I guess it's might
be necessary for society for a lot of
the way people view themselves but I
mean I'd say bucket I think that most of
these things can be viewed as traits
that both people should desire but I
mean oh no it's [ __ ] is that it like I
mean that just that the idea of quote
being a man is just something that
eventually is gonna be phased out if I
don't know if it will be I mean group
identity is really [ __ ] important to a
lot of people so I don't know if you can
ever phase out completely like stuff
like that cool
do I have more time go for it dude when
she got alright so I listen I never
watched the original jontron debate but
I saw you brought up a new thing about
it and I have a lot of comments about it
coming up again but the one thing
do you want to say is let's look at the
less inflammatory idea you know first of
all I'm not saying I agree with jontron
I'm just posing a question if I told you
that I don't like that other societies
that have been around a long time if had
inflation grow to such a point that they
no longer have a lower denomination of
currency so the 1 5 10 et cetera doesn't
exist for them I say that I myself I
enjoy that we have the one dollar bill -
five dollar bill - ten dollar bill and
if you were to say hey in your lifetime
that's not gonna be a thing anymore soon
you know five thousand won't mean
anything
it'll be like five bucks and I said that
kind of bothers me can anyone really
have a problem with that like logically
hyperinflation is a really [ __ ] bad
it destroys a lot of people's lives I'd
be a bad thing well right so I'm but I'm
saying from my understanding I'm not
even thinking of that far ahead
right I'm saying yeah I like the five
dollar bill I don't want to call it a
five thousand dollar bill I want to keep
the five dollar bill because it just
it's what I know right I can't really
get upset with anyone about that because
it's just you can say oh I mean yeah you
might suck you have to accept change but
at the end of the day it's gonna happen
regardless right so I bring that example
up because it's not you know I think
there is merit to the idea that some
people are uncomfortable with the idea
that the world would change to such
degree that you look around yourself and
everyone is different
sure like like so I feel that when
listening to his uh his side like I
don't think he was articulating that
aspect of it as well because he kept
going back to naturalism tribalism but
it but there is to some degree the need
to consider how people are gonna feel
about it when you're discussing those
issues yeah for sure
I totally agree and I think that there
are some concessions that should be made
a lot of people don't like me for saying
this but I actually like the more I've
thought about this the more strongly I
feel this way I really do feel like
there should be like an enforcement for
like national languages like I think
that should actually be like a pretty
big thing that maybe even there's like
some legalese there that goes into
enforcing that where like if you're part
of like a certain country like we should
probably pay attention to like you
should probably be able to speak like
the language of whatever country you're
in like this should probably be like a
requirement
I actually got this feeling a lot when I
was in a it was really strange but um
being in Auckland the capital of New
Zealand mm-hmm there's a lot of Chinese
people there holy [ __ ] and there was
like there was like a it was like the
tallest building they have you can go
into like the observatory at the top
which is really cool but there was a go
hole celebration outside before like
Chinese New Year stuff and all of it was
written in Chinese and and personally I
don't give a [ __ ] I don't care about any
of this [ __ ] but I could see like an old
person or maybe somebody in their 30s or
40s that had like if they'd been in this
part of the country like a lot and they
travelled around the country a lot and
they'd spent a lot of times in areas if
they come back to it and all of a sudden
like you don't even recognize the
language anymore
I could see people that would feel a
little bit uncomfortable with that I
think that's yeah yeah there was some of
their aspect of that that uh but yeah so
that was the really the big thought with
the the jontron one is I feel alone I'm
looking my notes to make sure I don't
miss anything but I think that was
really it's like I understand the
people's knee-jerk reaction to the idea
that everything's gonna change so
drastically but I don't think it's it is
about race and I know you kept yeah I
mean well some people make it that way I
think you could have these discussions
like jontron wasn't capable of doing it
and most people are just [ __ ] racist
but I do think that there are probably
reasonable discussions to have about
like how fast can a society change and
we reasonably expect people to keep up
with it because I get some level like
holy [ __ ] like things can change like
very [ __ ] fast and it can be almost
any human to expect some people to be
able to keep up with how rapidly things
are changing and then to still feel like
they're part of that society and there's
still like a valued member of it I can I
can see that anyway there's reasonable
discussions to be had there so I think
that that kind of segues into a
different idea which is what's the
concern about how fast society moves as
far as progressivism goes there's a lot
of stuff that's changed that that maybe
five years ago I would have been like
why why are we doing this but now as my
political views have changed I'm more
okay with it but you're gonna have that
where it happened so fast and it has
there's it's undeniable the amount of
change we've had in the last five years
has been insane and very rapid in
comparison to the lat
a hundred years that came before it is
number what would the word me where I'm
speculating here like I have no
conclusive proof but I mean hold on I'm
sorry it's [ __ ] so [ __ ] stupid in
chat that was peak American from destiny
it's [ __ ] Chinese New Year's it's not
just a one day [ __ ] thing you [ __ ]
morons like typically people that
celebrate Chinese New Year's will do it
for like almost up to two weeks it's not
a one [ __ ] day thing if you got to
call me up to be an American I'll be
[ __ ] culturally [ __ ] you [ __ ]
[ __ ] holy [ __ ] sorry go Christ
it was the [ __ ] dammit what's that guy's
name Jack who [ __ ] with you because no
one [ __ ] with me
it was the fog oh yeah so the idea that
were so like you know you're talking
about like political violence and all
that but a lot obviously you're talking
intense
the spectrum but the idea that change
gets pushed so fast and there are people
that are realistic the resistant of that
change whether it's for a political
affiliation for religious beliefs for
just you know their idea of culture and
society isn't it possible that you know
we inadvertently radicalize and push
things yeah of course that always
happens when things change that's not a
good reason not to change though that
argument is very scary right that's kind
of like cuz like you can use that
argument for so many bad things right
like well if we let people get into
interracial relationships are we gonna
make a lot of people more race like yeah
maybe but that's not a good reason to do
it right now is something to be aware of
yeah and I think that's the important
part right yeah you have to be aware of
the way that people think and feel
because if you don't take that in
consideration you just say you're on the
wrong side of history
then you designed of alienating a bunch
of people yeah exactly and in the end
that kind of hurts the you know yeah I
can yeah yeah it's a it's a difficult
balancing act between like how do you
push things in a good direction forward
versus not trying to like tone police or
limit people trying to push for positive
change in right I have a thousand things
but I want it one more thing about the I
know you've heard been hit up about it a
lot the political violence thing mm-hmm
I guess my idea before I have any
criticism is to understand it do you
think that at this moment we are at a
point where
political violence would be justified or
do you think always well again it can be
justified like I just want people to be
aware of the consequences of their
actions like when I say it can be
justified what I'm saying is it like if
you are somebody that like adamantly
supports somebody like Donald Trump and
like a Hispanic person or a trans person
wants to kick your ass I mean like you
[ __ ] it do like you [ __ ] you you know
you bought your ticket like I don't know
you have a right to complain about it I
don't think it's effective right now I
don't think we need to get to that level
I just I really wish people were more
aware I just get really tired everything
like all these [ __ ] white guys saying
dumb [ __ ] like it's just a vote well
you're just politics you should like
just because we have a disagreement in
political opinion doesn't mean we can't
still be friends like now [ __ ] off you
get the [ __ ] out of here with your dumb
[ __ ] like if you think some real [ __ ]
stupid [ __ ] no I'm gonna be [ __ ]
friends with you right like do you want
to go March run with [ __ ] tiki
torches you better believe I'm cutting
you out of my life what kind of dumbass
[ __ ] is that like no [ __ ] no like people
and people stop [ __ ] people break up
friendships over pineapple on [ __ ]
pizza like of course I'm not gonna be
friends with you if you think that we
should like [ __ ] kick out like
Hispanic kids from this country because
they don't meet whatever weird bar you
have for being an American like [ __ ]
that [ __ ] so someone just brought up a
quote today yeah some idiot made a
facebook rant but it is basically saying
like you don't have the I don't have to
respect your opinion you have a right
I've respect your right to have an
opinion kind of something like that okay
and like I can get that like you you can
have a stupid opinion I don't have to
respect it because it's stupid but you
can have that opinion but I think that's
completely different than saying you
don't get to have an opinion yeah here's
like this is like the thing that I want
like it's really really really hard to
understand this it's very hard for me to
[ __ ] understand okay wait how old are
you 31 oh [ __ ] okay you're a year ahead
of me see you should know this no I'm
just fine you like it took me a long
time to get this right a lot of the
things a lot of the times what our goal
or not our goal what our gut is is our
gut wants to say these are just my
opinions this is just politics this is
just like my thoughts on this like you
don't have a right to hate me over so
it's like these are just like political
things right what are just politics to a
lot of people like in majority power
status of people that for instance whose
people's whose properties of existence
don't necessarily lead to a worse
existence so for instance like the
property of mail the property of why the
property of straight these are things
that don't like dommage
terribly harm us in American society
today they don't if you think they do
you're [ __ ] delusional
okay well it's all like to us you know
things like Colin Kaepernick like
kneeling during an NFL game that's just
politics to me okay I don't want to hear
about this dumb [ __ ] about [ __ ] black
people in my NFL game it's just [ __ ]
politics I don't care right but to a
black person this is what they live with
every single [ __ ] day of their life
so for you to say something like well
it's just politics you're basically
telling people with these lived
experiences like hey dude like honestly
your issues not that important to me
like I just don't really care because it
doesn't affect me most of time right
so you have to be really careful when
you say things like this is just
politics is just my political opinion
like anytime you find yourself saying
that like think like well would I say
the same of this was an issue that
actually directly affected me if this
was something that I had to live through
and suffer through and deal with every
single day would I feel like it's just
politics or what my perspective on this
change I think it's really important to
be aware of those things I I agree and I
was initial response to Colin Kaepernick
was what the [ __ ] man like it was the
flag is that unnecessary is it hey
you're on the NFL's time if you're
crossing that money by your stand you
know taking that stand I think you're in
the wrong etc but I do get it because
there is an issue there is something to
be observed and there is a discussion to
be had and I think that if I can [ __ ]
you know take it took me about I think a
year I think for that that come around
but if I can do it then other people can
do it and or if I can do it I mean like
I said I mean you watch my old [ __ ] like
with [ __ ] Richard Lewis where I make
arguments like white people should be
able to say anywhere they want these are
these are YouTube videos you can find
today oh you feel like yeah so I mean
like I've obviously changed quite a bit
as well yeah I still have a problem with
that one like I and I it's one of those
things that I'm afraid to talk about
more but I think it's important too
because there are people that are on the
fringe that you can talk you can talk
about anything anybody I'm not gonna
demonize okay I'm a friendly lefty all
right you're not gonna demonize me but I
might get clipped put up and God knows
what fine come tonight with one of them
clickbait titles huh yeah toxic
masculinity thing should be something
that you intuitively understand were you
ever I'm sorry I'm not trying to say you
real or not
were you ever deployed yeah okay so then
like okay yeah damn
like that's something that should be
like should hold like a pretty closed
place in your heart right like mental
health issues and stuff related to that
in the United States military is can be
in a pretty rough spot sometimes right
where you're like in this really weird
world of like you know like do our
report mental health issues my superiors
does it make me less of a man right like
there's a lot of pressure on like a
[ __ ] soldier that like you're not
gonna be a [ __ ] beige baby and cry
about [ __ ] like you have to be you know
like super masking you gotta really and
these are these have really [ __ ]
negative impacts on on people's heads
yeah so yeah that cuz you brought up
that topic earlier like I know it yeah
yeah no you're you're right it's
something that I've watched change i
watch people's ideas of it changed I
think I can't I was involved with a lot
of people that were a little more aware
of it and a little more concerned my
last one of my last deployments was with
the again I'm not for the stolen valor
folks I wasn't Special Forces but I was
with this special forces unit and just
the cognizance about you know the
detriment of being over there and the
the OP tempo and the things you're
exposed to they have you know it's very
open community about it they they're
very much concern and then trying to
come back and live like as a [ __ ]
civilian after all of that like Jesus
yeah no it's it's [ __ ] difficult and
with the toxic masculinity thing so like
if you say hey man up like I get what
you mean huh
do we need to find a different way to
say it like I just like when you say
like I guess like when you say like man
up like what are you trying to say like
take responsibility for what you're
doing like you need to be able to take
charge of the situation like but I'm
basically trying to get out of my mask
he's like is there anything here that we
wouldn't want a woman to do to know
exactly and that's the thing like you
know hey you know adjust to your
surroundings the part of toxic
masculinity that really I get is like I
think one of the things that that had
come up on the what was it called the
raw show I think the topic was something
about someone not having sex until a
certain point in their life mm-hmm and I
get that like I think it would be toxic
masculinity to for your group of friends
to say if you're like hey I'm just
really not so I myself I waited a long
time to have sex I was very religious
and I
to wait for marriage and anyone I could
see labeling it toxic masculinity if
anyone who I explained that to said I'll
suck it up be a man and go get some
[ __ ] right yeah sure like I get that
that's an unnecessary pressure it works
its way against me
yeah people even act like that like to
me today and it's actually equally
annoying even though it sounds like a
humble brag like the fact that people
like all like just do so much cool you
know these [ __ ] get laid or whatever
is like nah I don't think they're like
they should be like a big part of like
what it means to be a man or there
shouldn't be a big part of like how you
view your like worth and society as a
males like the number of women that you
can [ __ ] it's like I don't think that's
a really healthy way to look at things
at all and it turns into yeah there's
like so many negative things that come
out of that right and so if I were to
say but is what is masculinity like I
guess that would be a better thing right
not to be a man but is there something
that is masculine like what is
masculinity is it strength well women
can be strong too is it is it desire to
protect and provide women can protect
and provide to like so do we say that
the construct of masculinity isn't
something and does that also mean that
we have to take femininity and D and
diminish that as well I guess um I don't
know dude it's I have to think a lot of
arguing from from my point of view like
I wish it would all go away cuz I guy
[ __ ] I don't know dude like there are
traits that I love that exist like in
men and women and I wish that like
everybody would be like cool having
these traits I don't know that's just
how I feel I guess but yeah I don't so
how do you feel about I don't know the
argument well enough to probably phrase
it right but I guess the idea that
certain things that are celebrated in
the transgender community actually work
against feminist ideas Oh like what like
the idea of feminine beauty thief just
femininity that's not really where fun I
can't give you a good no no no that's
something that I wrestle with I've
actually wanted to talk a counterpoints
about that a lot because I don't
understand what I'm supposed to think
about that so when you say what so that
ties in man dude I'm not joking I've
like three hours of notes for this when
you bring up that point I listen to your
discussion with I don't know who but you
made a comment that what's the
transgender conservative
but Miss Blair white Blair white yes you
said and one of one of your discussions
Blair white knows I think it was the the
four-way you had with Sargon and and
whoever else and it was the comment that
she knows nothing about trans rights and
so I guess you just said talking to what
was the other person's name
well contra points yeah you said you
about how you're supposed to feel boat
to what degree is her knowledge Blair
White's not really I guess relevant when
it comes France because she is trans has
has gone through the experience and well
this is one of the a this is one of the
reasons why I like a lot of left-leaning
people will say things like minority
voices are important in blah blah blah
blah blah and like to some extent
they're right but in a genomics time I
really don't give a [ __ ] if you're a
minority like I judge things based on
the merits of their arguments if you're
minority or not I don't give a [ __ ]
because there are minorities I say some
real dumb [ __ ] even about minorities as
well right like if every single minority
viewpoint was important then that means
that we should listen to Candice Owens
because she has some real important
things to say about the place of black
people in America right but we obviously
know that's not true
or meilu gianopolous has good things to
say about gay people in America we
obviously know that's not true so I mean
like I don't know like I try to judge
things on the merits of their argument
versus oh yeah weird like Jesse Lee
peterson has good things to say about
black people yeah so I am go ahead yes I
mean I try to judge things based on like
just like on the merits of their
arguments if I can rather than right I
think one of the issues I had and I
would like to one day do extreme Wraiths
you where we discussed a lot of the the
beliefs that I have in that have changed
to kind of get an idea of where I stand
politically but one of the things that
is I've thought about is that when I was
really conservative any time as
homosexual still acceptable saying
someone is homosexual is fine saying
someone is a homosexual is probably not
fine so what I say instead of instead of
saying a homosexual would say I say an
LGBT member community member would say
is that the I'm sure or you can say like
someone who's homosexual or a homosexual
person yeah okay God or someone a
homosexual a good
a homosexual person would say you know
they have some a bit like gay marriage I
used to be against it right and if a
homosexual would come out and say I am
also is that wrong you're fine just
hearing about it cut a homosexual will
come out and say I am against gay
marriage I would be like their opinion
matters too and I can I even then I
could I could say I get that they don't
speak for everyone but at that point in
time I was like but their opinion
matters too and I see everyone like you
know a lot of slander and online
communities against any gay person that
would speak out against gay marriage
uh-huh but I would argue you know that
but then now is I have different views
and all that I temper that a little bit
more and say well yes they have that
opinion but if the majority say X Y & Z
then you know yeah I don't even think
it's the majority like I wouldn't even
care if them if the majority of the gay
community said the gay people shouldn't
get married I mean unless they have like
a really good reason for like that
wouldn't be enough to persuade me away
from that it wouldn't be enough to
persuade me away from it anymore but I
would say that when I was on that other
side it would be enough for me to to
like really bed down and say no I can't
agree with you majority says this yeah
sucks let's do civil unions and be done
with it but I'm gonna I'm gonna step
down because there are a lot of other
people waiting ahead of me so I'm gonna
sit in that room though if you want any
more time with me baby I'll be here okay
I'll keep in mind money I love you
[Music]
