you know that you can't cite scientists
across other disciplines to justify
something they don't study in right like
you support are you saying that Einstein
or whatever supports you means
absolutely nothing because Einstein
didn't major in philosophy right that
wasn't his field of expertise right I
fully agree but the reason why I used oh
wait no no we're gonna go point by point
you just said that you fully agree so
that means that you're telling me that
what you said earlier was wrong anything
having to do with philosophy you are
citing people like Neil deGrasse Tyson
and Einstein as saying that they support
your philosophy neither at lowes our
philosophers do you think that they're
credible in the field of philosophy
Mascara yester net well because you get
Cal up like a [ __ ] okay so we're
gonna do this point by point do you
think that Einstein or Neil deGrasse
Tyson can give you significant
credibility in the field of philosophy
yes or no yeah let me think okay
you shouldn't have to think about it
because you were really excited on
stream when you found this out okay so
can you define it philosophy for me do
you know what philosophy is what is the
difference between philosophy and
science I don't think you know the
difference
science is the objective reality based
on empirical evidence while philosophy
is the love of wisdom no but wait like
that is why Einstein also got a lot of
his his Drive and understanding in
reality because of you have an
absolutely no way of knowing that how
could you ever make that state I do how
how do you know that you've a time
machine and said no because Einstein
actually wrote about it you have no idea
how much Einstein's personal philosophy
contributed to the scientific
contributions that he made you have no
way of knowing that I disagree because
it doesn't matter if you disagree you're
wrong you can't possibly know how much
his ela sofy contributed why ok let me
tell you why because I think the same
way okay but you haven't made any
contributions to science you don't even
have a background in academia in any of
the fields that you claim to understand
so much about so I thought about
contribution to science it's about the
contribution to humanity I'm sure we can
both agree that we can go through
history we can find tons of people that
have contributed to humanity that have
had a [ __ ] stupid personal philosophy
on life plenty of religious people you
go before the 1700 Sun [ __ ]
everybody's religious dude even earlier
yeah
it's not just my opinion there's a lot
of very even Stephan Stephan Hawkins
says it like there's me okay a scientist
says it not a philosopher yeah but the
reason why a philosopher doesn't say it
is because they make a living because it
okay then I could say the reason a
scientist doesn't say it is because they
make a living of it yeah but the
difference between science and
philosophy science books computers
philosophers are just a bunch of people
nowadays what do you think our legal
system comes from the philosophy of law
that entire branch is informed by
philosophy why is it wrong to murder
somebody science will never answer the
question of is abortion right or wrong
science will never answer the question
of is the death penalty morally
acceptable signed how the science gave
you these answers how what is the
objective reality tell you about
euthanasia for instance the effects of
legalizing gay marriage or whatever
might be you know overall a net positive
to society but people might still be
morally opposed to it because they think
that homosexual behavior ought not to be
encouraged is not always giving an
answer that is always fully accurate but
in line with what is commonly accepted
no no it's not about more commonly
accepted it's about no no I can't let
you say something completely incorrect
and move on because this is how you win
your arguments you say a bunch of
[ __ ] and when you try to move on to
everything yeah okay sure was a
necessity
while nowadays it is not but there is
two places in this planet where where
you could assume that death penalty is
required like when you go to for example
in Syria where the mentality of people
is much more backwards so basically you
can measure it's called sociology which
what you're talking about you can
measure the impact of certain decisions
on on the on the on society like hold on
hold on oh no no no no before we
Geminoid everything okay
so let's say that I have a society where
I have the opportunity to execute
somebody versus locking them in prison
for life why would I choose one or the
other how does science give me an answer
there well you just society what impacts
so you're going by a financial limit so
if one is more expensive than the other
then you either kill him or you don't
kill them and and that's why you just
keep him locked up you always have to
look at reality okay but then that
person you keep locked up do you kill
them or do you not kill me we're talking
about the death penalty not
reintegration into society
what I'm getting at is you can't give me
an answer science can I give me the
answer how how can you tell me if that
person ought to be killed or not by
seeing okay but people don't care about
the results they want to know is it
morally acceptable to kill somebody or
not kill somebody if you haven't answer
give me the answer don't dance around it
is it morally acceptable to kill
somebody yes or no you're saying that
you have to look at the benefit to
society the key difference between me
and you
one key difference is I submit myself to
logic and you submit yourself to comfort
and that is why my logic and my rhetoric
is superior tell me what logical
irrational thing I've done that has been
compromised by comfort tell me what I
just said well first of all you're
contradicting yourself how that's
awesome like for example in the last
call you talked about you would never
lie on stream and then I debunked that I
net first of all static I never said I
would never lie I said I would never
lied to push an ideology you claimed
that you said that your memory was
really good and we watched the clip and
you were wrong so first not that's
absolutely false what you just said you
just have a privilege and that's what
you used to sit on your higher moral
ground your higher moral horse in order
to make these statements and pretend
you're all this reason and source of
reason while you're sitting on your ass
playing games all day okay so there are
no such things as errors yeah error is
only emotional relative okay it's
relative gotcha so you have to define it
and when you define it then you can you
know everything is relative and
everything is inner subjective and
everything is semantics
that's an amazing argument you've
totally right I didn't agree with you
but now when we redefine every word I
think I'm starting to understand yeah
but when I speak I'm always very aware
on what emotions are being triggered
when using certain words gotcha
it's when I talk about science I usually
like to talk about like well except a
scientific term so that everybody is on
the same page instead of redefining
everything like honestly I don't think
that which audience is the best audience
to speak about science in that way
gotcha I feel like the best way to
further their mind scientifically then
would be to speak scientifically rather
than to treat them like idiots and use
words that mean nothing in order to
perpetuate that stupidity but but that's
the difference between you and me I
don't like to lie but the thing is
though like honesty
you saying you don't agree with this bit
man a lot of your viewers gonna go like
this then you drop the ball there
because this is a really obvious one
okay dude I don't think that's gonna
happen we very many people did every
single argument that I've given you
that's back to you no corner you have
redefined something you've changed
semantically something why have you said
this is subjective Doyle this is
objective no this is subjective but
every single thing I backed you to a
corner I did you know what's funny like
the more thousand people from your chat
will really say like this thing you
really dropped the ball there now I can
guarantee you got children and also you
will read up on it and go like oh okay
okay I shouldn't have said that sure I
guess okay you're not gonna say that
about any of the [ __ ] things you
said though right like like RNA
transcription isn't an error and you
know like the fact that comfort is
probably my core value underneath my
logic like I've been saying or the crazy
things to you oh no no because
everything that every time you lie about
something you can say that you're lying
about it to further your ideology so you
have that escape so when you claim to
unite QM and classical mechanics when
somebody says you drop the ball they're
Athene you'd be like no no I didn't drop
the ball I only lied about it so that
you would say that I drop the ball so
that you notice it right that's like
such an awesome platform to argue from
you're never wrong about anything you
want to know actually wait I'm saying
one more quick thing you know what
happened there dude I actually dropped
the ball there just because look how
much Chad is saying that I dropped the
ball that's gonna make more people watch
this YouTube video and they're all gonna
come here and agree with me because I
dropped the ball there I only did it
because I'm trying to further my own
yeah did you know that yeah but I said I
don't want to like no no I said I don't
want to lie so that people think I don't
want to lie because what I'm really
doing is I'm manipulating the inner
subjective reality where people perceive
people that don't lie is better than
people to do lie and I know that if more
people perceive me that way they'll come
and watch my videos where that I'm free
to lie to them because they think I'm
not gonna lie Athene it's the inner
subjective reality dude I'm just playing
it on another level you know actually if
that is the case I have to give you
props for that that would be quite
intelligence but I'm afraid you're not
that intelligent though ah do you um do
you have like any ambassadors for your
brand for your philosophy like people
that go out and preach whatever because
I think I could do it really well I
think I understand this really well I
think I could do I really do think I
could do it I would like to put out a
message to all the future debaters of a
theme okay cuz your logic is infallible
okay if you ever back Athena into
anything he will claim that he has a
different meaning for the word he'll
turn in a new semantics thing he will
claim that it's actually he's lying
about it because he is manipulating the
inner subjective reality to make other
people believe in things that and it's
for the greater good and then he will
say that the only possible way you can
disprove anything he's saying is if his
memories go out and start murdering
people
so I mean your logic is absolutely
infallible and undefeatable if your son
is at risk you'd lie you'd say anything
and claim anything on claiming here in
order to save it and the only difference
between you and me is that I see that in
the bigger picture sure and I dice that
I no no not at all no because you're
talking about lying for an ideology and
I'm talking about lying to save
somebody's life these are very different
things don't compare these things like
I'm just explaining why how people use
reason and how it is just a tool of
fulfilling their comfort as long that is
the case they will never really truly
think for themselves because they will
always have that layer all right well
hey listen this was a much more savage
argument but I love you and I hope you
do well I don't hope that you die or
anything I don't know you hope the same
I appreciate you come on have these
conversations although I know you're
doing it in a self-serving way but
that's okay thank you for the talks no
problem anytime then all right have fun
weekend yeah I don't know how to argue
with a person like this I can't do it
consent I feel like I would have to get
like academic knowledge in all of these
fields like I'm not even sure what like
so like the problem so this is how I
normally go about arguing with people
right normally when I argued people what
I try to do is I try to point out
inconsistencies in their argument and
then when they see those inconsistencies
they'll go oh okay well that is
inconsistent I'm gonna have to do some
more thinking to reconcile those
inconsistencies but the difference is
athene acknowledges the inconsistencies
and embraces them the United States
government will not accept
allow trains
