hello okay what's up buddy
one second okay yeah you got all the
seconds in the world buddy okay you have
pants on can you no no yes I'm good okay
cool so I'm gonna mute a lot cuz I'm
already crying okay why do you get so
emotional about this topic I don't know
I think it's been like that my whole
life like any time I met with something
like super serious I should start crying
and I think it's it's it's just like a
defense mechanism but I don't do it to
make people feel bad for me I'd
literally just can't control it
gotcha I've actually known somebody like
that before and they were really first
or whether they wouldn't even
necessarily be sad they were just like
pretty hustling Pat yeah that happens to
me all the time
like if I'm in social situations then I
get nervous cuz let's say there's too
many people or it's too loud I sure cry
okay yeah no I mean it's it is what it
is
so okay so what's up what are we talking
about here today I don't know like I
said before I feel like the community
that is revolving around politics like a
quality community on to it I didn't
really even know about it I thought that
you know it was just like a couple of
streamers I didn't know that it was so
many people who like just watch twitch
just to like follow up on that kind of
stuff like world news and stuff and I
grew up in a really like shut-in home I
wasn't allowed to learn about that kind
of stuff I wasn't allowed to have an
opinion my dad was very traditional like
women or to be seen not heard like look
at the ground when you're in public and
don't like give your opinion
I'm just curious is it what was it like
Christian or was it like well somewhere
with okay okay okay
yeah so I I wasn't really allowed to
learn about like war and stuff and it
wasn't really ever talked about like
politics my dad just was like super
Republican always vote Republican no
matter who it is and that didn't leave
it at that so I wasn't ever really
interested in it growing up I never
really like cared to look at any of that
stuff I didn't I've never voted before
I've never I didn't really pay attention
to politics I don't like I don't really
watch the news I still don't really know
what's happening but recently I've been
like trying to learn more and like
watching more streams and like watching
videos and stuff about certain things I
still don't really know a lot I don't
really know the difference between like
I don't know the difference between the
right and the left I still don't know
technically what someone's views are if
they're Republican or Democrat all I
know is that it's like the traditional
way of thinking is one side and then hey
I don't really know anything really
what is um what is how old are you just
curious 23 okay well I'm just curious
like why the interest in getting into it
now
after the Royale I was on with rush I
felt like a lot of the topics I wasn't
able to give like a full opinion on
because I felt like I didn't know so I
wasn't comfortable giving my opinion on
it
and it made me seem dumb for not
understanding like I know I'm not like
stupid I was just not informed sure okay
I'm gonna treat this like you're being
serious okay I'm gonna do my best okay
[Music]
so I guess what we're I guess you I mean
you can start what do you want - what do
you want to start with this conversation
like the other day I someone they
started calling me things like I was
like dog whistling tell their people by
sharing memes that I didn't even know
had double meanings you understand um do
you understand the concept of a dog
whistle yeah I do not like after I saw
talked to me about it and I watch like
like a video on it yesterday and stuff
but I also feel like people assumed that
I knew what it was and they they didn't
give me the benefit of the doubt and I
feel like they don't they don't give the
benefit out to a lot of people because I
talked about it with my community and no
one knew about any of that stuff either
but like as soon as I started talking
about it like Hasan's chat just started
like it's like attacking me and like
harassing me almost funny like I'm not
see and like assuming that I knew
everything so is that how it is are
these people actually like that harsh on
like a political people or like like I
don't know anything about that like what
why are they so yeah so the problem is
that like um the ISO and okay I'm okay
so the problem with a lot of this stuff
is that people get basically like people
on the left get tricked into being ultra
uncharitable to people caught in the
crossfire so this is kind of like oh god
have you ever heard of the term crypto
fascism I mean I've heard of it people
call me at all the time it's yeah okay
this is this is an insanely complicated
topic but it'll make sense when I
finished doing this okay so if you're an
extremist on the right and your goal is
to push some idea one of the ways that
you try to do that is you push the idea
in a way that seems harmless and it
causes two really bad things to happen
okay one is that people will end up
spreading memes and they have
no idea what their actual intent are and
two people will attack those people for
spreading memes and they'll ascribe
mal-intent to that person even though
they didn't mean it and the whole goal
of like crypto fascism is to confuse the
[ __ ] out of everybody trying to have a
conversation so let's have like a real
world example of this I'm sure you've
heard the phrase it's okay to be white
right yeah yeah or white lives matter
even so black lives matter starts as a
protest and one way to counter protest
to protest the protests we could have a
we could have like a slogan like black
lives suck our black lives don't matter
but the only people that are going to
join that are gonna be pretty hateful
disgusting people right like you're not
you're never gonna go very far with that
movement but you could try a counter
protest and you could call it white
lives matter and then what that does is
it gets a ton of people caught up in the
middle that really don't understand
what's happening so for instance a
well-meaning person might see something
like white lives matter they go oh yeah
well I think all lives matter yeah
that's cool
so like I'm gonna take on like it's okay
to be white or white lives matter all
lives matter because that sounds fine
there's nothing wrong with that but then
somebody on the Left might see that
person and they might think that person
knows more than they do it look like oh
wait you're just trying to do that
because you're trying to muddy the
waters you're trying to get it so people
don't know what you're actually saying
and what it causes is it causes people
on the left to attack people in the
center who have no [ __ ] idea what the
[ __ ] is going on and and that kind of
like muddying of the waters is the whole
goal of creating like that type of mean
culture does that make sense yeah but if
these people are so like strongly like
pushing their own like ideas and like
wanting people to get more on their side
wouldn't they not approach people who
don't know anything with hate wouldn't
they want to like try to inform them so
that they could get on their side that
might be the way that like a lefty
person would think about it because
lefties are politically ineffective and
stupid but people on the right are much
more intelligent with the way that they
do political narratives so for instance
red pilling is red pilling it has to do
with something different
like related to that's related a totally
different [ __ ] but so like a
left-leaning person might think like hey
I need to convince somebody to come
fully on board with this idea and that's
gonna make the world a better place bah
bah bah bah bah bah people on the right
are way more politically effective what
they'll say is hey are you familiar the
concept called the Overton Window No so
the Overton Window is just kind of like
a broad sense of like where your
politics at in any given country right
so for instance in the United States
people would say the Overton Window is
very far to the right because even our
Democrats are the people on the Left are
pretty far to the right compared to
other people around the world so that's
the Overton Window so what people on the
right do is they look to make small
incremental games knowing that even
though they're not pushing towards their
end goal they're they're ok with that
because they're slowly moving everybody
over to the right so one way to do that
is with like these types of memes right
through humor you kind of normalize bad
attitudes and by getting people to
spread your memes and defend your memes
people then the left will attack them
causing those people to shift further
right right because if you don't know
what the [ __ ] is going on and you're
like oh all lives matter sounds fine and
then all of a sudden a ton of [ __ ]
lefties are attacking you is like wait
what the [ __ ] like well this is dumb as
[ __ ] I'm never gonna be left like these
people are [ __ ] crazy and it causes
everybody to move to the right a little
bit because people on the left are very
politically ineffective did that make
any sense there is that this is like
this is kind of why you'll see people on
the Left will like attack Bernie Sanders
because he's not left enough even though
historically like he's pretty [ __ ]
left for a political candidate but
people who are literal Nazis will
worship Donald Trump because like even
though Donald Trump probably isn't well
he's definitely not a Nazi and he's not
super racist he still moves everybody in
that direction so they understand his
usefulness people on the right are very
very very good at that they're very
politically effective okay and that was
pretty much all I came to talk about
I think chat just made it different sure
have you seen Jesus do you understand
why people don't like friend world okay
so that whole thing I found that
separate at least three days ago huh
the first like to pose well actually it
was a screenshot that I saw about on
tumblr cuz I still use tumblr because
it's kind of funny sometimes where it
was like a sad Pepe and they were saying
like I'm convinced that you guys aren't
really my friends and they were being
like positive so I thought it was just
like a dumb cute little like art art
Pepe the block subreddit
so I looked at it and I looked at like
the first like 5 posts which were it's
like Pepe like dressed up in pink and
one that was like going to sleep it was
it was just cute I don't know I think
much of it so I posted on Twitter
I was like good night friends because I
thought it was cute and then I talked to
us on and he liked one of his chat like
linked it to him and so that I like
support like Nazis and stuff because of
what friend world is supposed to mean
like if I scrolled like further down to
post like a week ago in two weeks ago
and so that's where it comes in where
they just automatically assumed I knew
and I that's where the whole dog was
like came to him but I I genuinely I had
no idea and I deleted the post because
of it because I didn't want like people
to think that of me but then they
started attacking me for still eating
the posts so there's no there's no
winning there you can understand like
maybe like the confusion though like if
you promoting friend world so I don't
know your history as much for like if
you're promoting friend world and you're
doing like Nutella blackface of stuff
that like people are gonna be pretty
skeptical of of your initial claims
right right well I get that but I also
don't think that's kind of fair to me
uh-huh because that picture is I was 14
and I had a face mask on and one of my
friends in my video call said that it
looked like you tell her okay nevermind
I don't care okay I didn't know yeah
oh no I when I asked your age initially
it's because I was trying to figure out
like how old you were if you were 14 I
don't know that's really dumb then okay
I don't know if that was a recent
picture or not it's from Facebook to I
don't know how people got it off of
Facebook and they're putting it they're
pairing it with chat logs from over US
a-- logs if you're I'm gonna count that
isn't me and and they're claiming that
that's why I'm racist because those
things much up and the chat leis are
also from three or four years ago and so
they're pitting me as not only not see
because of the friend world stuff but
also it makes sense of why they would
just automatically assume it because
they saw the other logs and they also do
them like I'm just a racist and I'm just
all around a ship person because of that
stuff and it's like what do I do in that
situation if I say I didn't know what
friend world was they're just gonna say
I'm lying yeah they do it because that's
kind of yeah the thing that makes it
hard to is because like what you're
saying is exactly like what a person
who's lying would say to which makes it
more complicated and and it requires a
lot of work to figure out like if
somebody's being genuine or not like to
be totally honest like right now I'm
still not 100% sure of you're being
genuine like it's really really really
hard to know but then on the internet
combine that with the fact that usually
people give like zero credit or zero
leeway to anybody like making a mistake
do anything ever so I mean it puts it
like contributes to pretty cancerous
community have you have you seen like do
you agree do you agree that like the
friend rule stuff now is like pretty bad
or do you think it's still kind of
understand like why they like appeal to
be that like positive community and like
wholesome [ __ ]
and they like slowly slighted like stuff
that is kind of good sure yeah so you've
seen like that like the cookie stuff and
whatnot you know what I'm talking about
like it's so weird I feel like all of
this like pause like politics stuff it's
like an entire different like
underground world it wait yeah
everything no and it really is and it's
actually like insanely frustrating and
like very [ __ ] confusing do you know
like like the clown emote the hunk thing
yeah yeah I had no idea yeah yeah that's
like a gift in my discord because we had
a thing where you know that meme on
Twitter or as like getting dressed to go
out and be rejected by like the fourth
guy this month and it's like something
putting on clown shoes or some [ __ ] like
people and my child would always say
that about me and like meme about it and
so I bought like a like the clown wig
and nose thing for when I'm acting like
an idiot when I like someone like calls
me out on making a mistake or if I like
died in game prematurely and later make
like make a joke that is it funny and I
put it on and they made an emote out of
it and like as fans one of my good
friends whenever someone would make a
joke he has a horn that he honks and so
I saw the the video when I googled it
because I was looking at a hunk like mp4
sound but when you type in honk honk
like that's the first video that comes
up is like the pep I mean with the
outfit and so so we called it honk and
then like I didn't watch the video I was
listening to for the music and I like
put it on my stream
and after lower you the stream and after
Hossam like said that that's basically
the same thing as friend world like I
get the symbolism now and I understand
like the video uh-huh but again with my
first point I felt like people just take
everything like so out of context and
assume the worst granted yeah they're
doing it because of the past it's easy
to but like how do you come back from
that to like people are gonna believe
you just say you didn't know right yeah
I guess if I called on I'm said give me
one second
[Music]
i-i think that like for stuff like that
i think it's just a matter of time like
you just have to basically renounce it
and then kind of like move forward yeah
I'm trying to but then they say the same
thing because I deleted it yeah well I
mean you just have like a prepared
response like I deleted it because I'm I
understand what I did at the time and
I'm ready to move on from it like there
are people that are always going to
there are people that are always gonna
hold that against you right like I got
attacked by left-leaning communities
relentlessly for like being a pedophile
and [ __ ] it's like really [ __ ] stupid
but I mean that's just kind of the
reality of like online discourse like
there's no escaping that right yeah like
it doesn't make me want to lead anyway
it just makes me not wanna get involved
in politics at all makes me not want to
learn anything yeah I wish I understand
which is this is really harsh again is
like kind of the goal weight so like so
for the for the logs for the
do you want me to show you yeah [ __ ]
wait so like on the over Russell logs is
this person not you I don't think so I
mean granted I do have memory loss from
like taking any depressants but I he I
like I know who I am and I know who I am
like without the internet image - right
and I I wouldn't say that
so if I were to go back and look I mean
I also had a different name in 2016
mm-hmm
it wasn't am adorable it was Emmy at
that point because of the image that I'm
adorable had so I changed my name
because I didn't want to be like control
anymore
sure [ __ ] okay how long I'm so much wait
okay so like I'm pretty sure like the m
adorable account like I'm pretty sure
this is your account right yeah I have
an M adorable account yeah but is that
like the account though yeah this one
I'm pretty sure this one is right so
like um like I've done edgy memes I'm
not trying to like crucify you for the
stuff you've done in the past forever
right but like you Blake's family onward
a couple times and whatnot right I don't
remember I genuinely don't remember but
if I did like I would want to apologize
for it like the like it's hard but I'm
just saying like this is kind of like
these little things regardless what you
believe now and I mean I've gotten it I
know I wish I could remember me
specifically like thinking in my mind
that that was a good thing to do and
like remember like typing it in so that
I could hmm like look back on the action
and say that was stupid and I apologize
for it sure does that ever happen to you
or is that no it does I wanna clean
enough it's like yeah it's happened to
me quite a bit her if she remembers
talking to bombed in Pepe cuz again
like I don't see how can't remember
meanwhile we anything like that and also
how is that a lot on Trish
oh my allowed back on rich I said that
well don't you have like 20 bands which
accounts are summer shed no this is my
only account I've been banned on it
several times but oh wait who did you
change your name from Emma adorable on
to it oh I got you okay I'm okay I'm
coming back to I'm gonna assume that
everything you're saying is true it in
good faith I mean like the best way to
move on from stuff like this is like
there are certain groups of people
online the types of people that are
going to attack you for stuff like this
are literally never going to stop like
people on the left are like probably the
most vindictive people on the internet
and there's there's probably no way that
you're ever going to get away from that
so I mean it's kind of up to you on how
you want to like respond to react to
that I mean like the best thing that you
can do is like move forward and I mean
don't do it anymore
but I mean like that's literally the
only thing you can do yeah
so hmm give me a second okay yeah no
that's fine cuz at first because I can't
remember myself segment I thought it was
first of all I thought it was someone
else that was a different account right
and then I assumed it was just it's a
case sensitive account like it's someone
it's it's someone's got the capital I
how do you check for that - well I so I
so I know these are your account because
I do because the little place of this
pulls logs from I can check IPS to see
who at the actual account belongs to so
like I'm 107 positive like these
accounts are yeah when if you tell like
a story and then like it ends up not
being true though it ends up like
whether it's because you forgot
something or whatever like it ends up
like damaging all your other credibility
right like people are gonna think you're
lying about literally everything yeah
yeah I mean I would say like the I'd say
like the way forward is firstly I would
never get involved in internet politics
because it's literal [ __ ] cancer and
there's like so much ground work you
have to do to even be able to have like
a single conversation I mean unless it's
like what you want to get involved in
which I don't know why anybody would but
if you want to I mean you could but I
like the only way that you can move
forward is to like basically disavow
[ __ ] up as like oh hey I was edgy I did
dump SH in the past like that's why
about I'm sorry and then move forward
and like not do it anymore
and then that's kind of like all you can
do there's no way to like convince
people otherwise because like I said
like I still get attacked by people on
the left for like my edgy past and so
it's like there's there's like there's
nothing you can do about it I don't
think it's just something I have to move
forward like I was a something so sorry
for myself what do you mean by that
like I'm so worked up over people
disliking me because of one or two
instances with like like people will
like me for people will not like me for
all their things that they read on the
internet things that are not sure you
are things that I can give proof of
being like not true just rumors or
whatever but like actual things I did
wrong I feel like don't add up to the
amount of hate right yeah but I mean
like Internet community look at well I
know no I mean I look at other people
who like do things that are actually
against the law or people who have rough
past to look I don't know why I feel so
sorry for myself too I mean like this is
just this I mean you've been on the
internet for a fair amount of time this
is something that you just have to I
don't say like get over like in a
negative way but like you have to figure
out a way to like deal with this right
because it's like it's always gonna
happen especially as a streamer right
yeah just sex when I'm like trying to
make friends and [ __ ] or move past
things and people don't let me based on
you know chat logs from 2016 or thing I
did when I was 14 it's like it's
impossible I can't make friends I can't
like have a conversation with you
without someone saying that I'm fishing
or lying or just victim Andy or
crocodile tears or trying to cry to make
people feel bad for me or like I can't
like show up on another person's stream
I can't like talk to my friends my chat
without someone just spamming me and
saying that I'm racist or people get
nervous and don't hang out with me
because they hate messages and they're
like why are you giving a crypto-fascist
a platform why are you friends with
these people like oh yeah I mean oh yeah
I mean that's how you can do that it
sucks there's nothing there's like
nothing you can do against like the mob
mentality [ __ ]
I mean like you can be like more vocal
about it and say like I understand I did
it what what I did was wrong but LA but
they're gonna be people that are always
convinced that you're lying and there's
yeah there's just nothing you can do
about that
yeah I don't know I like the it sucks
but there's like there's no other answer
I don't think
you should be like I would seem like the
majority of the twitch community is too
like pretty far away from like this like
heavy like crypto-fascist political
memory stuff like I feel like you should
be able to like make inroads with people
that I don't know about this world of
politics right yeah I guess so
it's just like like the chats like live
surveillance mainly reddit post
yeah I mean I mean it'll pry it's
probably like peaking right now but I
imagine it'll probably get better and
like a few in it like a month it'll be
less and then in six months it'll be
less something in a year it'll be less
like yeah I just think there's just some
people that there's nobody against and
people will say that it's just generous
of me or shady that I don't answer them
but it feels like I'm defending myself
against like people who don't understand
that
like I've how long I've been on the
Internet and how long that I've been
like painted out of the spotlight for
dumb [ __ ] how I basically grew up like
learn changing and stuff they don't
believe that never gonna believe it
believe way but you literally grew up in
what the Internet oh yeah like
constantly like making stuff and having
a my own leadership and stuff
I mean as of my entire life and those
being the big mistakes that I made and
those being like the ones that were
aired in public and stuff like it feels
kind of useless to try and defend myself
against those people who are never gonna
listen to me or just discredit
everything I say because of things they
read on the Internet right yeah yeah I
mean yeah I mean I understand the
frustration I mean yeah I guess I think
it's really rough you kind of just have
to make the decision to like step
forward I mean there's no easy way
through like Internet Moms there's like
there's not I can't lose I can't say any
like shortcut or any like easy way to
deal with it or to get people to not
believe a certain thing it's just I mean
like I said I can't even do it with
myself so and that's what like a whole
body of like lefty sjw progressive work
it still it doesn't even work for me so
really done but can you explain
something to me what's JW cuz everyone
always says that and they're just like
they just say that people are that but
they never tell me like what the [ __ ] it
reads I'd never bothered to look it up
so like s JW is like people I do you
know what progressive means yes okay so
people that have like progressive social
positions are people ask her if she
knows the difference between the people
on the right call them sjw's like social
justice warrior where the meme is like
oh well if you're fighting for social
justice you're just like Richie
signalling justice social justice
warrior and you don't actually care
about the issues or your to like adamant
about it or you're trying but if there's
a whole bunch of other like dumb baggage
that goes along depending on who you
talk to but basically sjw so it's a way
to like make fun of people on the left I
guess that have a certain Republican
positions like you don't really like
they don't really like have like those
people don't really have an argument
they just kind of just throw that word
OS JW yeah of course people do it on
both sides yeah
that's the Internet discourses
in cancer how when did you start
streaming again again like recently yeah
like they weren't you didn't you scream
a little bit in the past then you yeah I
had a bad man I just got over in January
will you be happy for a year like what I
said wait no no no I'm not gonna say I'm
not gonna say obviously I'll make like a
I'll change the words okay I'll make an
example my friend was getting a lot of
subs and I started like a sub trade and
I was like if this guy gets a thousand
subs I'll do a backflip and then we
started seeing this meme where I mean ah
[ __ ] how can I say this I'll just save
it to you yeah sure Oh gotcha
you got a near ban for that yeah it was
taken completely out of context like
after that I kind of realized that it
can be taken as something else and I it
was like a chat I was just kidding like
just kidding yeah I'm sorry if anyone
actually subs for that reason it was
just joke but no it wasn't enough there
was a staff in the chat and I got banned
for a year and like during the ear like
people posted on Reddit and said things
that aren't true they just said they
said ugly
you see oh sure yeah what um what were
your other bands for him the first ever
ban I had was from Lee she was [ __ ]
on Bob three years ago in chat when she
doesn't know what I asked Jay and I
don't know if Britney was banned on the
platform at the time but they're both a
Metascore call and leafy said okay can
you see this on stream I probably
wouldn't do to be safe okay well he said
that and I got and for a year that was
my first ever ban was been for a year
and it they said it was banned oh no you
got banned for a year from that yeah I
got paid for harassment because I had a
after that I think this was only time
ago this is like four five years ago
maybe four and a half before where it
was been for harassment because a girl
was flaming me in my leta and I went
into her stream they did it back
conscient yeah my fault
after that I like messaged her on
Twitter and I try to talk to her and I
apologize and it was this be the moment
thing it's stupid with me um I have been
for streaming while driving because this
is when the IRL streaming just got
announced don't like it just got added
to the platform and when we were at a
stoplight and I went to fix my camera
the light turned green I had my phone in
my hand while we were
still driving because I define a spot to
pull over thanks inside my phone in my
hand while I was driving they took that
astronaut driving gosh I got banned from
that I got banned for yeah I gotcha yeah
they started doing that yeah cuz they
started doing it and I got I got got
yeah so that was another one I think
that one was six months all right how do
you keep getting unbanned who won pans
you so many times dude okay so this is
there's the thing if my bands were
really as bad as people are saying they
were where why what why why would I be
unbanned right how could i get unbanned
so many times I I was talking to someone
I also don't know if I can say this on
stream this is what I wanted to talk to
you up straight I was talking to someone
like that and they said
mmm
wait I'm curious
hold on okay interesting
mm-hmm so that's why I can't get
partnered yeah I understand it's there's
usually like some period like a year or
whatever depending on who you talk to
but yeah apparently I still have some
from the leafy thing and stuff that
doesn't have the proof and whatever sure
it's sex but I mean I don't like I do
but I can just not excuse me not good it
strikes the ligature yeah pretty much as
how you can say yeah but I don't plan on
it I feel like I'm really self-aware now
uh-huh I'm very cautious the reason why
it was so different for me in the past
um it's because I didn't really care
about online stuff I kind of just
assumed was that like we're just gonna
wait yeah no no no no if at any point
the online
sorry Oh what is wrong with me why do I
cry somehow some people that's good
did I forget that so much sucks I wish I
could just be like have a normal
conversation I just kind of assumed that
if it got too much if it got like out of
twitch to handle because at the time
like that's like two twitches my like
side thing and I didn't really care
about my image I didn't really care
about Twitter I didn't care about the
people I pissed off or people I used or
how they felt where do you think because
I was just using as a joke I was just
like some edgy little idubbbz fan right
I didn't really care about twitch or
Twitter or anything I I made the video
so then I logged off when I was pretty
much it and but over time I started like
caring more and making it like a career
and stuff like my view is completely
different and I kind of get no I I mean
I I understand why it's it was so bad to
do that in the past and those people
that I [ __ ] over and hurt like I I
tried my best woods to reach out and
apologize and all that stuff it's just I
think the internet thinks I owed them an
apology too for making them read that
stuff even though they weren't involved
you know since the pub the apologies
weren't public if he said I'd never did
it at all apparently but like I said
before at the time I didn't care I
didn't care about my own lineage but no
I'm so self-aware and I'm like that's
why I think I cry so much cuz I'm so
nervous making her cry [ __ ] w do you
wanna do you want to I don't know if you
want to do this do you want to go over
like just see like a blot of be able
thing a lot of like random [ __ ] [ __ ]
have you heard of like so someone is
saying you moved in with two girls in
California didn't pay rent stole their
clothes and then their iPhone
and then you left them okay oh my god
the generalization about that the two
girls I don't know if I can name them
because obviously they're not in they're
not in all of this drama anymore and I
don't want to pull them again
they offered me a place to say they said
I didn't have to pay rent
I offered multiple times and since I
couldn't they weren't letting me pay
they're saying it's fine it's on us
that's whatever just do what you need to
do and stream because I was doing stream
me at the time and I was making like 500
a week for ten hours to get there so I
could take off oh well so they're like
just do your thing and then that's
pretty much it and it wasn't uncommon
for them to do that they they always had
people at their house and they're always
helping people they were very generous
so instead of doing that I paper at
groceries I did they're like electric
bill because I was using they're like
check their water bill cuz I was
showering anytime they needed to go out
I offered you know to pay her food stuff
like that mm-hmm
never once did they say that I could you
know cut in part of the rent I think
that was because they didn't want me to
think that I had an obligation to stay
there
you know they right like you kind of
like you cause that argument well I I
get to live here now or something like
that were I you can't kick the person
out as easily right um come to the part
where I started feeling used because
then I started expecting me to pay for
things and the thing with the phone I
just explained this on stream earlier
today cuz someone Oh sick the girl had a
phone on her dad's phone plan and she
wanted to take her phone off the phone
plan because her father kept threatening
to shut her phone off and stuff like
that something about how like her dad
was like making it up to some pass stuff
by helping her and paying for it so I
ever did part phone on my plan and
before I did that we did a thing where
you could do two phones for one deal
where you put them both on the same plan
and you only have to pay for the
the phone service you don't have to pay
for the the phone itself like you know
I'm saying like the device itself you
don't have to pay for the second device
yeah sure yeah
and so after we did that we took both of
the phones off her dad's plan and I put
them on my plan and I paid for her phone
bill the entire time that I lived there
her camera phone like at the end of the
month I paid for both of us and it was
like that for like two months I decided
we started fighting a lot so I moved out
and I took her phone off the plan which
basically shut her phone off and she
blamed me for that said that I was rid
of me but I'm not gonna pay for your
phone I don't we're not friends anymore
right gotcha
and since I took the extra phone with me
which was basically my phone because it
was two phones I've always paid for that
phone it was always mine people are
saying now she went on and said these
things like I never paid rent and I took
I took one of the phones and it's like
you never said I didn't have to pay rent
I paid for everything else and the phone
was mine from the beginning I paid for
all of those things after that like
first came out this was three or four
years ago as well after that first came
out I went to Twitter and I posted all
the receipts from Verizon all the times
I ever paid for the phone the fact that
the phones are in my name
I showed both of the phones like all of
the bills I've ever paid in my name like
I proved everything and I guess that
since it's still on the internet from
when it happened people still think that
it's my fault Scotch I'm like I I will
own up to hurting other people but that
hold everything was nothing okay I don't
see any I don't I don't see the problem
with that one all right here we go
another screenshot from chat the trial
of MEA there we go what do you guys see
oh my god okay so that's my ex he worked
for Milo mm-hmm it was a Breitbart
editor yet
again I don't remember typing that and I
don't also don't remember tweeting
pictures him I probably did shoot a
picture of him but I anything that I
would have said I didn't take I don't
think I meant it in a harsh way it could
have been something he said I also
wasn't really into politics ever I
didn't have any harsh beliefs or
anything like that everything that I
ever said online or every thought was
purely based on what he would tell me
imagine this being a vegan discussion
beliefs but I've also haven't seen a
straight shot since so I want to
apologize for things that I said that
could hurt someone but I don't want to
do it on your stream because I don't I'm
not apologizing to you right apology to
those people yeah I understand so I feel
like it would be this this genuis yes if
I were to do that just because I'm like
on the street okay um do anything else
gonna bring up or do you think we're
good for now no I just wanted to talk
about like my original point but as I
don't want to make your shame like all
about me anymore no it's fine what was
the UM talk about on my stream like I
don't wanna know let's find it why at
the very least my people like listening
to this show that's whatever what for
the original film in Ocoee sure for the
for the original stuff what um did we
cover most of that groan
yeah I think so okay all right um yeah
[ __ ] I don't know this a good like
really really really hard to get this
stuff like off of you or maybe even
impossible but um I mean you just kind
of have to keep moving forward and then
not doing what you did before anymore I
mean that's really all you can do right
yeah sure mm-hmm so basically tell de
REI said don't get into politics I mean
unless you're like really ready to jump
into it yeah I wouldn't because it's
insanely like the conversations are so
convoluted online now it's like it's
even for people like even people you
know like who Cochran says hmm have you
ever heard of there's like they're even
there are people that are like super
involved in it that will admit as much
that will say like yeah this is like
incredibly [ __ ] complicated and it's
like really difficult to figure out like
a lot of this [ __ ] that's going on so no
okay all right well I'll keep in touch
I'm just gonna write thanks yeah call me
after Scoob - yeah surely - do something
do you actually believe she wasn't lying
um I mean there's always a possibility
but I mean like what would it what like
what's the goal what's the purpose of
assuming she's lying no like if she does
more like weird crypto-fascist [ __ ] in
the future then I call her out on it but
I mean if she doesn't like there's not
really much to gain from like holding
somebody to screenshots from like like
years ago
her boyfriend worked for Milan she grew
up the Internet she doesn't know what an
sjw is I mean like this does happen
right like people do date political
people that have no [ __ ] idea like
about [ __ ] related to politics like I
mean like you could probably ask [ __ ] I
mean I was [ __ ] I had a kid with
Rachel she probably doesn't know how the
political [ __ ] I talked about my [ __ ]
Normie friends know what sjw's are
that's because you probably don't have
Normie friends and you probably don't
even know what a Normie is - you a
Normie friend is probably somebody that
like [ __ ] is probably somebody that
like plays console instead of PC right
like I am like 99% certain but if I were
to go and ask Rachel or any of her
friends who's
actually ignore me you know what an sjw
is the but I have no [ __ ] idea the
[ __ ] is an sjw that like you're so
embedded in like online culture and
community you can't even fathom that
there exists a world they that have that
where people have no [ __ ] idea like
what an sjw is my college roommates who
don't play games know what an excuse
your college roommates at Ohio State
University like again like come on like
what do you mean like you're selecting
for like the the probably the most like
the highest echelon of society osu is
not the highest my name is osu is a
decent school isn't it a public state
school oh so always he was [ __ ] so
mister mouton the same guy that cried
that I defended when people in chat when
people Charlie OS who's a should school
of [ __ ] new me you're like what do
you mean Oh is he was a good school now
you're gonna tell me it's a [ __ ] school
to win an argument okay dude OSU is a
decent [ __ ] school chill calm down
OSU is complete dog [ __ ] okay alright
well I'll remember that the next time
you cry about somebody [ __ ] on your
[ __ ] the next time somebody shits on
you for your [ __ ] psych degree it's
not upper echelon upper echelon of
society the I don't think the average
person in society is going to like
[ __ ] like like OSU like by your
definition a twenty something extremely
online person is in the upper echelon
Society in terms of like being
politically aware probably yeah what's
up okay I have some some actual serious
questions for you yes really
do you actually buy into my amnesia
stuff to some extent yeah I mean like I
don't know if she is [ __ ] I like SSRI
amnesia but like if you were to start
pulling up logs of like random [ __ ] that
I've typed in chat rooms like years ago
it's entirely possible that I won't
[ __ ] remember like I like half the
[ __ ] I've said lately get that by the
way there's a but there's a gigantic
difference between someone like yourself
who has openly said and admitted that
that they have done terrible things or
said terrible things and is repenting
for them even to this day so that is
that is completely different it's
completely different than someone who's
like oh yeah I don't remember any of the
racist things that I said in the past
and also all of these other examples
like dating a mile away innopolis writer
taking a photo of that mile away
appleís writer as as late as like last
year or two years ago and then saying
that it you know get rekt illegals or
whatever i'm mattre states somebody
doesn't mean you have to be like a
politically aware person half the people
have dated probably won't know 95% of
the [ __ ] that I talk about I don't
Teressa knows that much about politics I
know that my the Japanese girl I dated
probably doesn't know that much about
politics like I know Rachel sure as [ __ ]
doesn't know [ __ ] all about like just
this idea that like just because you
date somebody now you're like super
politically aware is totally fantastical
it's not true okay except do did any of
those examples of those people would any
of them engage in the same kind of memes
as frequently as this person that we're
talking about because I gave I gave a
this is really disappointing to me
because what you're doing is the exact
goal of the people that start these
memes like you're literally you are the
end result of like crypto fascism you
realize that right like what everyone in
chat is doing right now is the entire
goal of the people that start to spread
these memes like I'm not gonna sit here
and tell you 100 percent that oh no
she's definitely understand genuine
she's not trolling there is a chance
that she's trolling but I mean in terms
of like her story matching up with
everything else so far I mean it works
for the most part like it kind of does
but this idea that you like relentlessly
[ __ ] [ __ ] on also hilarious that this
is what you go in on while defending the
[ __ ] tarot card reader but the entire
idea that you would like relentlessly
[ __ ] on somebody let's engage in like
dumb [ __ ] meme culture for a while
because they don't know what the [ __ ] it
means is literally exactly the point of
things like all lives matter let you
understand that right yes that which is
precisely why like I said I gave her the
benefit of the doubt while I was
originally having a conversation with
her but after seeing her reaction I feel
a little I feel a little bit like I was
what is the reaction that you see that
feel makes you feel dated because
there's a difference between someone
who's like yeah now that you've
described to me what friend world is
multiple times across multiple different
platforms now that you've described to
me purposely I mean what crypto fascism
is I actually feel as though that was
bad I can understand why it would look
bad given my recent history instead of
denying every single thing but that's
literally what she just let me finish if
she said these are all the things that
has happened
I'm really sorry for them I now
understand that those things were
actually racist and I'm trying to do
better and I'm
learn I would be a thousand percent more
open-minded as I defend you every single
day I literally [ __ ] emailed the
BuzzFeed writer who only gave you a
byline of Destiny got banned from
Twitter for saying hate speech like I
literally III that's entirely different
than saying oh yeah I don't remember any
of this stuff so yeah I get it it wasn't
me it wasn't me then she says she
doesn't remember any of it so like so
like so here there are two stories okay
I'm a big fan of Occam's razor it's not
always true but there are two stories
one in one world she engaged in [ __ ]
memory online which is the stated goal a
crypto-fascist which both of us here
understand okay
so like one is the stated goal is we
make means to obfuscate what we're
really talking about to suck normies
into this to get her to do it and she
fell into that and she did it like an
idiot like what like somebody that
doesn't know what the [ __ ] is going on
and then that's what she did and now
that she's gotten caught on it and now
that she's like oh [ __ ] this is horrible
you know like she's trying to either
walk it back or in some case she doesn't
acknowledge it because she's foreign
there's that world or in the other world
she is a mastermind absolute like
crypto-fascist god that comes on and is
capable of tricking all of these people
crying in and making up all of these
stories and and it just so happens that
we accidentally linked pictures of her
when she was [ __ ] 14 to try to show
she was racism and all of this I was
like come on like what's more likely
like I feel like the people that I'm
talking to right now and I understand
that I don't think she's a
crypto-fascist [ __ ] god dawg I'm just
saying you need to look like I said if
she didn't have if she didn't have such
glaring holes like what is the glaring
holes like I mean she she literally lied
about about saying those things she and
then when she was pushed further with
the IP thing she was like oh yeah well I
might have said those things but it was
up in amnesia and in these these
instances go back all the way to last
year so obviously what is the instance
from last year openly not her openly not
admitting these things and apologizing
for them shows me that she's not
interested in redemption but more so
just interested in maybe some clout and
that she's not interested in actually
changing her mind now
see I don't want to I'm not the person
who wanted the [ __ ] immediately
cancel her I literally yelled at my
community and even members of your
community who called me a [ __ ] idiot
for not immediately calling her a Nazi
so for you to turn around and and get
triggered this way as though I'm like
saying some insane [ __ ] is is crazy to
me okay how you not agree with like I'm
like the same like where this discourse
is like well no no like where the
discourse is like right now like neither
of us are budging I am 100% confident I
would bet my life in the life of my
child on it that if I were to bring my
mom on here without introducing you to
who she was and I would have a 30-minute
conversation every single [ __ ] crazy
[ __ ] progressive lefty in my chat
would be 100% convinced that my mom is
all right they would know it 100% they
would because she does she does every
dog whistle she shares every [ __ ]
meme you can go into her [ __ ] Twitter
right now and it would be
indistinguishable from somebody on the
but I know that she's she I'm not I
think she's alright way my mom is a what
isn't your mom raises no I just
I've explicitly said that she's not
she'll be nice to every black person she
tells you to love every person you see
she's [ __ ] Hispanic she talks to Finn
Spanish all the [ __ ] kids bah-bah-bah
but her policy positions are
indistinguishable from racist people
right this is the goal this is why
people on the right are so [ __ ]
politically effective because while you
guys on the left are [ __ ] crucifying
me because I'm not a four-month [ __ ]
socialist people on the right will
gladly hop on board with people like my
mom who have no [ __ ] idea what
they're doing and spreading their same
type of political messaging like these
are literally stated I feel like a crazy
person right now these are literally
stated goals we've all read these
[ __ ] reddit posts for how people on
the right will get other people to
champion their positions unintentionally
and now we're gonna say pretend like it
doesn't happen like all of these people
must be racist bad faith Nazi [ __ ]
acrylates that destiny I'm not even
saying that she's on the same wavelength
as like okay why not give her the
benefit of the Tibet because you're
making it sound like she's like
literally lying and obfuscate everything
she does why not just give her the
benefit of that say oh yes she probably
did a bunch of dumb [ __ ] magician
apologize and she didn't even admit to
wrongdoing was she she said she doesn't
actually redeeming herself when she's in
playing the victim
literally the reason why I was nice to
her originally and tried to get her
unlike her full perspective was to under
was exactly for this reason I was like I
want to give her the benefit of the
doubt and I want to understand if she
came out of the gates and said I'm
really sorry I said these things and
there are a lot of things that are
untrue about me on the internet like but
I think even when she went even even
when she went far enough to like delete
[ __ ] like you make now people like oh
well she's just trying to hide it like
you realize that people in this position
there's like nothing you can do right
like what no there are things that you
can do in this position I've said dump
[ __ ] in the past you've said dumb [ __ ]
in the past we have apologized for it
and our current behavior obviously is
indicative of the fact that we have
redeemed ourselves or we have understood
the faults of our previous actions that
is my main point here if she had turned
around and said I'm sorry I would have
been like yeah that's fine that that's
understandable and I would have loved to
go in further and explain to her maybe
why like what the damaging elements of
her positions were am I being crazy for
this I feel like I feel like if if
anyone else had done this I don't know I
feel like you wouldn't have given any
ground on it except I do all the [ __ ]
time I know that you guys are
indistinguishable from differentiating
your own [ __ ] [ __ ] positions from
when I blink but even when it came even
even even when it came to Irish ladee
you can go back to the vod's and I'll
give $1000 every person's right even
when it came to Irish Lettie I literally
said like the next day that I don't give
a [ __ ] if Irish Landy does online
content I don't care if it comes back to
my community like I'm fine with that I
just wanted to realize what he did was
wrong and like in a couple months or
whatever I probably unban imme could
come back no I'm not the same type of
insanely [ __ ] vindictive person that
like everybody on your side of the
Internet is I don't do that I never
engage in that I never have any never
will if I was that person don't you
think that I would have attacked her
immediately
I don't give a [ __ ] about screenshots or
logs and her from [ __ ] three two or
three years ago about [ __ ] she said if
she comes on now and she wants me like
oh well [ __ ] you no this is dumb [ __ ]
and I'm done with it like if they're
done with it then put it in the past and
[ __ ] move on why continue to put so
okay let's talk about that then what out
of her statements what made you feel
like she felt like what she had said in
the past was bad it's pretty reasonable
it said those things I mean I yeah I
feel like she pretty much said that like
she was I don't remember specifically
which parts but yeah it sounded like she
said she was sorry that she did it she
didn't want to
everybody on my [ __ ] stream here okay
oh my god this is a [ __ ] mistake by
the way crying is crying is one thing
and and it definitely is affective I
mean it worked on me as well there are
people that do that like you've gotten
outed or you could be crying because you
feel threatened or there are people that
just cry a lot when they talk no I know
I'm just talking to like members in your
community right now who are like she
cried which means she apologized like
she did that doesn't mean she's
apologetic I don't think she actually I
don't think she actually said here are
the things I said it was [ __ ] up and I
understand and I'm trying to do better
and I'm trying to move beyond that okay
good luck that's all I'm looking for and
I think that an abdication of
responsibility and indicative she is not
interested in changing her behavior
that's not true I think it's actually
kind of responsible with me to take my
actions into my own hands and not just
apologize because I'm being oppressed on
streem I'm not gonna sit here and
apologize just because people are
attacking me and make it seem
disingenuous because who am i
apologizing to keep who are you think
poorly of me people who aren't gonna
take my like my genuine apology I'm
gonna first about multiple times
I'm gonna go people that might have been
braces because you can graduate you
wheat by the way this is a good
conversation to have let me finish after
all of us settled after things we're
gonna lay a little bit I was going to
either want to go live and explain to my
community first that stuff happened in
the past that I want to apologize for
because I don't want people to see me as
that anymore and I don't want to
advocate for that stuff anymore and I
don't want to represent that stuff then
I was gonna talk about on Twitter I'm
not gonna I wasn't gonna make Destiny's
stream all about me I'm not gonna use
Denny's platform as a way for me to
apologize because you know you know how
it is in genuine step that is why should
I wait until this exact moment to
apologize for this thing just cuz I'm
impressed on it about it I mean the
light talking about it multiple times
you talked about it on my platform as
well you talked about it with
instead of instead of admitting that
those are the things that you said you
tried to lie about and you try to hide
the truth you try to lie and say that
those weren't your statements and then
when you got called out on those lies
you continued by saying oh I must have
had no because antidepressants do give
you memory loss it's not amnesia okay
memory loss all right like like I said
before I don't think I can I I don't
think I can't imagine myself saying
those things it's not me saying like I
never said that never said that I never
I never said that like I I could say
right now that I never said that like I
didn't come out so strong Willie and say
like I would never say that I'm not that
kind of person bubble like I said that I
don't think I can see myself saying that
if he presses me and says like no you
actually are you actually did say that
that's different okay do you do you want
to intervene here destiny or are you
good on go here well get him it's not a
go get him situation I already I already
mentioned my point I don't need to like
reiterate it over and over again there's
like literally no reason to she doesn't
think that she had she doesn't feel the
need to say that okay so wait amia do
you think you did wrong stuff do you
think that you've done something okay do
you think it posting up friend world is
bad that it's like a neo-nazi place you
probably shouldn't promote it
I don't promote it I'd never posted on
there I posted two memes from that onto
my Twitter a lot of people don't even
know what friend world was my community
had no [ __ ] idea okay after he told
me what it was and what is he saying
that your stream is like a safe space
for for people like that I don't know if
you're aware of this and I'm not holding
you responsible for it but like
understand that like other people do
know on your stream that that is
literally a safe space for people like
that and people that have those sort of
opinions how what am I supposed to do
about that I had no idea about that any
of us [ __ ] two weeks all the has done
is my supposed to like scope the
internet for people saying those things
no I don't promote I'm just saying like
don't act like you're you're innocent of
this I'm trying to tell you innocent if
you admit if you admit to this stuff if
you admit to this stuff and I'm not
like other leftists or I don't and estin
II certainly is not like other leftist
but if you admit to do or to your
wrongdoing in the past and then say look
I understand now after talking to a
bunch of these people that crypto
fascism works in this nefarious way and
partnered up with my or paired up with
my obviously awful past so the things
that I've done and the things that I
feel exactly what you're saying I said I
can see how those things tie in I could
see how people think that like the
opposite I literally said all of the
things that you're saying okay it just
seemed a little strange to me that you
would seem strange to me that you did
not admit to any of those things a
minute ago with destiny when you were
having that conversation I mean I felt
like you more or less did though that's
what I felt like she more or less did
what do you mean more or less
am I being [ __ ] gas lit by ever no
loads I feel like when I brought up like
the friend world [ __ ] she acknowledged
earlier like oh yeah that's like I see
how that's like some Nazi tear [ __ ] I
feel like she literally said that
earlier am I crazy no she said that but
I'm talking about like why it would look
bad in with 50% of the conversation
surrounding literally talk about that
too I'm like you see when people have
like the n-word in your logs etc cetera
why people would think that like you
know maybe you're like Grif Tigran ever
like we literally have this conversation
and we said yeah there's nothing you can
do about it because the past exists I
can't there's nothing you know okay but
you but you didn't admit to the past
existing until you were pushed on it and
you continue consistently did not now
you are which is great and I'm glad and
I hope you are actually sorry in the
conversation any of the first thing you
said was Who am I supposed to apologize
to which is indicative that you are
don't understand what the impact of your
wrongdoing is at this point but III mean
I don't know what we were supposed to
even talk about more I wasn't asking in
general Who am I suppose quadros I was
asking you who do you think I should
apologize do okay so that was a question
it wasn't like a it wasn't like a
defense no cuz I already know how I have
to do too but I want to so you had to
say
what you think there's no reason for us
to further this conversation and I told
you exactly what I was going to do at
first I was gonna apologize to the
community people who actually support me
not people who are against me for
everything that I do so that they know
and then second I was gonna go to the
public with it I'm not gonna do it on
destiny stream I mean I'm sure you're
reading a shot like they're already all
against me there's nothing I could say
that could possibly get them to stop
there are not against you because of
things you might have said in the past
they're against you for not admitting
those things and and and those things
that you've said admitting to those
things and and claiming that you had
short term memory loss because of SSRIs
all of those numerous instances where
you said the n-word all these other
times yes wait how many knew wait hold
on I'm really curious because I've seen
the chat logs the one time yeah I mean
there's like an at-at leafyishere where
you call him the n-word you're you're
taking an account called dicks out for
Harambee and you think that's me just
cuz it's the same what are you talking
about also way like this Twitter that
link the Twitter screenshot let's see it
link the twitter screenshot boys I would
also like to see it if someone can link
it to me oh yeah the the Twitter account
is dicks out for Harambee stop [ __ ]
me
okay so you remember all right never
mind well obviously because that's a
common thing that people try to say that
I do I haven't heard of the over Russell
logs and I've also had people tell me
that I literally back in the Starcraft 2
days that I said the N word constantly
I've had people I've had so many people
tell that to me I even put a thousand
dollar challenge out to see if somebody
could link a single thing but people
even regardles that people still say
that I said the N word a ton back in my
smoker a few days and I never did or are
like I did one time in a game as a joke
to hug because or got banned for it but
people still say that about me oh that
actually that Twitter account still
exists starting to feel like an internet
hate mob a little bit in here whoof I
don't know dude there's always by the
way there's always going to be fake [ __ ]
I completely understand that like it's
like we have a Lisa we've got an amateur
album I said even in my statement I said
paired up with a lot of the [ __ ]
insel rage when we were talking earlier
before Emma even joined the call paired
up with a lot of the Insull rage there's
going to be some truthful things that
she has done and then some things that
she hasn't done and and together it's
going to make it look [ __ ] terrible
but openly admitting the things that you
have done that are bad and saying like I
am trying to get better is entirely
different than just straight up saying
oh I selectively don't remember these
parts but I selectively remember these
parts as like new information keeps
coming out okay I'm pretty sure okay so
here's the question I'm pretty sure like
it with more new information that comes
out though you you keep saying like oh
well you know that was a time I didn't
remember either or this was a time I
didn't remember either and it just seems
like it just seems disingenuous so you
think that it just it's just like a feel
like excuse but I genuinely don't
remember some things things that I've
you know tried to push out of my brain
because of like toxic situations or
stuff that I just don't remember based
on how long ago they were or like things
that have happened after that that
overtake it like you don't you don't
think that that I ever exists ever
that's just not a thing
I think that people can absolutely be
socially conditioned into thinking awful
things obviously and I think that people
should always have a chance to redeem
themselves but that Redemption process
starts with admission and if there is no
omission and you consistently defend
yourself and try to protect your
reputation by claiming that you didn't
ever do these things then that makes me
feel like you're not interested in
redemption at all but when did I ever
say exactly that I've never done that I
would never do that I said I don't see
myself doing it because I didn't see
myself doing it don't you think that
that comes across as a little little
disingenuous though that you you're
saying that you don't see yourself as
doing it when there are so many
instances when there's so much evidence
against it some of it is fake surely but
a lot of it is real a lot of it that you
literally said or wasn't even you and
then had to admit when forced into a
corner no I see it as that a lot of
things that I think and the things that
I'm before now are change and given if I
was in the situation now I don't see
myself saying those things that's that's
that's very different than claiming that
you never said any of those things
or that you had short term memory loss
because of SSRIs when those things may
or may not have been said after being
pushed into a corner to have to admit
that you had said those things okay yeah
I mean it's a good start and I want to
believe you I don't I have no interest
in like [ __ ] cancelling you or some
[ __ ] respond and you just came on
Destiny's stream just kind of like
talking about going through all the
stuff while Destin half of destiny's
community was call me a [ __ ] idiot
for not immediately calling you a Nazi
and then now destiny having this
conversation with you it has forced my
hand to be like what the [ __ ] are you
doing well I know that he normally I
know that he normally is way way more
meticulous and and and avoids like
logical inconsistencies like this when
he's debating other people so I was
trying to figure out what was going on
that's not against [ __ ] normies that
have like fallen into some diet dude
like oh my god we just don't believe
like how much of a Normie amia is like I
literally think that you're projecting
like the castle culture or whatever you
guys do onto me so hard like I'm trying
to think of like because I'm trying to
think of so rigidly consistent remember
when PewDiePie dropped that n bomb I'm
pretty sure we can go look up the
YouTube video right [ __ ] now where I
said Oh
PewDiePie I don't know if he's a racist
or not like maybe maybe is he's probably
not I don't know he probably says the
n-word like like I've literally had this
position all the [ __ ] time then like
I'm not gonna sit there and instantly go
oh that person 100% [ __ ] Nazi oh that
person 100% [ __ ] crypto-fascist
I can tell by the way that they're
negotiating these online platforms and
they're definitely utilized like no I
never [ __ ] do this [ __ ] that's
insanity dude okay it's not of a dumb
[ __ ] like that played fast and loose and
she's playing fast and loose
consistently with the alt-right memes in
a similar fashion to jontron and I don't
think it's as jontron okay you don't
have to know who jontron is I'm making a
point to destiny in his community like
like this is this is in a lot of ways no
different than that situation right am I
am I crazy here don't you think that the
only thing that like the amount of the
amount of things that she has said and
done in the past or are quite similar to
jontron in the way that he was
radicalized on the Internet
yeah but there's a difference jontron is
like currently doing it if jontron were
to come out and be like oh but but don't
give you only give me screenshots at
heart from two years ago that absolutely
is the point in your eyes is she or is
she not nor me pushing the same kind of
rhetoric the junk if she's pushing even
worse things than jontron in the past
and and totally away from the Internet
Hasan I said what I said about the
internet and I've grew up I'm not a nor
me I know what memes are I just didn't
know they were so deep I'm not a part of
the political thing I've never cared
about politics and like like I said like
I didn't know what dog whistling was I
still don't know the difference between
the left's and their right
I didn't know these things that could be
taken like double standards I didn't
know a picture of a clown meant that I
was advocating for Nazism I didn't know
that a picture of a [ __ ] dude with
his hands like in the gimmi gimmi
formation meant that I was anti-semitic
like I didn't know I'd have those things
until people started roasting me and
just immediately assuming things then I
looked into it and I saw yeah these are
different it doesn't mean that I'm not
like it doesn't mean that I'm an or me
it just means that I just didn't care to
learn about those things cuz I didn't
take internally I buy illegals do you
not understand what that means or was
that just a sequence of words that you
forgot what the SSRIs no that's just for
my low innopolis and said bye-bye
illegals what do you think that meant
did you think that that was inherently a
political statement or did you think
that that was just like some [ __ ] you
know whatever who cares I posted to make
my ex laugh because that's something
that he would say something that I said
when I was going to meet your ex laughs
then we're all that so now it's not
actually something that you were
socially conditioned would you kill an
illegal immigrant to make a is that the
next question what would you ask her if
she would kill it illegal immigrant next
would you skin him alive to make your ex
lot where are we going with this a lot
of good that's not what my next question
was my question was actually going to be
now you're again refusing to take
responsibility for the statements and
and pushing it over to your ex it's not
a matter of refusing to take
responsibility for that it's not a
matter of refusing to say it's not a
matter of refusing to take
responsibility for the statement it's a
matter of like so I'm gonna guess
anybody like hey this is probably a
shitty thing to say you probably
shouldn't say anymore right yes but that
doesn't seem to be the type of apologies
that people push for it's normally like
hey you do acknowledge that you [ __ ]
hated illegals and you were [ __ ]
races and [ __ ] horrible and you're
gonna apologize for that right that's
like the types of yes that's the subtext
of what yes yes that's the subtext of
generally what goes along with those
types of apologies I know because I've
been on that end a million [ __ ] times
dog why do you think I was a [ __ ]
libertarian for so [ __ ] long in my
life when people come at me for saying
you know like the word [ __ ] or whatever
you know people are never said like hey
destiny you need to chill it because
like your language can be hurtful blah
blah blah blah no it's like destiny
you're literally [ __ ] homophobic you
literally [ __ ] hate gay people you
literally put ba ba ba ba why don't you
ever pause it well I don't [ __ ] hate
gay people my got [ __ ] apologize but
what the [ __ ] do you mean okay destiny
again I'm understand that you see a lot
of yourself in in Emma's predicament
and I did too originally but if you were
but you did a lot of introspection and
recognized that it was harmful behavior
and literally stopped and fought against
all of the things that you had said in
this instance there is still a
recognition element that is missing that
was my entire point I wasn't saying that
she's gonna [ __ ] skin people alive
I'm just saying that me coming on your
human to show the responsibility me
actually talking about it after those
things happened after ignoring them and
like moving on with my image and try and
just take nor those things I mean like I
actually talking about them for once and
like how many years is not recognition
or is it not recognition because I
didn't apologize yet no it's not
recognition because you you keep blaming
it on other things rather than being
like hey honestly if you're gonna blame
it on other things you can literally say
hey it's memes on the Internet and it's
really [ __ ] up and I did not realize
that this was racist behavior when I was
saying the n-word and all of these other
things and and you know throwing up the
okay sign on my Twitter as early as like
multiple times as early as like 2017 in
and and you know saying and literally I
buy illegal as I took a photo of a dude
I dated who actually [ __ ] wrote for
my Larry innopolis like all of these
things are you're literally using that
just memes defense but you're not even
saying that they're just means you're
just saying that like you didn't know
that they were even means she did not
say she didn't know they were saying she
don't know was a [ __ ] dog whistle for
this extremist [ __ ] I mean like do you
think like somebody like Richard Lewis
is legitimately like a white nationalist
or Tim Poole they're not but they're
usually nice the entire goal of this
type of show but I'm saying that it is
rather suspicious that she is hung out
with legitimate white nationalists
consistently promoted white nationalist
stuff and not even admit that those are
I turn around and not have the DeeZee to
say hey these were [ __ ] terrible
things now that you've described this to
me and I'm really sorry for it
I was gonna say sorry to my own I was
gonna say sorry on my own stream or or
whatever later down the line while also
completely dismissing those statements
on your stream
like what what like you literally did
not admit to saying any of those things
and now you guys are trying to all
[ __ ] Gaslight me if I by making it
seem like you actually did admit to
those things and I'm sorry for not
[ __ ] stepping down from this point
but I mean I don't think she's a Nazi
guys okay
I don't think amia is a Nazi I don't
think she's a crypto-fascist I think she
was just like a regular ol racist okay
and and participated in the memes
because she thought they were edgy there
are plenty of people who do this okay
destiny was lightly kind of one of those
people maybe he was unaware or maybe he
was aware it doesn't matter ultimately
he said this is bad and is working
against it now but he said this is bad
and I did these things I said these
things that is an incredibly important
part of this redemption arc what are we
doing now we're just not we're gonna let
people say like I never actually said
these things or it was SSRIs okay it's
cruel and Roseanne Barr said it too do
you really think she's copper older
Roseanne Barr do I really think she's
comparable to Roseanne Barr Roseanne
Barr used the exact same defense and we
all laughed at it because we thought it
was ridiculous okay
yes I do actually think she's comparable
to Roseanne Barr as a matter of fact I
think she said worse things than
Roseanne Barr okay hold on I'm sorry
maybe I have to go back and look but
Roseanne Barr said a lot of like
insanely [ __ ] crazy [ __ ]
right like not like shared a meme but
like was like blatantly am I wrong guys
wait what was she under heap for can
somebody please link me the tweets
because I might be misremembering like
and a half black half Iranian women
Valerie Jared to Planet of the Apes in
the Muslim Brotherhood didn't she say
more than that as well worker other
thing the n-word a bunch of times
probably worse than that I don't know
maybe twice from the chat lines that you
showed one was just a fake screenshot so
me saying it twice in a twitch at two
years ago is comparable to someone who's
like that like you're explaining how
sorry I wasn't did anyone say anything
I'd walk away to get nicotine gum I did
so me saying that word twice is
comparable to that woman saying those
things Roseanne Barr is literally using
like hashtag pizza gate and hashtag pedo
gate you really see these two people on
the same level okay we're losing
comparison is because that was her
[ __ ] that was literally her her
saying hey I'm sorry I was using SSRIs
okay but I'm worse your defense is the
same and it was stupid when she said it
and it was stupid when you said it as
well that's the whole point it wasn't it
was an explanation I wasn't using it as
an excuse I was just trying to explain
why it's hard for me to remember those
things my point of coming on here and
talking about those tougher wasn't to be
put on trial and sit here and be forced
to apologize about things it was just to
talk to to see about what he would do in
that situation yeah it just look
honestly I was nicer than destiny was
originally - you thought that it was I
genuinely thought that like you you felt
embarrassed or you felt like all of this
[ __ ] came up while we were having a
conversation um so I was really leaving
the benefits out but when you went on
destiny stream to talk about to not
admit that you had said any of those
things and again not take on that
responsibility made me feel like you
were just running the apology tour make
yourself look like a victim so you can
win over at least like 30% of destiny's
audience have them come and watch you
watch your stream I'm sorry but it
that's literally what it looks like I
wanted to give you the benefit of that I
literally did give you the benefit of
that originally but now it just looks
like you're just trying to say like hey
crypto-fascist memes all these things
that I've done in the past
they're all just they're all just happy
coincidences I'm not responsible for it
but I'm also gonna get better for it and
and now 30% of like the 9,000 people
that are watching are gonna come into
your stream and be like Meo you're so
[ __ ] right here here's a 3t have you
not been reading the shot the whole
entire time I mean you can't do nothing
wrong I never [ __ ] said I'd never done
anything wrong never once why would I
put myself in that situation twice
I already got [ __ ] death threats from
your community people calling me a Nazi
people coming in my chat call me a
racist I literally said hey guys
don't go [ __ ] off on her and by the
way my community there were people in
Destiny's subreddit who were calling me
a [ __ ] idiot for not going off on you
as hard as I and and not going off
harder on you okay so don't don't act
like this was me or my community I'm
saying why would I put myself in that
situation twice
there's nothing profitable from this I
was genuinely asking him question about
how I should you know how I should think
or how other people should think or why
do they think the way that they think
for my own growth not for my face not
for my image it was for me to understand
what I have to do from it and make that
decision I'm gonna be forced into a
decision just because you think I should
and be held at your standards I'm not
trying to hold you to my standards I'm
trying to hold you to the bottom of the
barrel lowest standards possible which
is really which gives you an out to
literally say hey I'm sorry and and now
you're gonna make it seem like you
already said you're sorry I told you
that I'm not gonna sit here and
apologize [ __ ] because I feel like I'm
being forced I bought is in front of
people I said that I would just seems
really fake Meo I'm sorry
like I want to believe you obviously I
don't give a [ __ ] about like another
person
right now you would just say it's fake I
don't believe you I mean you're just
doing no I wish you did it in the moment
though I wish then I would have 1000%
you can go back and look at the [ __ ]
logs I would have been like guys if she
literally said these are the things I
said and I'm sorry if you look back at
the logs from like two hours ago you'll
see like if she literally was like hey I
said these things I'm [ __ ] sorry
about them I'm trying to get better can
we please move on
that would have been 1000% preferable to
what you did I think it's better for me
and the people who actually support me
if I apologize to them directly first
apologizing to them is a beautiful thing
and I'm glad that you're thinking and
considering your community and wanting
to apologize to them but that doesn't
change the fact that you literally
denied responsibility moments prior to
that even if you went on your stream and
and maybe got like a maybe got like a
host from destiny a little bit of boost
from the SNe after that to apologize to
your community you still deny the
responsibility earlier on so I mean why
are we going back to the same exact
arguments over and over again because
you keep bringing it up because you
won't because you won't see my side I
guess you wanted like just like how it
was when I was asking you questions if
feels like you're just pushing what you
think and like if I don't do it what do
you think I'm automatically wrong what
do you what do you think I think
everything a person who's been in
Destiny's community for an extended
period of time has come in and come in
and out a person who literally said that
they don't know what the word SJW means
despite the fact that they dated writer
I mean a person who's like throwing up a
lot of those a lot of those crypto
fashion suspiciously doesn't understand
one of the most nor me [ __ ] one of
the most basic bottom-of-the-barrel oh
dear [ __ ] means that everyone throws
around so do you have selective memory
laws when it comes to sjw's but don't
have selective memory loss when it comes
to throwing up the LTA sign or throwing
up all these other [ __ ] memes it just
it's just so in
consistent which is precisely what my
problem is no wait sorry to interrupt as
like destiny GG historian you were in
the community in 2016 I not true at all
you guys play like a teamspeak full of
deaths you know GU ya talkin to
teamspeak after the bomb gym thing yeah
that's still maybe this kind of talking
to guys once isn't being in the
community I think you're a frequent
community member in the discord is there
multiple videos I'm trying to figure it
out dude what so when she messaged me
she'd literally acknowledged this in the
first like Twitter DM she sent me so I
mean like I don't think she's lying
about this like she's literally said as
much okay I just didn't think she was
because she was saying I've never done
the community sure I think when she says
she's never been in the community when
someone says been in the community like
she means it in post like every yeah or
like been like an active member the
cleanin out like oh I'd like I've
intersected with it twice like there are
a lot of streamers that I've like
intersected with like a few times but I
wouldn't say that like I'm part of their
community
I think that's and I think I think Emma
from what I remember because I remember
those dumb [ __ ] memes as well like I
feel like she was like a thing in our
like community for life he was a few
days I thought it was like bond Jen
talked to her once and there was like a
bomb Jim once on stream he told me to
join the discord and talk to a couple
people and that was it it's been a long
time so I'm probably gonna miss remember
it but I feel like she was definitely
there for because it's not a will attack
you for if you just say you don't
remember for memory loss that's actually
my most passionate subject is is people
whose memory loss you're right I mean
you're definitely making yourself seem
really innocent when you say stuff like
that I'm just saying if I can't use it
then you can't either you have to
remember doesn't matter how long it was
I feel like I have a recollection of me
using racist terms in the past I think I
just forgot everyone like you try to
claim I think so they think that's like
a big difference yes well you don't but
you're not seeming to understand it's
like you're literally surrounded by
people who are fun
gamer's and have used gamer words quite
recently even and have recollection for
it and and admit that and literally say
that they were wrong for doing that you
have missed that like you you're missing
like the last like maybe fifty to sixty
five percent of that conversation okay
that's what's important here no I can
see here and say that I you know I have
said things that are racist and rude to
my friends as like jokes but not like in
public like in a chat log like on Twitch
that's what I'm trying to say I mean you
did say it on Twitch twice says the over
Russell logs well was that on Twitter
and a dgg room I think that yeah that's
what I'm saying by me saying it like
like I can't sit here and remember and
tell you like exactly the quote date and
time that I ever I've said that I don't
think anybody was asking for that I
think they're just no I know enough type
said some braces [ __ ] and I'm dumb and I
apologize and I'm on the internet
everyone it's that everyone is dumb
everyone has said racist [ __ ] like
everyone's done it it's it's it's okay
what's not okay I mean that's still
technically not okay but what's
definitely not okay is saying no I never
said it then then saying oh I might have
said it then saying oh I've only said it
twice then saying like with every
instance of pushback changing the
narrative over and over again and moving
you're moving your side and changing
your argument and then arguing in bad
faith from that perspective this is the
problem just be just be open like be
transparent this is a forgiving
community I think the problem though is
it like that open-minded to everything
that you were saying and until your
non-apology trigger the [ __ ] out of me
because it just seemed like you didn't
care about the consequences of reactions
you literally saying Who am I supposed
to apologize to in when having this
conversation with destiny is indicative
that you don't feel the need to
apologize about anything really having
community so that's why they're bringing
up just because someone is because
someone is upset at you doesn't mean you
can't change their minds you're
obviously trying to change people's
minds by portraying yourself as a victim
in this conversation so you understand
the people's minds can be changed right
no no no actually I think it was
explicitly not her goal right that's why
she doesn't want to [ __ ] apologize
here or do any of that [ __ ] here she
just wants to figure out what she should
do moving forward yes her goal is not to
change people's minds by asking for
forgiveness her goal is to play the
victim change people's minds in these
kinds of communities but because you
can't because it's [ __ ] cancer and
you absolutely can it'd be a waste of
time to do so okay I mean we can go and
break there's a week's worth of Chapo
traphouse threads on me that said that I
want to [ __ ] 19 year olds that I
abandoned my [ __ ] kid like [ __ ]
Christ I've got like 7,000 videos over
ten [ __ ] year well maybe over the
past like four or five years we doing
like progressive work like [ __ ] it dude
if I haven't changed people's minds why
the [ __ ] would I tell anybody else to
waste our time gonna [ __ ] that [ __ ] dude
and I'll maintain that position
left-leaning communities are just as
cancers as right-leaning communities
when it comes to online discourse I
would never recommend anybody waste
their [ __ ] time trying to like win
the approval of these cancers [ __ ]
communities no [ __ ] way okay it's not
about destiny come on dude come on dude
like we had this conversation already so
you and I both engage in the same thing
we hyper focus on all the [ __ ]
negative elements and and don't look at
all the people who are like no that's
not true you guys are being [ __ ]
insane I'm a Chapo sell myself and I
think we do you think I'm hyper focusing
we can go over those threats if you want
who openly stated to you and to them as
well that they were being [ __ ]
ridiculous
I mean we can go over like all [ __ ]
five or six years but it does the same
exact [ __ ] to me
i julienne of them and call them on mean
well firstly I look out for this and I
ban people to do it but secondly they
don't really do it that often
it's barely I'm barely proud of them for
this but usually when people add hama
tak you usually that's downloaded we
actually explicitly had this
conversation for because somebody posted
a thread where they were critical you
about you about debate or some [ __ ] and
I saw one comment in there where the
guys said that you were stupid and he
was downloaded to the very [ __ ]
bottom of the thread so no I don't let
those threads stand and I don't let
those types of attacks stain even on
people like ben shapiro don't like look
people like make like you know short
jokes or whatever because i think it's
really stupid
so no III don't think that they're
exactly the same as like the people in
chapo or whatever sometimes okay are
obviously are are your subreddit and
and my subreddit are entirely different
than like your subreddit and Chapo as
well cuz like we share a lot of audience
members but my point is you're hyper
focusing on a couple subreddit posts
right and the uploads in that sub reddit
post by like faceless [ __ ] god knows
who writing a bunch of [ __ ] and then
painting it as like the entirety of the
left when there are plenty of people in
the left who not only support you but
even support you through some of the
dumber takes that you make that you
personally admit or are supposed to be
inflammatory so you can trigger the left
nicely I never have a super say I never
have takes that are only inflammatory I
stand by everything I've said unless
I've legitimately changed my monitor
firstly secondly this whole thing is
just the exclusively trigger the leftist
and have them leave your community
because we have okay firstly you
literally just went on TV and an
interview and said you wouldn't vote for
Biden over Trump how are you gonna
pretend that people here are like
equally divisive on both sides like it
is absolutely not the case like people
don't love pure t-test and go into the
ship way [ __ ] harder than people on
the right - it's why the right have
always been more politically effective
than people on the left I made it wait
do you think that's the same as hold on
I'm confused do you think that's the
same as saying workers are dumb like all
workers are [ __ ] dumb or or no I'm
responding I'm at first of all I never
said managers are much smarter than work
guys literally I literally stated why I
think it's [ __ ] terrible because it
will go back to business as usual
politics which is the same [ __ ]
system the same structure that gave us
Donald Trump to begin with and the next
time around it's gonna be a much worse
person than Donald Trump I followed up
my sentiment with actual facts as to why
I feel the way I do about a Joe Biden
presidency or a Joe Biden candidacy for
the Democratic Party which could likely
love it so when you look at like all of
the LGBT people so when you so when you
look at like LGBT people in the United
States of women that might lose like the
ability to have an abortion right
because maybe roots Ginsberg's or
whatever drops dead and we have a new
Supreme Court dress it's next hearing
like oh well [ __ ] it you know I mean I
just didn't want things to go back to
usual so you know I'm not gonna support
the Democratic candidate because you
know [ __ ] it because lol like we're not
being sued by the way that's not the
same as like I'm not gonna [ __ ]
support Joe Biden I all I'm gonna watch
but I'm almost positive that you said
that you wouldn't vote for Joe Biden
that you said you would like go shack up
and I live in the woods somewhere which
is cool because you have the privilege
to do
so but I'm I'm considering not voting
for Joe Biden and living up in the woods
and living in an anarchic Rimet of his
lifestyle which is like the second fall
it's a meeting dude I think you said
that you wouldn't vote for Joe Biden I
did watch that as well
I loved everyone and there's so much ok
I hope you let just for the record I'm
also not gonna live in the woods ok I'm
not my face when we sit here and we meme
about not voting for the person that
gets elected as the Democratic primary
because that's just a meme but Bernie
bros literally [ __ ] switch sides in
some cases are voted for Trump in the
less election but it's just a meme guys
lol but when the right does it it's not
means it seriously but when the left
does it lol it's just a meme the Bernie
community as well that's absolutely
preposterous I'm saying yep staining is
not the same as [ __ ] not vote are
going out and voting for an actual
[ __ ] crypto fat I mean a proto-fascist
that's crazy
what is what purple like swamp amore
can't vote for more people in the
Hillary camp in 2008 voted for McCain
then then Bernie Bros voted for Trump so
I mean this is a much larger much more
complex problem but we can absolutely
have an argument about this if you want
I mean I've done it a million times wait
an argument about not supporting Biden
and the primaries not supporting not
supporting Biden or abstaining from
boating or why I would potentially
abstain from voting okay I'm so curious
how you could possibly defend abstaining
from voting when it's Biden if it was
Biden versus Trump okay perfect perfect
example of this is well one I think that
most of the most of the supposedly
quote/unquote liberal judges are still
going to and have historically voted
they're still going to be relatively
conservative and Merrick garland was a
perfect example of this one for Akko
Obama literally put forward a moderate
technically kind of conservative justice
in an effort to gain clout within the
Republican Party and have them vote for
it so I don't think that the difference
is going to be gigantic in regards to a
Republican justice in comparison to a to
a democratic moderate justice they're
gonna put out there could be certain
things that get rolled back ultimately I
don't believe that that will ultimately
I don't believe that if it if it
interferes with the interest of capital
with corporations there still never
going to push for
anything that will damage the status quo
in a meaningful way okay okay so that's
one two beyond that and just for the
record I say okay I understand I
couldn't not disagree this more I think
this is like one of the most hilariously
stupid things when people on the
alt-right would literally cheer for any
Republican candidate it get through and
we're literally saying that we would
take Donald Trump over Biden because it
doesn't deal with capitalism errs I
don't I don't even I don't even know
okay so this is a two-pronged problem
but don't you see that that it's like
Donald Trump came to power because we
did it [ __ ] push hard enough on the
left and it is still the exact same
concessions that were giving to
Republicans over and over again by
putting forward a candidate like Joe
Biden who is not only a [ __ ] dumbass
who goes back on things like the Hyde
Amendment after talking to her Hagen was
campaign manager in a manner of like
three days but also the only legislation
he has been able to pass or write is
incredibly damaging and technically more
conservative than anything that Barack
Obama did so this dude is like basically
a [ __ ] Republican and that's my
frustration is that because of people
not fighting back and not saying in the
middle of the primaries that like I
won't [ __ ] vote for Joe Biden [ __ ]
this piece of [ __ ] and and trying to
[ __ ] move the Democratic Party to a
position where leftist populism can
actually gain some momentum and get
people to vote for the [ __ ] Democrats
rather than abstain because most people
are not voting anyway it is dumb
that is my political perspective of my
political analysis do you see how some
people that might be caught in areas
where like the outcomes of these
elections are actually like vitally
important might like take issue with
what you're saying that there might be
like an actual working-class person who
doesn't spend all of his days LARPing
online about socialism that really wants
affordable health care or really doesn't
want to see the ability for somebody in
there were to say if we were to sit here
and we were to assign a probability
firstly he's not but he could get pushed
towards it right which is exactly what
happened was he
are you not gonna pretend that this
isn't exactly what happened to Hillary
Clinton when she debated Oh Bernie time
and time and time again she got pushed
to 15 an hour minimum wage I'm pretty
sure she got pushed a little bit more
extreme in her position on health care
as well this is exactly what the whole
point of the primary process is firstly
secondly even if he wasn't for health
care for all who do you think is gonna
be a better advocate of Health for
health care for the average American
citizen [ __ ] something like Donald
Trump or somebody like Joe Biden like is
he an establishment Democrat sure you do
establish you never guys I'm shooting
position
sure but holy [ __ ] how [ __ ] lucky are
you to be in a position in your life or
like oh well I don't get elected because
he's got more [ __ ] guy and [ __ ]
everybody else they might have important
social issues that are actually gonna
ruin their [ __ ] lives because this
guy doesn't fall in life and if I as
hardcore as you wanted to be like that's
absolutely in [ __ ] sane to me it is
the most privileged [ __ ] position you
could ever possibly dace mentality I'm
gonna talk about Bernie Sanders for
being a socialist just for the record I
don't care about Bernie Sanders because
oh my god he's the socialist I care
about Bernie Sanders because he
potentially has the possibility of
getting elected and he understands what
must be done what is a necessity to push
for actual [ __ ] social democratic
reforms that you and I both agree on it
is preposterous to assume that Joe Biden
would do anything but that when he has
signaled over and over and over again at
a time when Medicare for all is polling
at 80% that he's not going to do that a
person who literally came out and said I
don't give a [ __ ] about Millennials now
like that's the way he started his
campaign a person who commended Paul
Ryan for saying that he would cut Social
Security and Medicaid but and now you're
defending this person is saying that
this is better than Donald Trump
because for every one quote you give me
an unlined and it has a precisely
Democratic Party's position there are
entire books written about this I
suggest you read Ryan Grimm's we got
people which I interviewed recently if
you'd want to read the book you can just
watch the [ __ ] interview on my
youtube okay at the very least at the
very least at the very least at the very
least don't LARP as a performer then
because what you're giving me is full-on
revolutionary propaganda like that's
what you're giving me like you're saying
that's the system [ __ ] any small
measurable gains we make we need to
literally abstain from voting
yes it's literally the acceleration if
you're literally
you're giving me a forest you are giving
me the acceleration as position you
don't care if the whole [ __ ] system
falls down you don't want to make any
incremental changes right it's not
enough so you're gonna apply promote it
I have to we have to push for a [ __ ]
pressure at some points destiny we have
to push the Democratic Party which is
certainly benefiting from Trump's
existence right now and not even [ __ ]
pushing for impeachment not even doing
all the things that are necessary and
actually defending the Constitution
which they apparently care about but not
really is so much so they'll attack
Donald Trump on it like actually pushing
the Democratic Party further the left so
we can actually win some [ __ ]
elections I'm doing this because I
understand for the past 20 years it's
third way politics the neoliberalism and
the Democratic Party has corrupted the
entire institution where the Democratic
Party is more interested in being the
controlled opposition and maintaining
power rather than actually doing
something that could be populist but
could potentially damage their
reputation within corporate
beneficiaries that they currently
represent over the people yeah I
understand your issues with the
corporations and your issues with the
capitalism it just comes off to me is an
incredibly lucky position to be able to
say I don't care where we fall on these
political issues in the future because
it's not far enough for me but maybe you
think that's like the politically
effective way for it and I guess maybe
we just disagree on that it seems like
the right has been playing the entire
opposite game the entire time and
they've been moving further and further
right as a process like if people on the
right have the same idea that you did
they would have never supported the
right is playing the radicalisation game
the right is conceding to the more
radical elements in their [ __ ] party
that's why yeah but it's a given taken
because the radicals with them but the
radical elements of the party are also
okay conceding to the less radical
elements of the party like it's a
two-way street it's why they're so
politically effective because they can
all work together that's what my whole
pie destiny you're not seeing the point
the point is that the right is getting
more radical than they're pushing the
country further to the right and they
have done so for the past 20 years
effectively not and also they've been
able to do this because the left
consistently tries to [ __ ] concede by
putting up people like Joe Biden okay I
love you how can you not see this I'm so
confused
I I wouldn't I would never dream of more
years of Trump I guess I don't know and
I can't see like just avoiding like Joe
Biden because he's
like far left enough for me I was like a
reason why I would seriously consider
not voting for somebody to get Trump out
of office but should I leave the call
now I have to leave soon anyway give us
here what are your what are your final I
mean thoughts what do you want to do
that's what that what do you yeah I just
it feels weird apologizing after like
you get exposed to her stuff because it
doesn't seem genuine and I don't I
didn't want to just apologize to people
who aren't gonna take my apology
seriously anyways or say that I'm only
doing it to save face or doing damage
control by apologizing I wanted to do it
in my own like standards my own good
faith and to like people who actually
like are interested in seeing a change
and actually will believe it instead the
only reason I didn't say anything
goddamnit I was supposed to be [ __ ]
streaming this entire time it's like so
much loss factors [ __ ] I've did so many
[ __ ] lost hours guard they can like a
capitalist I like a good job yeah
alright okay so destiny wins again sound
lost everybody
wait what's get the [ __ ] out of here
dude are you kidding me we will have
many more conversations around this very
subject soon alright I started streaming
okay but yeah that is ridiculous
okay well listen I've appreciated all of
you I enjoy the conversations I'm gonna
go to this mail conference that Hassan
is ditching me at by the way
yeah because always I would rather not
spend my time arguing with [ __ ] the
likes of Owen Benjamin and look I think
it's admirable that you're doing what
you're doing and we had this
conversation before but like I said I I
would rather advocate for the things I
believe in
then even be in a position where I have
to concede a certain points from like
for the likes of Owen Benjamin and
legitimize them as well okay all right
okay I love all of you very much thank
you for the wonderful conversation good
look and I obviously support you okay
thanks have fun be so
[Music]
