all right oh let's listen all right good
luck boys good one
democracy is great I mean it would be if
only people were smart but the prop I
just like to get these out of the way
true I read this one a tree out of 10
actually problem is the people are just
so stupid this is a bit reductionist I
want to be super pedantic during this
okay cuz I don't like this guy so my
problem with people and voting on
democratic things is that the problems
right now are too complicated for like a
simple layman to really have a full
grasp on so things like climate change
or things like what is the budget like I
don't think that these are issues that
like normal people have like um like can
have like a well-informed strong opinion
on I just don't think that we're like
it's too it's a lot it's a lot for like
for like a layman to keep up with I
think but if you tell people the facts
they just fart right in your face they
use nonspecific words like stuff and
things and they wear pajamas to Walmart
Maura wait is it logos versus pathos why
are you writing so much it's gonna take
forever
all right that's true maybe we should
just play oxygen not included wait if
you don't like it go watch here look
here's the video go watch it on your own
time okay there you go
or I could just watch or I could just
watch like I did stupid oh I didn't
agree with that oh that's dumb
oh that's dumb oh that's dumb thing is
that you want me to do [ __ ] off dude go
watch on your own [ __ ] time okay
[ __ ] off Walmart Maura allow me to
elucidate the perfunctory manner in
which the quintessential everyday people
perform the general malaise people are
big the average person gets out every
single day goes their bad job that they
picked because of some you problem and
marry me they're biologically stupid
maybe they're just too lazy to be smart
big words
the average person gets up how deep are
you feels big goes their bad job that
they picked because of some you problem
and marry me they're biologically stupid
maybe they're just too lazy to the goal
is to get Peter on and talk to him after
this video
I'm running stuff time to be smart
whatever I don't know they do it they
choose to be lazy and the only kind of
person who would do that
nice to me again and you know what it's
not Maybelline they're born with then
these biologically stupid and lazy
people meet these other biologically
stupid and lazy people and they breathe
okay so four people saying keep in mind
that he's only using your likeness he's
not talking about your position
specifically I reject that and you
should consider going to the hospital
getting a [ __ ] brain analysis if you
honest-to-god think that like this isn't
like pointing pretty specifically I mean
like he literally bit my [ __ ]
background and we're using twitch bits
and everything like he's highly
insinuating that my arguments if aren't
if are not these exactly that they are
highly resembling my arguments okay so
like don't [ __ ] out of here okay moving
on I think democracy is stupid because
everyone who isn't me is stupid I'm
smart let's bring in the lefty to debate
hey what's up
[Music]
democracy is where the citizens of the
society make decisions about that
society by voting it comes in a few
different flavors like direct democracy
is when citizens vote directly on each
issue and representative democracy is
when they elect representatives to vote
on their behalf pretty self-explanatory
right I mean there's a lot of nuance and
lots of different ideas about it but for
the most part we know what it's supposed
to be the ability of the people to make
decisions for themselves
that in mind did you know that over 70%
of Americans believe in climate change
that's a lot isn't it 63% of Americans
believe that climate change is due to
humans - only a 7% drop off only 14% of
people in the United States specifically
believe that climate change is not
happening to put that in perspective
Americans that believe in climate change
outnumber those who do not 5 to 1
or at least they did in the Yale study
that came out earlier in the year while
I was editing this more polls came out
and apparently it's more yeah so I mean
who carries this is about democracy not
climate change apparently it's more
rewriting the stance so we'll ignore
like some of the more like complicated
parts Jesus but I mean I don't think
these polls help him very much like only
56 percent of humans believe we should
act on climate change right now almost
half of people forty eight percent
believe that humans can slow but not to
stop climate change at all but okay yeah
so who cares this is about democracy not
climate change I mean I was talking
about how much better I am than everyone
because is this just about Americans I
think it's just about about positive
Americans there's not literally your
permanent the background yeah and this
more polls came out and apparently it's
more yeah so I mean who carries this is
about democracy not climate change I
mean I was talking about how much better
I am than everyone because I know I was
just on par with calling you a pedophile
or pointing to the FBI when did I ever
say was on par with that right and that
you've left up to other people
not they
would be good I don't want to hear about
other people are also right and how
that's incongruent no it might just end
up a little bit more related than you
might think
meander with me oh so you mean you're
gonna guess gallop keeping in mind the
assertion that seventy percent of
Americans believe in climate change
imagine that a politician won an
election with 70% of the vote or he'll
63 percent of the vote in even the most
cautious media narrative that situation
would have to be called a landslide for
any characterization to seem credible
what I'm saying is if destiny is back to
the destiny hit peace air I remember
these for my outright days weren't
you're already just filled with the art
right calling a pedophile we're pointing
into the FBI am I just mistaken so
firstly the left calls me a pedophile
about as much as the alt-right does know
the our rate hasn't or the Left haven't
call the FBI me like the outright those
but I wasn't even time any that I'm just
saying like oh cool it's time for
destiny [ __ ] hit pieces where we all
like take dumb [ __ ] videos of mine
and then make dumb [ __ ] videos about
it without address anything would
actually said that's like from that era
I can draw comparisons between two
groups of people without those people
being entirely identical and the way
that the extreme left dip shits on the
Internet function rhetorically it's very
similar to how people in the alt-right
function but this is probably true of
literally every extremist group
everywhere
you ready they I'm not to say that like
the left is the same as the right or
whatever but that like the the the the
type of intellectual dishonesty and then
the rhetoric displayed is more or less
the same as what I would expect to see
any like extremist [ __ ] part of the
Internet there was a democratic vote
among the American public right now it
would be a landslide and we would
probably be working in a more unified
manner to combat climate change this is
the worst argument ever that's all well
and good but that's now in 2019 it
wasn't always like that studying climate
change actually goes way back the
greenhouse effect was an idea that first
came about in the 1800s but it's
specifically the 1970s and onward I want
to focus on in 1977 Exxon scientist
James Black reported to the company's
executives with an internal report
asserting that fossil fuel usage was
changing the climate this same year the
EPA released a technical report that
reached a similar conclusion
exon began investigating climate change
pretty heavily and in 1982 they
distributed an internal primer on
climate change which sounds positive
until you find out that Marvin B glacier
the environmental affairs manager at
Exxon directed that it should be
restricted to Exxon personnel and not
distributed externally until about 1989
the Exxon scientists were not outright
ignored even so their information was
never disseminated at mass scale some of
their information was disseminated in
scientific journals but the audience for
that is extremely narrow and specific
much like EPA reports in 1988 NASA
scientist James Hansen spoke to the US
Senate about climate change this was
broadcast to the public and was
presented in a manner that required less
prior knowledge to understand global
okay I'm not gonna lie I just ignored
all that okay hold on you have my
undivided attention now honey listen I
guess keep in mind 7% of Americans
believe in climate change
imagine that politician won an election
with 70% of the vote or Pelt 63% the
vote in even the most cautious media
narrative of that situation would have
to be called a landslide for any
characterization to seem greville what
I'm saying is if it was democratic oakum
on the american public right now it
would be a landslide and we'll probably
be working in a more unified manner to
combat climate change that's all but
that's now in 2019 it wasn't always like
that
studying climate change actually goes
way back the greenhouse effect was idea
the first came about in eighteen
hundred's but it specifically the 1970s
onward I want to focus on in 1977 Exxon
scientist James black reports the
company executives with an internal
report asserting the fossil fuel usage
was changing the climate this said here
the EPA released a technical report that
reach a similar conclusion
Exxon began investigating five change
pretty heavily any 1982 50 disturb'd an
internal primer on climate change which
sounds positive until you find out that
Martin B pleasure the Environmental
Affairs manager at Exxon directed that
it should be respected tax on personnel
and not distributed externally until
about 1989 the Exxon scientists we're
not outright ignored even so their
information was never disseminated at
scale some of their information was
disseminated in scientific journals but
the audience for that is extremely
narrow in specific much like EPA reports
in 1988 NASA scientist James Hansen
spoke of the US Senate about climate
change this was broadcast the publicly
presented a matter that required less
prior knowledge understand global
warming has reached a level such that we
can ascribe with a high level of
confidence a cause-and-effect
relationship between greenhouse effect
and observed warming it is already
happening now the greenhouse effect has
been detected and it is changing our
climates now we already reached the
point where the greenhouse effect is
important this testimony was many
people's introduction to climate science
and only months later an Exxon tanker
spilled 11 million gallons of oil into
Alaskan waters the public or at least
the public that reads scientific
journals in watch a Senate hearings was
be
coming alarmed in response Exxon along
with Shell and BP founded the Global
Climate Coalition which again sounds
positive at least until you find out
what was the Global Climate Coalition
was a lobbyist front for oil companies
they specifically opposed any action to
reduce greenhouse gas emissions to
accomplish their goals the GCC
disseminated an abundance of information
designed to undermine public perception
of the science behind global warming but
regardless of why our society isn't
currently treating climate change as an
all-hands-on-deck global crisis I
believe there's two reasons for that
first the information and attention
economies around the subject have been
strategically manipulated to prevent
people from illy arity with evidence and
second even if okay before we get too
much farther end of this because I can
already see like one of the huge fatal
flaws that he's presenting carry the
problem is that climate change is not a
binary issue [ __ ] hold on I'm getting
ultra [ __ ] triggered over here just
give me one second okay climate change
is not a binary issue hold on I'm
working on a second Word document
actually okay aren't you always saying
that people aren't worried enough okay
okay okay listen listen listen okay let
me help you with this okay these
problems don't require binary solutions
okay if I'm standing on you and I have
my neck on your throat okay well now we
have a problem we can't breathe what do
we do we either continue to choke you
did I saw my neck on your throat my boot
on your throat or whatever I don't know
what Nagano means or we either have you
continue to choke the person or you stop
right it's a pretty easy thing to figure
out or let's say that like let's say
that I'm about to run a red light right
we've got the gas down we're gonna run a
red light when to avoid running away we
either take our foot off the gas and we
stop or we continue to hold up one of
the guys we run the red light right
these are very interesting things with
binary solutions you have like you
either do something or you don't do
something the number of options are
incredibly limited with climate change
there's like a ton there's a ton of
stuff there's a ton of stuff going on I
could say hey guys do we need to do
something about climate change numbers
like yeah hell yeah 100% and you go okay
cool well number one we all gotta stop
driving cars
oh well hold on the support for that
policy would be very [ __ ] low or hey
we got to stop flying planes or hey we
need to put a five-dollar gas tax oh
sorry
the analog to this problem is brexit
okay when the United Kingdom voted to
leave the European Union they voted on a
52:48 marginal leave but now that we're
actually deciding how should we leave we
see that the issue is actually far more
complicated climate change is the same
way just because 60% of Americans
believe it's a problem doesn't mean that
we can democratically fix it because it
could be that the solutions to these
problems are actually far less popular
than simply identifying the problem in
and of itself that's the oh I'm I have a
feeling we're about to waste five
minutes in this video talking about how
Americans oh they understand climate
change is a problem right that might be
possible but that doesn't mean [ __ ] but
we need to find out is how far people
willing to go to actually rectify the
problem how far people are actually
willing to go how much are people
willing to sacrifice how much are people
willing to change their lives to deal
with climate change that's the real
question kind of like with brexit okay
well you want to leave the European
Union on what terms what do you what use
your relationship with European Union
look like in a post brexit world well
now this question becomes incredibly
difficult to answer right that's why
this is a really stupid like a very
naive and immature analysis of a very
complicated non-binary problem but it's
presented like a binary in our parties
if it's presented like a binary and our
parties well the room the Republicans
run everything right now so then we just
so then Americans are anti climate
change or maybe there's multiple issues
to take into account so like but ok if
people were familiar with the evidence
there is no mechanism to force
meaningful change in ending the vast
majority of carbon emissions who is
around the mid-2000s that these oil
companies started advertising their
alternative energy divisions and it has
been since then that public opinion has
changed the most
so is society under reacting for the
climate crisis because people are stupid
is it really just about knowing I don't
think so in fact I think it's because
the information and attention economies
are effectively owned just as every
couple I don't understand why people say
like like people people aren't stupid
the problem is just that like or people
it's not that people lack the
information it's just it like the
information
in out there because everybody's hiding
ok well then it sounds like they are
pretty dumb then about the problem now
maybe it's not their fault maybe it's a
fault but I mean like you're basically
restating my problem but ok company
Factory refinery a machine that are
putting carbon into the air are also
owned the everyday person has been kept
away from that information and to this
day has no real control democratic or
otherwise over what is done with the
means of production
well production would you agree that a
socio-economic system where the means of
production are owned by the workers and
it attempt to socialize both the labor
and product could very well be an
improvement then know what I mean so you
think that the everyday person this is a
good strummin position what would you
say for highly diversified companies
this just isn't possible for the average
consumer if you really want it to
boycott Nestle I don't think I would I
don't even know if I believe it's like
Nestle or like if boycotting is that
effective a way to do things because I
don't know how much the average person
can get on board with boycotting some of
these like giant multinational companies
like the average person isn't about to
boycott gasoline if you've got to drive
to work you can't boycott Nestle these
people own like 50 million [ __ ]
companies like its usage of say gasoline
is statistically comparable to
industrial usage but you think everyone
can just up and stop buying it they'd
get it's usage of say gasoline is
statistically comparable to industrial
usage but you think everyone can just up
and stop buying it they get of course
not what an easy stupid [ __ ] straw
man to argue against congratulations
dude you're so [ __ ] smart the average
consumer absolutely can't boycott these
products because they don't have the
means to do so God what a brilliant
[ __ ] argument I wish I could have
thought of that two minutes before
listening to you say it in a video
against a [ __ ] straw man
fired from their job for not showing up
boys there's too many idiots anyways it
might clear them out so you'd rather
have the majority of people starving to
death because they can't work to earn
money which is necessary to eat in this
system instead of consider a different
organization method for power and mode
of production
well like the problem is we could fail
if we tried something like that getting
a lot of bits for this anyways it might
clear them out so you'd rather have the
majority of people starving did my
favorite like and we just take one
moment to appreciate in his debate
against me he backpedaled every [ __ ]
claim conceded every [ __ ] point and
had zero [ __ ] to say to me but in this
video so destiny you think your
arguments have merit you wouldn't rather
move to a system where we've socialized
both the labor and the means of
production so you're telling me you'd
rather let everybody die on the streets
what an idiotic position I'm gonna
eviscerate all of your claims now in a
cool and calm collected manner while you
sit there and scream and screech on the
sidelines like an irritating little
goblin collecting your stupid bits I'm
gonna crush you kid like this is his own
ironic video like are you [ __ ]
serious
okay this is a [ __ ] is this real [ __ ]
life right now simply stop oh [ __ ] okay
let me because they can't work to earn
money which is necessary mode of
production
well like the problem is we could fail
if we tried something like thank our
bits money because you get a lot of them
I mean improving society sounds really
great and all but it isn't how my
audience lives right now
so the status quo has to feel
comfortable enough to give me money
meaning I flat out can't take you your
criticisms of
current conditions or your ideas about a
future Society seriously or they'll stop
paying me do you want me to starve no
but that is exactly the problem you're
financially incentivized to support the
world as it is today coerced and that if
you don't you'll not be able to support
yourself anymore do you see how that's a
kind of ownership the current order of
things has over the information and
attention economies I know I know it
really does sound like an example of
what you're trying to say prevent
systemic change and improvement but like
who cares Wow
minecraft let's say there's a hundred
worker cooperatively owned factory where
70 that's seventy percent the same
percentage of people in the United
States who understand that climate
change is real seventy of this factories
workers are white the remaining thirty
workers are black four oh my god he's
gonna try to tango with the hypothetical
now oh [ __ ] can I can we start off hold
on okay moment let's assume the white
majority is also racist in this
hypothetical and it continually votes
against the black minorities interests I
bring this up because recently this
hypothetical situation has been used to
discredit even a preliminary change in
the relations of production namely the
coop so why are these workers racist
because they're stupid and white and
that is white people are racist it's
because they're white it's stupid and oh
yeah this is like every why do it when
is every [ __ ] lefty do this I hope he
can come on again after we're done
reviewing his video we'll reach out to
him on [ __ ] Twitter we'll see what he
says okay okay white slavery was awful
goddamn this mean is golden isn't it it
was oh he's about to say by the way that
slavery comes from capitalist spoiler
alert sorry sorry I just spoiled the
next part of the video but he's about to
say that like oh well the reason why
people are racist is because of class
and class warfare and [ __ ]
that's what's happening next by the way
when institutions with centralized power
which actively withheld and
propagandized climate information in
previous decades race has been
propagandized in mostly the same ways
albeit much more heavily and for
centuries rather than decades so to
repeat the question when we're talking
about a co-op in a hypothetical
socialist world where no one has any
kind of capital to unilaterally control
the information flow why are these
workers racist so let there's different
types of capital beyond just financial
capital and if you're gonna sit here and
tell me about some ideal society where
nobody has financial capital of course
other types of capital is going to exist
as well for instance social capital and
no socialist utopia or two people always
going to be taking the same and in a
given point of time an older person
might be taking more serious than the
younger person the manager of a co-op
might be taken more seriously than just
one of the lower workers like there's
like other there's a million everybody
don't don't pretend that like nobody can
have any capital to spread
misinformation or whatever that's
absolutely not true well no one has any
kind of capital to unilaterally control
the information flow why are these
workers racist so let's assume that axon
was a democratically organized co-op no
obscenely powerful individual is able to
simply decide that their interests take
priority over everyone else's lives in
the situation where power is
democratically distributed in the
factory Exxon most likely could not have
you literally decided to withhold
Michele I'm a chronically distributed in
the factory Exxon most likely could not
have unilaterally decided to withhold or
manipulate information on climate change
why because the decision isn't just left
to one rich [ __ ] or a few rich [ __ ]
with ownership of the means of
production and a profit motive
thanks to commodity production if I
worked at Exxon and saw report that
provided evidence that axons activity
was contributing to killing the planet
I'd want that to be made public ASAP Wow
I do understand not everyone is like me
and it is theoretically possible people
would vote against releasing the report
but the point is that Marvin B glazier
the Environmental Affairs manager at
Exxon at the time could never have
unilaterally directed that the report
should be restricted to Exxon we have a
strong manner scare Oh Nick horn emote
for Halloween here's some financial
capital Thanks and not distributed
externally you just acknowledged the
biggest problem people could vote so
that no one outside sees it checkmate
leftist you [ __ ] you idiot sure but the
point is that structurally speaking no
one person or small group of people
would have to say on whether or not the
report has made public because no one
person or small group of people has
direct control over the information
economy surrounding it and if someone
did have that authority it would be
revocable and they would have had to
have been voted into that position yeah
well I don't want to talk about this
factories origin story I just want to
make up a factory that makes me right
one of the one of the reasons why I
brought up the thirty black workers 70
were white worker hypothetical is
because I was curious if you had a power
structure that was completely democratic
how would you resolve disputes between
your workers 30 black 70 whites whites a
racist what did the black people do
notice how the analogy that he drew on
in order to show that a democratic
workplace works
notice how the problem that he drew on
was one that unites the workers right
like climate change or destruction the
environment instead of a problem that
divides the workers so his analogy
doesn't even fit it's completely dissing
algis because it analyzes a separate
problem if you want to tell me that a
democratically affected workplace might
be able to more adequately address
problems that negatively impact all the
workers yeah that's probably true I
would admit that of course that may be
giving every single workers say might
improve conditions for all the workers
more so than just having like management
decisions yeah sure that's probably true
that's not very a controversial I think
most people to agree with that but the
problem that I brought up was what if
you have a divided workplace with no
management structure you have a divided
workplace that's voting for policies
that disproportionately impact some
workers over the other how do you
resolve those problems and capitalism
you have a capital owner that
unilaterally makes those decisions and a
co
system everything is socially owned and
if most of the people there are racists
it seems like those groups of people
would be [ __ ] so my problem is one in
which the workers are divided but his
his his analogy to this his hypothetical
to address my hypothetical has a problem
where the workers can have a united
front it's a bad analogy it actually
completely fails to address mind at all
I wonder if we'll go back to it spoiler
alert probably not if Exxon was a co-op
with democratic accountability with
holding a report like that would be an
obvious misuse of a positions power
assuming a position like environmental
effects are long I'm sorry bear is max
wanna make up a factory that makes me
right if Exxon was a co-op with
democratic accountability with holding a
report like that would be an obvious
misuse of a positions power assuming a
position like Environmental Affairs
manager even existed in the first place
the situation isn't stationary it
develops as people think critically the
context of such a situation is that
Exxon and most likely everything else
would have to be set up entirely
different from how it is now so if the
pretend factory were set up
democratically if the voters voted on a
charter and agreed-upon standards
intended not to centralize power among
anyone specifically I think it's fairly
unreasonable to assume the entire 70%
majority of white workers are racist
because they voted to enter into that
agreement with 30 black people whether
or not it's implemented perfectly as
power among anyone specifically I think
it's fairly unreasonable to assume the
entire 70% majority of white workers are
racist because they voted to enter into
that agreement with 30 black people
whether okay well now you're just
kicking the can down the road now you're
saying well in my society nobody well
okay so tell me how can your coop not be
racist my coop can't be racist really
what if you erase people on it nope it
is in order to come into my co-op you're
not allowed to be racist oh like okay
what if you got a bunch of white people
that want to form a co-op then and not
allow black people in it now what do you
do right I mean we you're just you're
moving the problem back one you haven't
given me a way that
problem address racism you're just
saying oh well Michael there are no
racist because they would never enter
coop with black people well okay what do
you do about places that don't want to
do anything with black people like for
instance what if you have liked a cake
shop in Colorado that says we don't
wanna sell cakes to gay people or what
if you have banks that say I don't want
to loan money to black people or what if
your business to say I don't want to
hire people that are transgender or of a
certain ethnic group like now you've
just kicked the can down down one road
recursively right like or not it's
implemented perfectly the ideal of
democracy these people subscribe to
would imply they don't want to racially
marginalize the 30% black minority of
workers as they are entering into a
democratic arrangement where black votes
count as much as white ones which is not
even the case with the u.s. presidential
election but let's generously say that
55 percent of the 70 white workers in
this factory are prone to make
consciously racist decisions so that's
more than half about thirty-nine racist
workers to be exact so when the racist
votes come up the thirty black people
combined with the 31 white people who
are not racist okay I like young people
dude how many [ __ ] black slaves did
we have what is this mad like okay well
let's assume that some whites are racist
I guess okay they're still gonna be way
more non racist whites they're gonna
rise up for the black then why didn't we
have [ __ ] slavery in this country for
[ __ ] how many how many years when we
like over a hundred and some whatever
slate how long slavery existed in United
States 90 years 89 years why did we have
slavery here for so long and then after
wait 200 years wait it lasted and about
half the states till 1865 then I was
promoted by now and by the 13th minute
200 years why did we have slavery her
for so [ __ ] long if people like non
racist whites would just like join the
the black people and and rise up and
stop it or or pass that even civil
rights up until 1964 whatever right well
like why would we have any of this
racist [ __ ] at all like all the non
racist whites should just join with the
black people and then these problems
ever exist like 89 in the US but it
existed in the colonies Pryor sure
61% of the vote a pretty capital honors
had far more incentive to keep racism
alive in the country except that's not
even necessarily true like today like
racism and all that [ __ ] sells way worse
than than more friendly PC messages
which is why people like [ __ ] Peter
even posting on [ __ ] YouTube right
all these other social network platforms
are like aggressively curtailing this
type of content like that's not even
true like the north industrialized like
a [ __ ]
and they didn't necessarily rely on
slavery to do it like in some cases
people say that's why the North had a
better chance of winning the war why the
North pushed for non slavery so much is
because their industrialization and
their and their capital I carried them
into a world where they didn't even need
slavery so I don't even know if that
point is necessarily true that oh well
capitalism is what kept them as slaves I
don't know if that's a that's true I've
only seen one paper and it might be a
contested topic but there was a paper
that slavery even held the South back
economically if anybody has a link to
this or if I have it on my google
keeping go look at it but like Destin
that was a joke okay comfortable margin
a question I think should be asked is
why would seventy racist white workers
say I really don't like the blacks but I
would really like to start a factory
where everyone gets equal say in the
situation including the blacks who I
consciously considered to be subhuman
that is to say what set of conditions
would lead to the creation of this
factory
I feel like this hypothetical situation
would require circumstances that are
extremely unlikely you could make the
case that subconscious bias would
manifest in vote results sure that's
true they definitely could but we've
also already made the point that this
happens in the status quo where the way
power is arranged specifically
incentivizes it now it's already a
problem so why shouldn't we try to do it
a different way I'm sorry but the idea
a worker owned cooperative been
democratically agreed upon that black
workers individually have exactly the
same ownership and power as white
workers who supposedly hate them is
probably not something that would happen
in the first place this hypothetical
doesn't really make sense
racism assuming it is rampant enough
that every single white person is
consciously racist to the
point where they will explicitly vote to
harm black people would have to be dealt
with during the founding of this factory
for it to progress to the point the
hypothetical assumes that is to say it's
extremely unlikely anyone could actually
negate the contradictions of this
premise because it seems like no
realistic sequence of events could
actually lead to it
so like somebody in chat brought this up
I don't know if you guys are familiar
with this but like I'm pretty sure it
literally says in the [ __ ]
Constitution like all men are created
equal right we said that but we still
have [ __ ] slaves okay you could just
as easily do this with a [ __ ] co-op
okay like we like all white men are
created equal nope it does not say that
it does not say that that is not the
verbage of the Constitution or the
Declaration of Independence or whichever
[ __ ] [ __ ] ass document it was
it's literally a Republican meme besides
one word can untie your little democracy
not utopia no one likes no one wants and
yet enough people were stupid enough to
vote for the word is a portmanteau of
Britain and exit it's exit Nam brexit
Antigo he's going to the breaks at Mia
okay how is he going to address this
let's see how can we blame capitalism on
brexit there's two roads we can go one
road is that new liberal policies
disenfranchised enough people that they
were desperate enough to leave the
European Union so it's actually capitals
and small another road could be that
blatant advertising from capitalists
brought it about but that does it make
sense because capitalists didn't do it
it has to be the former that neoliberal
policies disenfranchised enough people
that has to be it right there are like
extreme lefty positions that oppose that
oppose being a part a part of the
European Union let's see it lets see
which ready takes democracy arguments
seem to inevitably mention the supposed
ultimate failure of democracy brexit
this
where every day people had control and
it [ __ ] everyone over apparently
checkmate [ __ ] whoa hey
that's an ableist slur I mean you're an
oppositional character saying the
opposite of what I think but why would
you say that because as a character I
represent the kind of person who would
say that I mean you Peter coffin wrote
everything I'm saying and you're playing
me as a character you're using aesthetic
imitation to highlight the difference
between what this character represents
and what the overall video represents
one of the people who inspired this cold
smug [ __ ] who regularly uses neroli
typicality as an insult and this
acknowledges it while also functioning
as a juxtaposition to emphasize the kind
of person this video is arguing against
I'm gonna have to concede to that cuz
you're right context does specifically
create the point of a punch line book I
mean I totally forgot a lot of
statements and satirical fiction like
these segments aren't really made to be
taken at face value so brexit was a
failure of democracy hard to qualify I
won't be engaging in a general value
judgment of the European Union here
deciding of the EU is good or probably
because he's got a big lefty fan base
that [ __ ] hates that you as well so
he doesn't want a defendant Griff much
got him bad requires significant
demographics of a coop will never change
what if it starts all white doesn't
include racial equality and then gets
black people oo in a section of a video
that isn't about the EU the position I'm
working from is that the EU embodies a
lot of the problems of neoliberalism but
there are also some things which might
make it a preferable situation to brexit
not only is there a real possibility of
shortages of basic necessities like food
gasoline and medicine but there are also
a number of EU supported laws regulating
labour social rights business and
finance which would just no longer
affect Britain anymore
leaving would also ensure further
privatization in the economy welfare and
probably most scary for those on the
margins public services feel more
comfortable that my money would return
value if I was able to do that through
the market place of an insurance company
but just that's trustingly part of the
reason for that would be that the EU
would require Britain to negotiate a new
trade deal with the United States and if
you know anything about us you know that
a whopping 17% of our gross domestic
product is private health care spending
over three point five trillion dollars a
year we don't have a public health care
system we have a private one and that's
why it costs so much the people in
institutions that own that industry have
the kind of money that can lobby pretty
well and the [ __ ] running this place
is on their side do you think that with
a brexit NHS would survive in its
nationalized form well
I'm skeptical look I think everything
with the trade deal is on the table when
you when you're dealing and trade
everything's on the table so NHS or
anything else or a lot a lot more than
that but everything will be on the table
absolutely can you imagine all those
stupid idiots losing that just because
they voted to screw themselves over
I mean that's not what they were voting
for though as a broad message that we're
told Britt oh no hold on are we about to
say the climate change vote is an easy
binary yes or no
but brexit was actually a far more
intricate issue and that's and people
were voting as a what did I say earlier
who's gonna say it's a rejection of
neoliberal policies is that what we're
going to oh boy
it was going to get to decide its own
destiny and more specifically they were
told things like the NHS was going to
get access to 350 million pounds Britain
would otherwise send to the EU every
week when in reality a highly regarded
indispensable public service like the
NHS would become more vulnerable than
ever before hi i wolf dead
oh boy I just woke up from a coma time
to watch my favorite Nebraskan leftist
streamer Angela why the polling data I
saw somebody in Chad just mentioned this
maybe you guys can find out I might need
the source for this my the polling
didn't dice I was at the number one
reason why people voted for Briggs it
was because of immigration I don't want
to say racism but immigration was like
the leading cause of why people were so
like hype on greg's I think it's
reasonable to assert at least part of
the point of brexit is to undermine a
number of public institutions to force
one or more national crises that can be
exploited to undemocratically push
through controversial policies while
people are too occupied by disasters to
mount any kind of effective resistance
this concept is the basis of Naomi
Klein's the Shock Doctrine the rise of
disaster capitalism ten years ago I
published the Shock Doctrine an
investigation that spanned four decades
from Pinochet's us back in 1970s Chile
to Hurricane Katrina in 2005 I noticed a
brutal and recurring tactic by
right-wing governments after a shocking
event a war
a terrorist attack market crash or
natural disaster exclude the public's
disorientation suspend democracy push
through radical policies that enrich the
1% at the expense of the poor and middle
class given that there were a number of
wealthy business people involved in the
promotion of brexit everyone from Sir
James Ratcliffe the richest man in
Britain as of this writing and big papa
suck James Dyson himself the vacuum man
it's reasonable to assume there's
financial incentive to back brexit where
Sir James Radcliffe is there though
isn't brags it opposed by almost like
every [ __ ] business corporation
financial institution that exists in
London like aren't all the horrible
neoliberal economists like writing
article after article about how [ __ ]
horrible the [ __ ] brexit and
everything when that when the brexit
[ __ ] was first a none of the vote was
done the FTSE 100 and 250 both like
[ __ ] plummeted the value of the pound
plummeted whoo I could be totally wrong
are they're actually like are they're
actually all these business owners in in
in London in the United Kingdom that
were Perot brexit did this happen cuz
everything I read coming out of like the
new liberal shill section was that they
were like pretty adamantly against this
happening apparently maybe some
extremely rich people were in favor of
it but this owns a company called nao
safe privately owned UK multinational
chemicals company and volatile chemicals
and has constantly moaned about EU taxes
well the vacuum man has complained for
years that he has had to put a label
about how energy-efficient his dyson
cleaners are on the Dyson clean earth
less specifically whether or not you
love the EU the likely wave of
privatization that renegotiation of
trade deals would enable would
effectively hand publicly-owned an
accountable services and institutions to
the highest bidder which would often
mean us capitalists ironic as though
that would be as Britain was the
original Empire now the government fully
owning and undemocratically operating
these things isn't democracy either
it's obviously also an instance of
centralization of power however if laid
out plainly most would probably agree
it's less objectionable to centralize
that power in the UK
which again is at least partially
accountable to everyone on the electoral
roll rather than centralizing it with an
individual or small group of people with
the profit motive who are mainly
accountable to themselves for now not
only do wealthy capitalists have
significant power in the financial
economy but it is that economic power
specifically which affords significant
power in the information economy which
is for some reason operating as a market
ways that reason is neoliberalism on
this channel I've said about a million
times that attention is currency in the
marketplace of ideas following that the
marketing industry is in a sense a
currency exchange where people put fiat
money in and get attention money back
when we fill in every like foundational
[ __ ] like neoclassical economics
claim is always going to support some
giant body that is highly integrated
like the European Union something that
pushes for ideas like liberalization of
trade free movement shared currency
maybe like like I don't understand how
you I would be shocked and my I would be
shocked if you could go from a
neoclassical economist to to find a
person who's like oh yeah I'm real big
on like neoclassical economics I think
that like protectionism and closed
borders and you know you know reduction
in trade tariffs trade barriers I think
that's all really good that what the
[ __ ] neoliberal foreign policy is
literally defined by these super
national organizations yeah like details
here we see how undemocratic brexit
actually is Robert Mercer is an American
billionaire who made his money with
artificial intelligence driven
investments up until May 1st 2018 he
also co-owned Cambridge analytical a
now-defunct subsidiary of now-defunct UK
influence operations firm called
strategic communication laboratories SCL
had previously contracted for military's
operating in the developing world doing
elections management and volatile
chemicals
note that this didn't mean provided
infrastructure for elections but rather
it meant engaging in psychological
warfare
to manipulate elections in countries
that were likely under duress do too oh
I don't know maybe a military occupying
the country or something like that
my name is Christopher Wiley I'm a data
scientists and I helped set up camera
channel Innoko it's incorrect to call
Cambridge analytically sort of data
science company or an algorithm you know
company you know it is a full service
propaganda machine if you can control
all the streams of information around
your opponent's you can in fluently
receive battle space and you can then
influence behavior yeah Mercer and Steve
Bannon head of Breitbart a right-wing
propaganda organization we've been shown
to repeatedly print false information in
use by spring or Ken is co-owned by
Robert Mercer both became Hadley
involved and or investing the u.s. range
of SEL with their involved in the
company as well they subcontract firms
like you employer might care about any
of this do you learning and dating
through Facebook the target voters in
the UK with highly individualized
psychological operations similar to that
of the elections management it had done
as SD island developing nations albeit
more technologically advanced their
machines use an incomprehensibly large
amount of personal data harvested from
millings of people's Facebook profile to
find individualized emotional triggers
we would know what kinds of messaging
you would be susceptible to including
the framing of it to the topics the
contacts its own whatever scary or not
that kind of thing so what you be
susceptible to and where you're gonna
consume that one fact to be created
velocity p8 it whatever it is that we
think this target profile be respected
to we will create content on the
internet for them to finds and then I
see not gonna go down the rabbit hole
instead of standing in a public square
and saying what you think and then
letting people come in listen to you and
how about your experience is what you
are what you are narrative is you are
whispering into the ear of each and
every voter and you maybe was bring one
thing this winter and another thing to
another voter this was achieved in
multiple ways but one was particularly
dicey was creating a personality quiz
that just flat out ask people questions
about their emotional triggers you know
questions along those lines the quiz was
branded in a not too its way blank data
wasn't being recorded for engaging in
all the information about you from
Facebook but also this often crawls
through your social network
also and so that means I'll need to
engage 50,000 people exactly upwards of
50 million plus the quiz went viral with
over six million people hanging over
answers to questions specifically about
their personality keeping in mind the
projects like Prager you for instance
spend tens of thousands of dollars a
week on Facebook advertising it's
reasonable to assume the same thing
happened with this quiz given the money
answer this you find it using the
psychological profiles they obtained in
this and other ways personalized
propaganda was disseminated and I lose
everything from standalone Facebook post
the links to sites like Breitbart
can you do that like sure you can post
things on Facebook you can lie to hell
you can even tell the truth in your
posts but do you have the money to
directly target millions of
do you have decades of experience
manipulating elections in developing
nations and for the data to
individualize your psychological warfare
have you considered it's not just about
getting people to vote a certain way
like it maybe about discouraging people
who vote against you from voting
altogether and couldn't camera general
it could just be a co-op like what is
what do we I don't even well arguing
against here anymore
this isn't about individual wealthy
capital owners like this could literally
just be a co-opted as Cambridge
analytical deals from like other
companies I want to work with them like
you guys have no idea okay Wow the
triggering that I've been fighting this
whole time okay I am being carotid
relentlessly I'm trying so hard okay
I'm gonna use the restroom quitting get
a Red Bull I'm sorry I'm almost 100
percent following that the marketing
industry is in a sense a currency
exchange where people put fiat money in
and get attention money back when we
fill in the details here we see how
undemocratic brexit actually is Robert
Mercer is an American billionaire who
MIT you can't do any of that you don't
have the means to is that an actual
democratic distribution of power I don't
think it's absurd to say no it's not it
is extraordinary and Alif there should
be anywhere near democracy get to be
queen of voters where information is
coming from it's not transparent open
words coming from the basic questions of
whether you're actually a vago democracy
or not if just nine point nine percent
of people who are registered to vote but
didn't vote had voted remain then remain
would have won the brexit referendum to
emphasize how few people that is it's
less than two percent of the British
population if you want to fundamentally
change society you first break it say
it's less than two percent of the
British population if you going oh [ __ ]
hey what's up I'm not the one that's
claiming that I have better words than
you you're the one that said that I hide
behind here's some ground rules you must
