you hate the troops why dying for you
isn't enough for you I'm just kidding
mom I don't really hate the troops oh
this is gonna be at the new the new
weekly stream segment it's talking to my
mom on skype I don't really hate the
troops I'm being sarcastic because every
time somebody brings up a good point you
guys always say why do you guys hate the
troops like when people kneel during do
you think that people that kneel during
the national anthem hate the troops I
think people who kneel for the against
the national anthem hate and disrespect
our country including the troops that
die for it so you're not allowed to ever
protest the flag why do we even have a
first test but there's a difference
between protests and spitting and
somebody who's doing something for you
okay how are you supposed to protest in
the United States so that somebody's
feelings don't get hurt can you tell me
like an accepted way of doing it I know
I just want to know I'm curious I'm just
curious
I want to know what the way is well it
seems like every single time black
people figure out a new way to protest
they're not allowed to do it you know I
wouldn't know how useful suppose I want
to know how you're supposed to play ball
I want to know how you're supposed to
protest in the United States can you
tell me so what are the signs to let us
say if the sign said like if the signs
have anything bad about the flag on it
that counts as hating the troops or I
just want to know what an acceptable cuz
kneeling during the national anthem
doesn't seem like that big of a deal of
course it doesn't to you well it doesn't
because I'm American and I love our
first time at I wrote the [ __ ] crazy
country you came why did you join the
airforce if you don't even know what you
know because you don't like something
something's not right go fix it why
wouldn't you go why not go to like why
not go why not go to Cuba or go back to
whatever the Cuban place because you
want to make it so that if anybody
protests the flag they're disrespecting
the military
that's some crazy totalitarian shape no
you can't it's like so what it's are
they just supposed to like get on
Twitter and say I am NOT happy with
America right now
why and what should be done instead of
just people who were saying why and what
should be done people were saying people
just a confrontation and guess what they
got one
yeah they got they got body cameras on
police officers they got a national
dialogue on the way that cops trade
black people we're talking about it now
aren't we how is it disgusting you don't
get wait so you don't deserve you don't
deserve what you have in the United
States because you protest who you know
that you swear an oath to the
Constitution under the president right
you do and all the airforce stuff a
pretty big part of the Constitution is
being able to protest your country and
even your military if you want to you
know so you're not allowed to print
that's what you're saying basically is
that like you can't protest because
you're not fixing something a plague
word game you're the one that says you
hate the military if you protest the
flag it's just a flag they do try to fix
it one of the ways that you fix things
is to protest things publicly you start
a national dialogue when blacks got shot
before without being allowed to protest
at what point in human history do we
need to go back to in the United States
when we were more civilized was it when
we lynched black people for speaking out
against the whiteness that's not that
far in the past mom you were a kid you
weren't like a teenager during the civil
rights era how far back in the okay so
what point in in the United States
history do we need to go back to okay
you know that like a larger number of
people are insured under the Affordable
Care Act and they're gonna lose their
health insurance and a lot of them are
gonna be totally [ __ ] in life
and I still good calls for Obamacare but
nobody calls you for Obamacare that's
not even how it works you have TRICARE
you have military hellbitch you're like
you're evil like what you're saying
right now is Liddy you are you're
uninformed and you're using your
horrible [ __ ] views on nobody [ __ ]
calls you for Obamacare oh [ __ ] this is
insanity hold on I'm gonna I'm gonna ask
you a question this is this is a really
this is a really mean question okay but
can you tell me what do you think what
do you think Obamacare is what do you
think Obamacare even is well no we did
it because the Republicans were too
inept to actually pass another
healthcare program they just defunded it
there we didn't leave the ACA the
Republicans defunded it because your
party is too [ __ ] stupid to put
together another plan to replace it so
let's get that firstly the Republicans
had no plan you had eight years to come
up with a replacement if they didn't do
it they didn't do it so you have nobody
to blame the Republicans have nobody to
blame yourself okay now I want to know I
want you to tell me because I want I
want you to tell me because you hate it
okay I want you to tell me cuz you hate
it so much
what is the Affordable Care Act do you
know anything about it at all so there
are people that's that's strange because
under the ACA you get a huge subsidy if
you can't afford the insurance if you
it's even higher than the doctor no they
can't they'd have to file bankruptcy
white where do you get this yes you do
why do you think that over half of all
bankruptcies in United States were filed
because of medical
issues do you think all those people
were just dumb when you want to fix
something you approach it in a civilized
manner with solutions whereas the
Republicans replacement plan then
subject stop changing the subject where
is the Republican replacement for our
health care is now Republican replace
okay so we've established shootings one
there is no Republican place proposed
around here and two you don't even know
what the ACA is and you hate it so much
you hate it so much and you don't even
know what it is if I you hate yes Obama
care who is them that are Jewish
overlords who which one who which who is
the worthless pieces of trash but not
people like not people like Flynn or not
the none of those geysers or Cohen or
the military you did security clearances
I know I know I know Mom
you flew on the looking glass I know for
a fact that you guys had security
clearances probably the TSS sea-ice [ __ ]
I know that you filled out do you guys
do sf-86 is for militaries not only for
contractors I know that you had a
security clearance why are you sitting
here why are you lying to me why are you
lying to me and telling me they oh he
just said of life we're talking about
Flynn right now if you were to lie if
you would take attentionally if you
would intentionally lie okay
it it's just it makes me sad that you
have a strong opinion of something that
has a very real impact on people's lives
and you don't even know anything about
it that makes me really upset I'm not
tearing everything down mom the
Republicans mom the Republicans the
Republicans mom they're Republicans
literally defunded the ACA with no
replacement that is the definition of
tearing everything down I don't know how
you could say then why are more people
insured today than what were before the
ACA mom but that's what the Republicans
did that's what we did though
that's what the Republicans did though
what do you mean no the Republicans
voted to defund the ACA by getting rid
of the individual mandate that is the
death what do you mean who are all of
these people getting uninsured these
people don't exist
which that why some people lost their
doctors that was a bad mistake by Obama
should have said that but that doesn't
mean that everybody lost their insurance
I'm not taking everybody's insurance
without having a way to replace it
that's strange because that's what the
Republicans did but I am sure what is
the solution that the Republicans
proposed to the ACA Wolin without
dancing to another question or bringing
up Obama what solution do the
Republicans have for health care now
that they've defunded the ACA can you
answer that question without talking
about Obama that doesn't bother you
okay now imagine for one second try to
have some empathy for somebody else okay
this should be easy for you because you
thought you were Catholic I don't know
if you're actually Christian
I can't tell okay okay okay okay well I
don't I don't okay so as a as a
Christian okay try let's try to have
some empathy okay okay sure a human
being okay you're Republicans aren't
good on that human being stuff so I'm
gonna try to get that go the religion
angle okay so as a human being there are
people right now in the United States of
America that are going to lose their
health insurance because the Republicans
have defunded the ACA what do you tell
those people when no solution has been
provided okay how many people got
insurance under ACA let's look up the
numbers an average of eleven point four
people eleven point four million people
are expected to be enrolled in Obamacare
policies during 2017 so what do you tell
these people know that are going to lose
their policy that the Republicans voted
to get rid of without any replacement
anybody is able to use it if you have it
that was part of if you can't afford if
you can't afford the copay as somebody
that actually does their own taxes okay
and as somebody that's actually read the
ACA [ __ ] requirements okay if you're
not able to make any of those co-pays or
those payments you get massive credits
to your taxes so that the ACA shoe it is
that simple we can look it up right now
it's on the federal government website
that Trump still controls you can if you
if you can't afford it you get massive
credits for it so that it's cheaper for
you what I'm literally just quoting you
what it is because the facts are like
not the thing we want to debate whining
I'm not gonna lose my [ __ ] I'm [ __ ]
fine my husband's not dying a [ __ ]
prostate cancer I'm doing okay I'm
healthy I make [ __ ] toe Turk a year
I'm not the one that's gonna get [ __ ]
when all this [ __ ] goes south it's the
other people this is why it's called
having empathy for people okay
like for the people that are literally
going to lose their health insurance
that have no coverage okay what do you
tell those people who the Republicans
have provided absolutely no solution for
no they don't qualify for Medicare
that's the problem is that the cutoff
wasn't big enough for these people these
are where the 11 million people that got
insurance come from like what you're
talking right now is literal evil like
you have no concern whatsoever for these
people going from health care to
Medicaid no they don't qualify for
Medicaid people like no because Medicaid
coverage hasn't been expanded to cover
these people they didn't qualify for it
before this is the definition of the
working poor will you make enough money
so they don't qualify for the best
government programs but you still don't
have enough money to actually survive
these are all of the people
when you destroyed our health and
because our health insurance was already
destroyed you just don't know because
you had TRICARE your whole [ __ ] life
because you were babysat by the Air
Force you have no idea what it's like to
get insurance as a normal human being no
you can't mom I will give you five I'll
pay for a new roof on your house if you
can find me the numbers that show me
that more people lost their insurance
under the ACA mom mom what you're
talking about is fantasy that you can't
substantiate with any number you're
making [ __ ] up you're literally telling
me a [ __ ] fairy story this is not
true maybe a couple people lost their
health insurance but these are anomalies
these are way outside the norm I said
why do we wear the numbers that agree
with you which ones the ones where
people were screaming at where
Republicans got scared and stopped
showing up because their constituents
were so mad they're just an all-right
terror attack like yesterday what do you
mean okay I need to focus on my video
games okay maybe but that's because
you're in an extremely lucky position
mom when Jesus went around and he was
helping all the sick people he didn't go
to the [ __ ] middle income people he
went to the poorest of the poor to help
them because they're the ones that need
to help the most they don't know that's
the problem in America is a lot of you
Republicans have a I got mine [ __ ] you
you go get yours somewhere else
it isn't baloney no that's why
Republicans never want to do anything
your taxes it's no we don't need [ __ ]
volunteers House what for me
I don't understand how like everything
that I learned like growing up about
like all the Christian [ __ ] is like
fanfiction to you like you don't care
about it at all I'm not hallucinating
like if you go through and you read
because they don't they're dying who's
helping the homeless people in the
United States who are overrepresented
when it comes to mental illness right
all the literal [ __ ] people that are
[ __ ] homeless on the street who's
helping these people right in the last
eight years Obama doesn't go out on the
streets and help homeless people what do
you mean first of all first of all first
of all you don't need an address in the
United States to vote first
this is reality
okay that's reality
I would love to see some of these
Republicans that were put in jail for
feeding people out of trucks
I would I would love to see it but don't
start with Breitbart calm or Daily
Caller
or the conservative Tribune or whatever
other crazy [ __ ] okay
okay I got to focus on my game okay okay
I love you I love you too are you coming
over some time to hang out yes okay let
me know I gotta run for you okay buddy
goodbye goodnight [ __ ] me start sourcing
claims to your mom know these
Republicans like don't believe in
sources it's impossible did you mom ever
spank you destiny because she [ __ ]
beat your ass down and destroyed in that
debate call child abuse also gachigasm
did your mom really think that homeless
people shouldn't vote well she probably
thinks the Democrats gave a bunch of
illegal homeless people a legal citizen
homeless people the right to vote is
probably what she was getting at can you
tell me why you seem to care a little
for relations what you saw good Russia
hurts
um I don't know divas are your parents
right they invested a lot of time and
money and [ __ ] into making sure you'd
survive your childhood and everything
[Music]
