all right well how you guys doing today
all right mom how's it going
I'm doing great so what do we what are
we talking about in here today move some
bands on Twitter weren't you yeah I lose
track of all the [ __ ] [ __ ] that
people say to me though so I'm not sure
what what are we gone and what are we
going it on this time that was mainly it
was mainly a freedom of speech is the
original argument that we had originally
was a nasty censorship do you remember
the disagreement was about what about it
yeah the tweet that you made it was
something I'm totally against censorship
but okay and then you were sort of
pleasing some guy who got his ear to
account taken don't and it's just
obviously any any statement they enter
the town bot is obviously a lie and then
even today as well when you use super
send a tweet to me saying that you want
proof you speech in your parole doesn't
prefer that then and the next week he
says that even though you used to have
an anti censorship stance you said he'll
actually says there you would want me
and the rest of the skeptic community
apparently I'm a part of as you and your
fans keep saying there you would be
quite happy for the older taking off 12
yeah so I used to be so the reason why I
was surprised what you're saying I'm not
sure what that would tweet you're
originally referring to I may have
laughed at somebody getting their
Twitter thing down I usually don't um I
was pretty anti D platforming of pretty
much everybody when Sargon's Twitter
went down I think I expressed
condolences and Sargon even thanked me
on Twitter but that's generally the
sense that I've had with most people
those views have changed recently so I
was just kind of curious what we were
talking about in the past were
supposedly I was like really anti-free
speech because I'm one of the most or at
least I was one of the most like
stringent like free speech ask guys that
I had ever known on Twitter like even
compared to right leaning people well
most right leaning people are oftentimes
very hypocritical of it because they
launch like anti flagging like a
harassment flag campaigns against
YouTube videos and [ __ ] while
simultaneously decrying the left for
doing it so but I mean is all right to
do that the old way are known for doing
as far as I know people from the example
all they or just don't stand up
conservatives there
really known for that yeah maybe but
there ought they all run in the same
crowds and everything especially these
days so really though okay all I know is
that I see like Richard Spencer and Andy
wear ski all hanging together Andy were
ski going up like the daily show and
[ __ ] so it kind of makes me wonder and
then people like Lawrence other--and who
I wouldn't consider alright
or at least I don't think so our friends
with people kind of like Nick Fuentes
and James all sup so it all kind of it
all it gets a little jumbled for me I
guess but I think I think it's because
like a on the rate side of politics
people are still friends with each other
even if they have a different you know
definitely opinions whereas they on the
Left those the most and fate and regards
to politics happens on the left peg time
because they like to purely test each
other a hell of a lot people people
aren't allowed to do that and that's a
problem with people in the left but I'm
not talking about being friends with I'm
talking about not calling out the views
of so for instance if I take a skeptical
centrist and I look at their YouTube
channel and the entirety of their body
of work is just laughing at pink-haired
tumblr arenas and sjw's it kind of
leaves me wondering what their political
alignment is maybe it's just being
people like the funny and ridiculous
I mean I guess there's plenty of people
on the right that you could find funny
and ridiculous but for some reason
they'll know they'll know quake is
ridiculous is the fall a trump is pretty
[ __ ] hilarious my dude I mean unless
you're like so concerned with finding
people on Twitter or or crying in
YouTube videos if that's like the
entirety of your content I mean oh no I
think there's a lot of right leaning
people that are pretty funny but the
whole Roy Marsh it was really funny too
but I don't see anybody anybody in the
skeptics fear you know making fun of the
fact that the DNC through their support
again behind a guy that was backed by
Bannen and not even the Republican Party
but I mean that's a lot of limo it does
get made fun of there was a whole entire
stream just last night well literally
every single person was wrapped in an
ill like I mean you know everyone late
lot of limo obviously is rainy season on
conservative and even Andy Wolski and
the middle of the stream was screamin
are literally Colin are a raging [ __ ]
over and over again but personally I
thought was [ __ ] fantastic but like
there are people on the right who all
does agree with each other as well it's
just on the right they're always a lot
more subtle
the voter right is more civilized
because the rate don't turn up to
valleys and you know throw petrol bombs
and bricks and smash buildings and stuff
like that oh that's strange I thought
all this all the data and stats that I'd
seen it had made it seem like there was
more extremist violence on the right
than the left in the u.s. right now I
could look up similar numbers for Europe
I'm not sure what it's like in Europe
but you've obviously seen the footage of
rallies then you trying to say that the
right-wing are far more violent than
antiva or the black bloc as a whole so
when I try to draw my opinions about
which side is more violent I don't look
at footage of a rally I try to look at
numbers and data when you try to
evaluate which side is more violent you
just look at YouTube videos or do you
actually look at numbers I look at the
actual footage of how they conduct
themselves in public yeah I think actual
footage of the way they truly do act and
reality itself is a very good indication
of how the act and reality itself so you
think that watching a couple videos of a
few rallies is more replicable you've
seen every single route you've watched
every single rally that's in multiple
points of footage of in multiple points
of view of every type of rally of all
the right-wing ones of all I don't
recall saying that student okay if
you've obviously looked at every piece
of the earth then you know I can't look
at every said that's why you I usually
look at like data numbers to draw
conclusions because I don't have the
time pieces so basically then that would
mean that you're poor if you try see my
point isn't valid then also so juice if
you've not looked at every single piece
of data by yourself but you're trying to
use that against me as well you can
laugh if you want and [ __ ] today you
know you're [ __ ] stupid I can't even
I knew I should have no I mean like I'm
sorry my mind is blown so you're telling
me that if two people walk into a room
and one guy goes hey so you know I was
looking at some facts and figures about
you know the amount of extremist
violence that has been occurring you
know on the left and right in the United
States let's talk about it and the other
guy goes oh well I've watched a lot of
YouTube videos about rallies you think
that north of their opinions are equally
valid
the boat rallies Steven have seen
footage of the actual rallies YouTube
videos yeah so you think that that is
you do doesn't matter if there's a video
on the news if you're watching an actual
little video I don't think the place is
being hosted and mouse if you're
watching actual videos of events that
happened in real life I don't think well
the video is hosted is even a fact all
and its validity deeply sorry like see
see how up seen footage of the rallies
like a follow people that film
everything at the rallies I do see the
rate fighting back
and I have seen some instances of the
rate instigator they see the vast
majority of the time most of the
violence by far as an Tifa and the black
bloc they are the ones that cause the
violence the other ones that antagonize
the other ones that come up when our
faces come up and [ __ ] [ __ ] dressed
for walnut rate they're the ones that
actually caused the [ __ ] violence
look at Berkeley there was a few rape my
girls that went to go there to like see
my law and see how to talk and stuff
like that and like what happened with
the files
I had was a woman getting hit by the car
and there's been plenty rightly there's
more right-leaning extremist violence of
united states over the past few years
then two wrongs don't make a right
Steven two wrongs don't make a right
yes people on the right way who said the
two wrongs make them right I never said
two wrongs make a right seat nuts he
just touched on that around a good or
well they do this bad thing - no I'm
saying that they do it in return know
the original thing we're talking about
it more in the United States and the
United States no they don't do it more
they definitely don't do it more than
Europe either see if you think anti find
the black box and in the States
I'll but the Panthera and black bulk in
the states are [ __ ] [ __ ] can peel
to the Europeans they are [ __ ]
hardcore they like the Mafia over there
almost do you do you I mean do you want
to go over some data points or do you
not care because you watched YouTube
videos or no it's famously care of
obviously I actually provided you with
you know actual physical evidence
Kisuke then no matter it doesn't matter
no they don't your individual ideas and
individual videos you've watched don't
matter their store
an individual or even it doesn't matter
if you've watched a hundred videos
that's not how data collection works
it's not how intelligent people form
opinions then obviously obviously yeah
Steven banal as an extraordinary
unfathomably intelligent man's no I just
have a basic understanding of why data
collection is important and why
statistics matter and what cognitive
biases are via collection obviously is
important by the way I'm agreeing with
you that the rate does do violent things
the absolute we do what I'm claiming is
nowhere near on the scale of the far
left and we were literally supposed to
be talking about free speech but
obviously that's as well the bantha just
say office away a flight through the
tabs that you already had the open mail
before they came under the streaming
I'll wait till if you're gonna give data
I'm gonna pound through some super Ches
if you need a second yeah knock it knock
yourself out with a super chance five
dollars from King Kamala we must secure
our existence for dago's in the future
of bug pups two dollars from Alfie mama
Laura brought new meaning to cast ladies
in Christ five dollars from The Guardian
all the data on the left and the right
in the us Islam as the leading cause of
terrorism the world followed by
communism stop lying destiny festerin oh
god mean ism in the 2000s what okay yeah
and that's by idea basically yeah a
sleeper idea yeah you guys got oh wait
no go for a knock yourself out
no go ahead sharlinda destiny is a
mental [ __ ] this is embarrassing five
dollars from pop TV Phoebe destiny is
eight fine calories from The Guardian
destiny dank EULA doesn't live in the US
your opinion on just the US doesn't
matter in the overall impact of the
world stage check your bias and where's
destiny sources it's not the ad Allah
right wing watch and Bert Bo bane
observation is how we obtain data nice
who just wait what observation is how we
obtain data that's not true it's not how
we obtain data sorry row thank you
it does seem as if looking up all these
data points and observing the
differences that happen on YouTube
videos are still it still counts no it
does because no it doesn't that's a
negative it doesn't it's it counts
against you for reasons that I can
explain if you want to get into it but
yes it counts against you look at the
actual footage of an event doesn't
verify the event okay yeah if if it's an
event that's happening and it's on lying
and you can see it happening does I not
count does it mean you lied would you
actually be present there for it to
carry I I'm just trying to decide if I
want to run through like the high school
level explanations needed to explain why
firsthand collection of data is prone to
like all sorts of biases I don't know if
I'm like up to the task or not just go
ahead dominate dominate down for me
their destiny don't rate things that you
knew well I do but like I already know
that I'm wasting my breath let's say
that I collected let's say that I have a
hundred videos of white people beating
up black people in United States and I
show you a hundred videos of that does
that prove like some trend does that
prove that all white people are beating
up black people or what I've been sure
that it was a serious problem yeah how
would you know it's a serious problem
you don't know the cars just you've just
showed me a hundred videos of it in a
country of three hundred and thirty
million people in a country of three
hundred thirty million people how do you
know that a hundred videos is a serious
problem that's one way you guys beating
up one black gayness a single event I
would still classed as a problem on a
national level well you were talking
about problems they'll be through that
little national and now
[Music]
yeah let me do the honey I know that
you're quite a smoke guy if there's the
name EDD the hunt left in that goalposts
around I can help you if you want yeah
like if it's to baby I want to kill
myself I five minutes in okay all right
I'm sorry because I target people in the
middle I'm sorry I target people in the
middle so let me back up and explain
this fully I guess so that people can
understand so as a human being you are
prone to all sorts of cognitive biases
as a human being the whole goal of your
evolution are part of the big part of
evolving you as a person and being
successful is your ability to quickly
recognize patterns and then act on set
patterns if you were a person in the
wilderness and something made a strange
noise and a bush the person that walks
open investigates probably gets killed
the person that assumes it's a predator
probably survives etc set our
evolutionary biology memes nice stuff so
typically what we do is we recognize
patterns very quickly now in today's
society we don't need that in in terms
of being able to survive so that pattern
recognition actually manifests itself in
a lot of really disgusting cognitive
biases so here's an example of that
let's say as a child I try to pet a dog
the dog bites me there's a high
probability that I would go through the
rest of my life being very afraid of
dogs because one dog bit me okay this is
an example of a singular event occurring
that radically shapes my opinion about
all dogs because I'm making an
extrapolation that my human mind has
been evolved to make that doesn't suit
me well when it comes to interpreting
lots of data so let's talk specifically
about this example if I go online and I
search for right-wing extremist violence
or left-wing extremist violence I can
probably find hundreds of videos of both
sides of these now depending upon what
my political affiliation is I will
probably be more prone to finding videos
that agree with my particular point of
view this is called confirmation bias
it's very well studied in psychology
nobody disagrees with it if I am a very
right leaning person I'm probably gonna
go online and look more for left-leaning
violent videos while I'm going to follow
right-leaning youtubers that show me
left-leaning violent videos if that's
the only type of media that I consume
and psychology has shown us that people
are more likely to consume media that
agrees with them you're probably going
to come away with the opinion thinking
oh wow look all the lefties are super
violent I don't really see that much
right-leaning violence but I've seen
hundreds of videos of left-leaning
people being violent so this is why when
you enter a conversation with which side
is more vile
it's really silly to go while I've seen
a lot of videos of this because one the
type of videos that you're seeking out
could be prone to individual biases and
- you haven't seen footage of every
single political rally or political
event that has happened all across the
globe such that you could create an
accurate database to assess who's being
more violent this is why this is why
your point of I've watched a lot of
videos is a really silly point that's
unfounded in any type of reality based
conversation applies to use of course
which is why I look for data points
rather than looking at videos what if
how many videos would it take for no
amount of videos I would ever trust
myself to watch individual videos to try
to draw conclusions so I show evidence
watching an event actually happen
you feel that you wouldn't be able to
perceive what that video is truly trying
to show and you basically feel that an
actual evidence of an event happening
isn't enough to prove that that event is
happening the problem isn't that the
event is happening I don't disagree that
events have happened at things like
Charlottesville have happened that
things like an Tifa rallies at the heart
of g20 summit ever have happened these
things have happened that's not the
problem the problem is that the
statements aren't that these events
happen the problem is that you
extrapolate it into statements that
generalize saying things like the left
is more violent than the right because
of these individual data points that
I've collected okay move for example
well have there have been at examples of
right-wing terror attacks I would say it
probably the most modeled famous one is
Timothy McVeigh he's probably the most
famous by far the Oklahoma bombing rate
and there was also a few things done by
the KKK and a few new Nazi groups and
stuff like that as well
those can I picked say probably el
enemies the KKK themselves were classed
as a terrorist group that they are on
the way [ __ ] oh I think in the last
census they were less than 8,000 members
and in a population of seen from fairly
marine that's Jack ship and I would
probably say about a thousand of those
members of FBI informants but I'm
digressing anyway right now as far as
actual rate when terror attacks they do
happen with the election
rather nearly real new a for example we
had one here in the UK our first one the
[ __ ] are very long time I gave more
than people who say the mosque and
killed one guy but when it comes to
actual investigations an actual dia of
right-wing terror attacks most of them
are usually foiled and I don't even not
many I'm not seeing a lot of violence is
coming from I'm seen attempted sometimes
planned but even those that get foiled
le are not on anywhere near as large a
scale as literally hundreds and hundreds
of people showing up and [ __ ] ski
masks putting fire box and say bottles
