okay this guy said hi you don't know me
but I'm a small YouTube that runs a news
channel when you spoke to Jeff Holliday
I criticized you in the comments section
a few people said I should try and sit
down and talk with you and promotion of
that if you have any interest in a
discussion with someone generally on the
right to discuss policy feel free to
drop me a line at your convenience
that's the guy
all right good luck boys my dude what's
up hey man how's it going
I don't know I'm about to find out what
are we talking about today
outline anything here but oh well that's
I'm streaming so don't say anything like
personal or anything like that at work
okay I was watching for reference
I am dawn of the two Clips channel for
everyone who doesn't know me which is
everyone and I am generally available to
be your self-esteem bump and look dumb
on your channel if you need me to okay
anyway that said you made a lot of
criticisms of basically everyone on the
right while talking to Jeff yeah and
then you don't want to talk about the
right never wants to talk policy it's
always really the right word like
bathrooms the skeptics fear on YouTube
but but yeah sometimes yeah so I mean if
we can go big we can go small honestly I
don't know that many of your political
positions outside of what you talked to
Jeff about and that's been six weeks I
did not rewatch it so there's so gotcha
well what did I say to me I guess are
you like vehemently disagreed with uh
you know I don't even remember the
problem I should re-watch the damn
stream but I don't know if there's a
policy position that is currently
tickling your fancy that you argue with
somebody over I'm available for that if
not there's always the popular ones we
do I don't know guns healthcare whatever
you like well [ __ ] I don't know I I
thought I said I thought there's like a
specific thing I guess if they do you
think Trump's doing a good job in office
so far how about that
oh so you're a little bit on the fence
so I think Trump is done probably one of
the worst jobs at least in my living
lifetime a president so far wait so we
can talk about anything Trump related I
guess I'm just kind of curious sure
again we can start popular things should
we start with the wall the most popular
topic Norrell yeah I guess it seems kind
of like a kind of a dumb idea but so I
think the entire discussion with wall
comes down to are you willing to pay the
quantity of money that's gonna be
required for the wall to have fiscal
symbol of an idea
and if we are then we should build it
and if not we should what is that what
is that symbol of an idea what idea are
we talking about we don't like Mexicans
or whether or not we're willing to
whether or no we're going to harshly
enforce immigration policies why don't
we have a wall between US and Canada you
know again if we want a physical symbol
of the idea we probably should okay I I
guess like fiscally so I'm kind of
left-leaning but I'm kind of libertarian
or maybe not libertarian but I believe
in like fiscal responsibility building a
wall to the north of south of our
country to represent an idea seems like
kind of a bad idea I guess that sounds
like a lot of bureaucratic waste seems
absolutely fiscally ridiculous totally
agreed again the the entire debate is
either and you know reality in my
opinion this comes down to you that
we're fiscally ridiculous with
everything and so the pure and simple
fact that is going to cost a lot of
money is almost never a consideration
for the government engaging large
projects so if we're gonna do it it's
because we like the idea of having a
physical wall that by nature of it being
there says no you cannot just hop this
border or at least implies it to people
who I guess this just sounds like like
one of the dumbest things of I'm sorry I
guess like I mean if you want if I guess
it philosophically if you want to take
the position that all government
spending should be done for memes or
whatever then if we are like if we argue
out if we establish that as our
or axiomatic belief of government
spending that government spending should
be focused around like what the best
Mimas then from there we can start to
argue whether or not establishing a meme
wall would be like a responsible way to
manage our government money but without
first accepting that like I'm sure you
realize that this is a pretty untenable
position right they're like we need to
spend a [ __ ] ton of money not only
building the wall but also maintaining
the wall also pissing off our neighbors
and then having to staff the wall that
we should and then add probably another
government department or some [ __ ] to
manage it unless it falls under the DHS
or I don't know I don't know who like
this is a lot of commitment for a meme
right that's a pretty big commitment
it's not a meme Phil and I mean there
there is a pure and simple fact the
matter that people don't start worse
with us because we have giant fluff
military so by nature of having a giant
flag military it's you know well if we
start a war with America
we gotta contend with that thing and I
don't want to do it why I'm sure the
worst of us because we're separated by
oceans and we're not really there's not
many like huge Wars going on right now
like we had a few military went to ban
attacked us but they still bombed Pearl
Harbor
we had been cutting it since I'm pretty
sure that America's military in World
War two was pretty damn big and our
infrastructure to back it up was massive
as well this is why we were Len leasing
things to the Soviets the British this
is why we had a huge [ __ ] army to it
like we did all of we did most of our
work in the web the Pacific Theater
whatever we like our army it's not like
we nuked every single island that we
walked to giant marine core hop
island-hopping campaign that happened
over there but all of that was spin up
that occurred after the war began is the
same reason that we used Sherman tanks
because we could make them at the drop
of a hat like literally sneezing was
another tank okay but you know part of
like your military that right if you
have the ability to spin up a massive
military in like a year that that's
probably part of your military right
like I don't think it should add all
that already like Japan would've been
like okay well we need to stay away from
Pearl Harbor because now the Americans
can attack us like six months sooner
right they're their generals disagree
with you they they came out and said
America's very weak and that makes us
able to attack them so we should do it
now well they were pretty damn wrong I
guess if they were dumb enough to be
wrong and probably I
I know I guess I have a hard time
imagining that like Iraq declares war on
the United States and start shipping
troops off like over the Atlantic Ocean
to come and attack us that's probably
pretty unlikely however there the
military deterrence of having a large
military is there and now I don't know
that if we pick whatever shrinking in
the military you want but assuming that
we did tomorrow
Russia would invade or something I think
that's pretty ridiculous but there is by
nature of the military being there
okay so let's back off the military
thing because it's not too relevant that
was kind of yeah so going going to
little shooting I guess like well show
that that's my premise right yeah that
it works as a deterrent I guess so like
when I look at illegal immigration it
seems like the number of Mexicans that
have been illegally immigrating here has
decreased I think they're actually on a
decline there's like a net negative of
Mexicans or Hispanics whatever in the
country or whatever since some like what
like 10 years ago is a 2008 or something
when the numbers decrease it seems like
there's a massive industry getting
people here illegally in a plethora of
different ways whether it's illegally by
vehicle whether it's by air whether it's
by ocean there's also a ton of people
that like some like half the people that
are here illegally or overstaying visas
and [ __ ] it just seems like that wall
isn't a great idea I've just never
really been sold on it if the wall could
Lake them be like be demonstrated to
actually significantly reduce illegal
immigration I might be a little bit more
in favor of it at that point although
there would still be some things that I
would like to drive first but I don't
know it just doesn't seem to be that
effective well so with the I mean
clearly again no one is actually talking
about building a wall in the northern
border because we don't have a [ __ ] ton
of Canadians who show up right so
address the problem where it lies as
opposed to just under the idea now that
said though there is a razörfist has a
good unknown of the the Mexican
immigration system
illegal immigration system and when she
talks about that basically the Mexican
government can get as tyrannical is at
once and once they reach a certain point
then we get a large flood of illegal
immigration north and to be fair right
at the moment it's not even them mostly
that are immigrating
the Mexican border it's a lot of South
America who is experiencing all of the
financial problems that could be
experienced by countries in a lot of
places down there so they are making a
trek through Mexico and ending up here
but we blame it on the Mexicans
regardless of whether or not it's
actually that sure but I mean if Mexico
seems like it's been improving markedly
like over the past decade I think that's
what a lot of people attribute though
the declining numbers of illegal
immigrants to I I guess I why not like
try to find ways to help Mexico so they
can get like more control over their
country rather than just throwing up a
giant wall and then pretending that that
problem doesn't exist south of the
border that just seems kind of strange
to me apparently because Mexico's not
our problem so you're trying to sell me
the idea of building a massive [ __ ]
wall to the south of the border that
makes it seem like that that's kind of
our problem then well no so if we do
deterrence base things be it a wall
which I will sort of agree that it is
somewhat mean based but again it does
represent a principle so if we are
saying Mexico unfuck your [ __ ] no you
can't use us as a dumping ground for
people who get tired of the Mexican
government being corrupt Mexico will
honestly probably devolve into a
revolution relatively quickly however
will come out greater on the other side
that seems like quite the extrapolation
I don't think the Mexican government
like intentionally dumps people over
here anything and no a lot of the people
that leave are probably people that they
wouldn't want leaving wouldn't for the
most part would be my guest so though
I'm not entirely sure but in the world
of I have no idea if the Mexican
government sits down and like writes a
list of like well Bob should stay and
Joe should go and I seriously doubt that
they do or that they are actually
physically sending people however it
being is it is a outlet pressure release
valve for those who say this system is
untenable and I don't like it I can just
go to the United States and not fix
Mexico it perpetually leaves Mexico
handicapped in a sense of actually
getting better I guess if if they were
like more Mexicans coming I might
believe that but of all the illegal
immigrants here
is what like isn't it like 5 or 6
million of them are Mexican Mexico's got
a population like 130 million people
well so nobody knows and I say that
knowing that that seems like sort of a
cop-out but there is a reality that to
say I know this many Mexicans are here
means that we know every single illegal
immigrants in the country will know but
we have like we've got like estimates it
seems unlikely well it's like 12 or 13
million illegals are probably in the
United States and I think almost half of
them are from Mexico I think oh you're
talking five or six million people but I
would suggest that no revolution in any
country has taken even a majority it has
only taken hey generally rather small
minority who are in fact vocal who say
okay enough is enough
yeah I guess so I mean like I guess so
maybe I maybe it would be good to go
back and establish more core positions
like I don't deny that what you're
suggesting could be true but it just
seems like so unnecessary and it seems
like such a convoluted way to get things
done like rather than working with one
of our largest trading partners with
somebody whose economy our economy is in
some ways dependent on like it just
seems like it would be so much better
than to [ __ ] them and then pray that a
revolution happens and then pray that
things get resolved quickly and then
pray that somebody more radical or
corrupt doesn't step in and then pray
that this like doesn't dramatically
impact things like the automobile
industry oh it's like that seems like
you're leaving so much more up to chance
and it just seems like an irresponsible
path well so the best counter I have to
that is that no one really and myself
included seems to enjoy when we decide
to go tell another country how to run
itself and we are notoriously not very
good at recreating America and other
countries so why don't we don't need to
recreate Mexico I'm not saying we need
to go over in Middle East them but like
I'm pretty sure they're away I'm pretty
sure that Mexico's government doesn't
like the cartels there I'm pretty sure
there are ways that we could work with
the government I'm not talking about
like a Gaddafi or an Assad like to pose
situation like you don't think there's
any way that we can work in like a
greater capacity with the Mexican
government to help them with the cartel
should this is a maybe just be a
fundamentally different view of how a
Mexican government treats the cartels I
am leaning towards that they are almost
in the sense of banana
like except as opposed to corporations
they work with the cartels because
they're I mean if they really and they
were I mean I guess it depends on but
they were willing to do but if they
really want it to go just effectively
declare martial law and get rid of the
cartels they probably could but they
don't so yeah I guess I'm not too sure
if that's necessarily true um that
sounds really untrue I don't I don't
think why wouldn't they so you're saying
that they actually really like their
country being [ __ ] up and they really
like the cartels being there well so
either the government there is in some
way corrupt which is notoriously true of
Mexico and has been for a long period of
time or they are ineffectual in which
case if they if what they were doing is
going hey United States can we borrow I
don't know the army and help us root out
these cartels we would probably be
willing to help them and that could have
happened any time over the past 50 years
but so much as the requests never
happened I guess I don't know I I guess
I guess when I think of the problem
south of the border like if let me put
it this way if the cartels were Muslims
I think that we would have fixed this
problem by now I think it seems like
we're really eager to get involved in
all sorts of other places around the
world for reasons that were pretty
dishonest with our population and the
rest of the world about but when it
comes to Mexico like just building a
wall with one of our largest trading
partners saying [ __ ] god I hope they
figure their own [ __ ] out like this all
sounds incredibly stupid to me like so
much of our automobile industry
especially rests on our trade with
Mexico they are a massive trading
partner we you know we've got that huge
highway that runs north and south
they're part of NAFTA just throwing up a
massive wall when immigration is already
declining when Mexico is already
improving and then writing it off as a
totally lost cause while we would
continue to pump money into places like
[ __ ] Syria it just seems so stupid to
me now that's a little bit of a straw
man I'm not I'm kind of making the
assumption that you're pros here there
or maybe you're not so you would be
consistent there but it just seems like
we invest so much money around the world
doing [ __ ] I don't know why we wouldn't
look south of our border or why we would
say something like Mexico's not our
problem while you're advocating that we
build a massive wall because there is
some problem down there that just seems
like not
and not a good path forward well so I
don't have a prime differently not an
economic protectionist so by all means
if they want to trade then go ahead it's
one of many things I think Trump does
wrong you say oh yeah that's my American
well you know I mean you apply whatever
the hell you want that said though I am
generally against foreign aid so where
with very very few exceptions everywhere
that we're pumping money has gone not
good through most of all of history so
what do you mean we wrote a ton of
programs in places like Africa where
we've like where we've helped to curb a
lot of diseases and we've helped a lot
of humanitarian related to stuff where
you've seen marked improvement in a lot
of countries that we've been supporting
that's that's easy to say as an
aggregate however when we have done
things like foreign aid where we hand
their governments money it is
notoriously used to increase military
and various problems they're going on
there that are not in any way related to
solve the problems however at the same
time wake an example of like a
government that we've supported or we've
tried to support and then they spend all
the money on military what Gaddafi is
probably the best one but I mean he's
gone now however I mean pick one Niger
we punched a pumps a bunch of money to
in in I think 90s and because we were
trying to deal with what it's still the
pirate situation there and it all just
disappeared no one has any idea what
happened to that money but the
government got bigger and more powerful
so I'm not sure so so your deals like
there was more there yeah I don't know
so so because so because some eight has
failed in some places at some point you
think that we should just withdraw all
types of aid
I don't know this sounds like kind of
protectionist now well so I don't think
our government should be doing it I
think you see absolutely better output
when private basically anything does for
a name there have been you know any
number of that bill gates with malaria's
probably my single favorite example that
that man is pretty well on schedule to
cure malaria almost worldwide if he has
his way within his own lifetime and that
is I mean that is better than anything
we have done anywhere else in and of
itself okay but these things can work in
conjunction just because somebody is
privately giving aid doesn't mean the
government can't do it I'm suggesting
that the output of the government doing
it is not in any way anything that even
