hello everybody and welcome to empires
of Arcadia how are you guys all doing
today how has your week been since your
last type of adventure you've been
looking forward to this is it stuff yeah
I know it's been really exciting I'm
looking forward to it and I'm looking
forward also to let's comment coming up
just next week how many of us started
going to list con two of you mean all of
these haven't decided
you see y'all gonna come dammit we're
gonna protest it's gonna be awesome
I don't have a place to stay well we're
gonna get kicked out anyway we'll just
dude between all this we can do I
physically don't have a place to stay at
night I mean maybe we'll go to jail we
could sleep in holding dude we could do
with you like we could do the entire
hundred-meter first I could crash on
your couch Stephen
maybe oh wait I can drive there I don't
have to like fly right yeah it's an
Anaheim oh that's like an hour for me
that's so convenient holy [ __ ]
yeah it's Prague hot don't say that okay
it's very exciting I'm sorry can I not
say that in 2019 people that emote
here's the stage of emoting in real life
first you do it because you make fun of
people that do it and then you start
saying it on ironically pawpaws yeah
I've only been doing it on ironically
since the start well how about the rest
of you anything interesting coming up
this week for you Stephen yeah that's
yes d and what's what's interested in
your life he's been having a lot of
politics in philosophy it's been a lot
of fun and now you know what I'm glad to
hop it a D&D in roleplay what's so
interesting on the ceiling oh nothing I
was just facing Destiny's camera box
trying to make it look good
ah no I just like excited it's gonna be
a lot of traveling I've never traveled
this much in such a short amount time I
did like the method Vegas event then
twitchcon now I'm going to Blizzcon and
then exile con in New Zealand
two weeks after Blizzcon so it's like
someone flying that's crazy yeah it's
crazy it's all like long flights like
eight hours last no at least we got
Devin what's been going on with you hi
I've been in a nez extent shield crisis
and just really thank you my wife all
day so that's what I do
cool great our mid to hop it and play
some Dungeons and Dragons oh yeah what
about you
someone has to ask you - what about you
it's been pretty good we went hiking in
the snow in the mountains it was really
nice and then I bought some new dice I
went to a game shop with some friends
and got some pretty new things I'm
pretty excited about thing mm-hmm
I'll be using her from rolling against
you guys today tell us who you get -
real real dice I love it it's really
it's the joy of rolling the real dice
more than anything that keeps me man
doing it you know I just can't I can't
give up the addiction have you ever had
a player that's come on and said that
they want a real did they want a role
real dice have to say that let them do
that yeah but only because he's my best
friend that I've known in my entire life
and we've been playing together for 20
years if I set up a dice can we do that
me
I am dice yeah yeah if you want to set
up a dice cam that's reliable totally
down I would love that
yeah I don't we'll find a way to work it
into overlays and [ __ ] now while we wait
for Trump to check his pizza why don't
we recap what happened last week because
it was a bit of a doozy Devin you look
like you're busy ziz what happened oh my
god what didn't happen okay so like last
week and something I really like doing
in games like this is I don't like Dyer
coma I try to like prepare as much as
possible and get us as much of an
advantage as possible so even early in
last week's episode I was like oh
there's a crocodile there can we dig a
hole somehow Chris you know what's the
crocodile gonna do against the hole it's
just gonna die in it right
and then grub charged in and we just had
like a bit of a mess of combat and we
struggled a bit grub went unconscious
and we almost died but then we finally
made it to the village that we were
going to save now in this village
destiny and and Trump the stuff they
were talking a lot to the people there
and we found out a lot of information
and now somebody mentioned that the
dragon always walks in it doesn't fly in
it walks in so I was like oh my god is
digging a hole and everybody is like
I'll on your stupid nobody wants your
[ __ ] hole which is a horrible
rejection to get but I insisted anyway
got the villagers to help me date holes
now sadly we only like Kobe rolled and
to see how many holes that would be
allowed to dig and we only had one they
said scissoring I'm gonna give you a
chance of a d20 if you get a 20 a
natural 20 on a roll 20 dice then the
hole will be close to the dragon and
what happens we were all the d20 we've
managed to get the dragon in the hole
and we taunted it in
and then it fell on the spikes and then
I like burnt it in the hole with those
ATAR it was a great episode it was very
fun yes and now we are in the aftermath
of that you have all leveled up and
before we get too deep into game why
don't we deal with all the mechanics of
leveling up oh yeah oh yeah we should if
you haven't already I already did of
course being the only logical player
here I've chosen to take the default no
I'm doing wait we can do that no way why
would you take the default what's wrong
with you people stop you but like oh you
were the one that's Toby the role Koivu
and then I got should run a speed now
yeah you should roll one do think I'm
here to roll
what do I have to roll what do i click
do I just rolled a hit though yeah just
roll your right is that right that's
close enough right a d-10 Plus what -
for you fun okay and I believe for
sorcerers it's gonna be a d8 and because
you got 16 kanji plus 3 I believe as
much as I want to cheat at this hip dice
1 d6 / sorcery level ah well then that's
it 26 thank you very much 1d thing but
just imagine this instead of rolling oh
oh why oh no that's not bad yeah that's
fine no roll the second worst roll -
that's terrible hey it's the fourth best
chill once doesn t its fifth best here
when you level up in dandy if they're
like a yellow glow around you and you go
to full hit points nope no no your
maximum HP or your current HP goes up
proportionately we can be really soft
with that so you know bring it up by
half er whatever is easiest around yeah
there's one d6 for you Okoye boo yeah
grub grub decided that grub was better
at seeing things so grub took observant
and now grub has 20 passive wisdom
perception okay sweet Jesus an apple
20 passive perception mm-hmm that is
going to be incredibly useful in this
particular campaign not all campaigns
but this one is gonna make a big
difference that's good okay cool
yeah because a lot of the time I'll just
compare your passive perception to
monster's passive stealth to see if you
guys are gonna like pass each other or
to see each other while you're traveling
through the jungles yeah
and if you've got twenty perception
you're gonna beat the stealth of many
things maybe not everything but most
things that's exciting
let's go um so the only things we're
supposed to do what level four I was
gonna pick a spell make a feel yep
pretty much it for you proficiency bonus
what's that your proficiency bonus
automatically goes up in role 20 if you
change your levels to be appropriate
level okay I've done that nothing cool
so let's talk about everyone else's
characters cuz you got a story point and
a canned trip and a spell and Vaughn
what did you get I don't know we're
leveling it but I think I can take a
seat at level what are we going up to
level four yes sir yeah so I should be
able to take the Sentinel feet of course
I think that's all I can in my hitting
up Oh actually I see here that we have a
revoked Sentinel it's in the remove
white yes yes what yes for this
campaigner for all of your campaigns
going forward for all of my campaign so
let's just wait starting now no no
starting a while ago I just kind of
forgot and the last campaign that we
played wait but wouldn't that kind of
like changed his decision to make a
character maybe if I yeah I would have
taken this he might not have taken
fighter like that it will all work
around it was okay that it does he's a
smart man he can figure it out he can
build it wait stat points is what I do I
change a lot to like change anything if
you made like a decision based on morg
you will figure that will figure it out
that's a lawyer I love it the defense
rests its case yeah for now
what does Grubb take what happens to
grab woman grubbles
so when Grubb levels grabbed becomes
Grubb fantastic mm-hmm
and I mean Crump does grip groan the
only the only things that are relevant
Grubb decided grub grub had a
conversation with grub self and grub
convinced grub that grub can actually
see much better than grub originally
could and so grub and Creek grub took
the observant feet and thus increased
wisdom by one and also has the +5 on the
passive perception I'll be missing your
most important change what's that your
wild shape can now include creatures
with a swim speed so all those
crocodiles all that fun stuff that you
wanted before it's all yours now grub
has planned for that okay yes it's a
halberd can considered a great weapon or
no sorry I don't think great weapon is a
tag what are you talking about for great
weapon fighter yeah it doesn't say heavy
or two-handed it'll give a specific key
that that way oh I'm sorry are you -
when you score crooked with a melee
weapon okay is this does this work as is
or you know great welcome fighters it
looks really good it could be I know I
think great weapon fighter is just
really strong to take for fighters
especially it's not a change on it no I
don't think so great weapon master great
weapon master yeah mm-hmm so let me
understand great weapon master not the
fighter great weapon blah blah blah no
there's no change on the great weapon
okay
it's very good people are saying that it
only comes for two Hannah but that's not
true right I don't see anything in here
about two handed well it's just the name
of the thing is great weapon master so
it seems weird that this would apply to
a dagger but the way that it reads it
sounds like it would do when score a
critical hit with melee weapon or reduce
the creature to zero hit points with one
you can make a weapon attack as a bonus
action yep that's fine but the second
Clause needs to have the heavy tag Oh
before you make it
male okay and a Halbert or whatever
counts as a heavy weapon or just
two-handed or a heavy weapon that's a
specific tag on the gear list and
cowbirds are heavy what's the other
weapon that you'd have with you a great
sword do you already only have the one
weapon I have a great start and a
halberd yeah they're both heavy weapons
so both of those will get everything you
want on that okay and then just to
understand how this works
before you make a melee tank with a
heavy weapon of your profession Wade you
can take a minus five penalty to the
attack role mm-hmm if the attack hits
you add +10 to the attacks damage yeah
so you have to declare it before you
make the attack yeah minus five penalty
voila
okay if my bonus attack is hitting with
the back end of the halberd do I get to
declare that same thing
you know it just says an attack right it
doesn't say the attack action does it it
says before you make a melee attack with
a heavy weapon you were proficient with
you can choose to take a minus five
penalty to the attack role if the attack
kids you had plus ten to be text damage
that sounds like it'll fall off by the
time we get level 20 but that's okay
property and when you use full or master
we're still making attack with that same
weapon right yeah yes actually attack
with the opposite under the weapon I
think there's some room to argue that
that it's exit back ends not heavy but
let's not do that
um okay there's no way to add stuff from
the expansion is camp trips and stuff
right I just think customers mothers oh
yeah they won't drag and drop you'll
have to type in open hand okay I don't
think it does anything combat anyway
yeah sigh what about you what are your
upgrades Zara has done a very simple
abilities for upgrade so +1 Dex and +1
wisdom but it's a bigger effect than
usual because that bumped move both of
my seventeen scores to 18 marks get a C
bonus on wisdom as well so I gained +2
AC wow wow wow that's doable even though
I didn't get anything
oh I also got slow fall take 20 damage
off of falling my I think 11 I was
reminded that I need to look up how much
damage do you take for Falls 6 / 10 feet
it's falling damage so that you avoid 20
damage that's quite a lot yeah so on
average that's three and a half so that
means I can fall from about fifty feet
not take damage well yeah so what's her
AC
my a/c is now 18 all the lemons AC is 10
well don't get surprised I'm just gonna
go around like you know what they do
with horse this like they pass them down
and stuff I'm gonna start doing that
with these you never get surprised
anymore
just go around like spooky you're like
wow it seems like surprising our enemies
is very strong it is very strong yes the
five-point rules change that a lot the
five-point kneel is what that all of us
get an attack turn before our
initiatives are older there's just a lot
of things that surprise modifies that's
the normal but also the your armor class
isn't affected by it
you don't get +4 decks which I imagine
you also don't get +4 wisdom then right
when you're surprised
oh so people's ACS is adversely affected
yeah cuz as it stands right now if you
are unconscious and on the ground with
your shield still in your hand you still
have like all your AC from your shield
and your decks and everything so I'm
saying if you're in a position where
you're surprised and you're not you
don't get your dexterity bonus if you
weren't really aware that you're under
attack which is a complication on the
five eating rules which I feel is
desperately needed so now that we know
what happened last week where are we
gonna start off this week you guys have
already defeated anthrax dragon and
there was some talk of whether or not
you guys would ever go into the dragon's
lair someone seemed to be not wanting to
then maybe wanting to - they want to i
want a fully arrest though i want to
have a feast in our honor and i want a
rest yeah I'm ok with that
perfect you guys can rest and the people
here in Yuma will happily feast you wait
wait crumb crumb see big drag it outside
and we know take scales I want to take
teeth of the dragon I think everything
yes and the heart yes the people of Yuma
will help you cannibalize the dragon for
all of its useful bits and pieces and
they will also feasts you and throw a
celebration
since we're in like a really primitive
land and access to middle everything is
very hard to come by our dragon scales
or our dragon like talons or teeth
anymore of a harder material they could
be fashioned into like some sort of
better weapon or armor dragon scales can
be made into dragons scale armor and if
you have it if you don't if you have a
person who just is a regular old leather
worker they'll make a regular scale
armor out of it but if you find yourself
a really good leather worker they might
be able to turn that into some bomb-ass
dragon scale so you'll have to find
someone somewhere that's a really good
leather worker how much scale is that is
there enough scale to make all of us so
this is a whole dragon is there enough
scale to make all of us like one suit in
theory absolutely although not all of
you can use a scale armor it's actually
considered medium armor right that's not
a medal course or couldn't use armor
okay there can Trump he wouldn't want to
his wisdom index so it's really so it's
really for destiny and I yeah can druids
get medium armor oh yeah they can but
they can't wear anything metal but a
dragon's skill is not considered metal
it is not metal so you could definitely
wear Dragon Scale hell yeah a c11 grub
up to a C 15 or something well and then
with a shield they go to 17 or something
yeah yeah yeah it's actually yeah but I
guess it's gonna be a long time before
we can do this well it'll be a time I
don't know how long this is pretty we're
gonna be entering a pretty open-ended
section of the campaign and so we'll see
what you come across and when you come
across it you might run across that in
your first adventure or it might be your
last adventure or whatever so how how
impressed are the villagers by our
defeat of the dragon the people of the
great city-state of Yuma are impressed
and they are grateful they will feed you
they will bring out their very very
precious beer of which there is almost
none because this place is too wet to
grow hops or barley and it has to be
imported from the small halfling town of
bastion on the far northeast corner of
the island and so they only have like a
little bit of it normally there's some
like weird-ass
jungle juice that's just random
fermented fruit juice and doesn't taste
very good and beer are there any
political leaders for this town or is
killing the Dragons only we could use to
our political agenda to start taking
over the world there has already been an
agreement that an alliance between your
two city-states would be formed if you
guys could come down here and defeat
this dragon and free this town who are
there is now a an alliance in theory
between Yuma and Yakka with the center
of it in Yaka yeah we don't stand a
while yeah we don't own yucca so hmm but
you are agents of the people of Yaka for
now yes maybe we should try to take over
Yaga instead what what I wonder like I
want to start taking over so we own like
an army in the city so we can like start
taking over the world well first we need
to well I don't think that's disgusting
no no no character talking character
we're at a party at a party right a
party take over the sounds like every
party I've ever been to true this Idol
on what is this you speak of I would
love to start building our own army an
army so we can start I would love to
conquer cities I've always wanted my own
city I don't think we're in much of a
position to raise an army among the four
of us no these are pretty best by our
dragon thing we kill big green but how
many people kill big Green's only us
we're the only ones ever all they want
kill a dragon is one thing but we need
crops to raise four soldiers we need
houses to house people we need a city to
protect their people when they sleep at
night
I don't see how you think that just
killing a dragon grants us all of these
things okay look this is a city or a
town right now we have we have one
friend now friend city and our city so
we just uh we go talk to you
because and we go see if they want us to
the leader of this friendship yeah but
what yeah yokka would just march on us
and take over the city no no um how
grubs say okay you know how now we
friends with this city here that I
already forget Namath Yuma Yuma Yuma
yeah okay so now we friend Yaka you my
friend we go but who who is leader of
friends we be leader our friends and
then that it starts I'm you know how
would we go about overthrowing the
leadership in York no overthrow just
become leader how grub
that's not how leadership works grab
there are many men on top of us
grub what you're saying is you're
telling us to grow from a leaf to be at
the tops of the trees do you understand
how I thought maybe I am indeed getting
ahead of myself
yeah but speaking of leaves come enjoy
up my tea leaves we should spend this
night as a night of celebration indeed
why suggest that we get a full night's
or full weeks rest recharge ourselves
and we go explore the dragon's lair we
kill whole dragon no one ever do and now
lease elevate grub we'll do the dance of
the dumb hey the dubstep grub starts
doing the dubstep I already have a
perfect plan for the cave it is most
likely only going to have one entry it
is most likely only going to have one
entrance I suggest we build fires and
smoke out everything that is inside they
will not be able to breathe and they
will die inside the cave without us
having to fight
wait we said salad on fire the help from
the dragon at that cave
anthrax supposed to that help also
possible that we could simply wait a
week maybe they'll lead
I mean if anthrax doesn't return there's
no reason for them to stay there no
right but if they were leaving they
would take everything of value with them
we would want everything of value that's
true would they really risk stealing
everything about you I guess if they
suppose anthrax wasn't coming back then
sure yeah I see no reason why they
wouldn't we have we have so many
advantages with if the cave entrance is
the only way and we can take holes we
can dig trap and we can give co2
poisoning to everybody inside the cave
co2 poison
they'll die don't worry so that would
mean we would have to go out tomorrow
then instead of a week with it what wait
what where are we going I am very
anxious of going out in my current state
by the wisdom in your suggestion what is
that we're gonna do then do we want to
leave tomorrow what um I suggest we talk
to the cleric as well and get fully
healed up what happened okay I think we
are going to go to the cave for one week
yes but if we if we wait people might
steal what's in the lair um I think one
one good thing we could do we could send
scouts towards the cave right now while
we're resting to gather information if
anyone comes and goes I don't think we
have to worry so much I mean who are you
worried about stealing from this
if anyone i just want my stuff sure but
i don't think i mean i admire the the
being on top of things but i don't think
anyone in this village is in a position
to run and steal from that cave this
village was already like teetering on
the edge of destruction well while i
agree to make that journey while i
totally agree
um you never know if there might be
somebody else who has been looking out
for anthrax or trying to get her lair
and there's no disadvantage for us
sending some scouts out from the village
ahead of time it is only a bonus in both
information and intelligence true
alright talking about the people from
this village doing we're talking about
the gardens of the cave if they are even
are any wait don't they say big giant
man guard cave big giant man guards the
other cave but yes if the Giants noticed
that a dragon hasn't been back in a week
they might go pillage that cave
wait grub have bad idea what if cave is
the same cave but there's two ends to it
what then then giant man just walk from
one edge of cave to other and then he
there true however dragons and giant men
do not usually befriend each other read
that like a book or something dude yes
my general knowledge says that dragons
do not like being friends with many
people in addition the scouts have
reported that the dragon tends to travel
oh oh grab now read book you know
sometime real hard to watch word they
become all squiggly line I am not really
a scholar as well more of tales have
been passed from man to man through
generations that is how do we still know
about some of the things even though we
have not personally experienced them who
okay as long as we know get crushed by
big giant man grub totally fine great
fight big green big green dragon thing
that enough for life of one guv oh my
dreams mythical treasure called the myth
wrong what have you not heard Mikkel
mithril it is it is supposedly a medal
of great value and someday perhaps in
the dragon's lair we may find a some of
it and I believe that mithril is the key
to Arcadia's lifeblood okay very good
right a mythical me throat don't you
think we would start by talking to the
dwarves you think maybe they would have
some sort of information about this or
that exists here I think they would say
look in the dragon's lair I think we
should go rest now and then go early in
the morning after it and I also want to
ask the Clary if he can fix my wounds
okay wait well yes but what if grub not
done talking the trees yet and what if
grub not done with dance yet there is an
amazing tree by the cave entrance grub
I've heard rumors of it I will introduce
you to it really yes okay better be real
good tree though then grub go normally
dance takes one week grub will makes
shorter dance this time have to be quick
okay
so the party can party and rest and set
out in the morning for the Dragon's cave
come sunrise you guys can all spend hit
dice if you have any you gain one hit
die but you should be at full right now
I think and then you can spend your head
dice
so who needs to spend hit dies looks
like I just rolled two and then I gained
one back so I'm at three out of four
lovely I don't want to grub I understand
that you spell casters typically need
more arrests than this how prepared are
you for this journey there is not a
dragon in the lair so you may not need
to be as prepared right spells
I am spell no Lord know how to spell
same I'm fully out of charge
what no grab Noah a not a spell word
grub he wants to know how many
conversations can you have with a tree
between here and the lair without taking
out first to rest your vocal cords lots
of conversations inspiration Steven
knows a good way of speaking to grub
clever trying yeah yeah grub can talk to
trees lots of times okay so wait I can
only talk back just to make sure I can
only heal up six points right you can
expend your three hit dice to see how
many HP you heal how did I do that again
I forgot click on the hip next section
of your character sheet it's a right
below your hip points yeah
and that'll that'll roll the hip points
in chat for you which you can then add
to your current hip points
and what's the cleric able to heal me
yes if you go to find the cleric down
[Music]
hardcore dance core 7 on you that'll
bring you to 21 out of 28 and he'll
leave you at that 2728 yeah oh yeah and
re oh yeah I've thought since I got one
more level I can cast one more level to
spell correct
yeah one level one and one level to
spell left hmm that's remaining zero and
I have a one I tested your Bernie hands
earlier and I must have just not
refunded the spell slot that I used okay
perfect
you should have one in one okay why it
says we don't have roll20 up on your
stream there I was like a separate one
for doing my own stuff so we have like
this one just for the party cool all
right
well here you are in Yuma and it's time
to head to Anthrax's lair you've been
told it is due west of here two days
what were what was the result of the
loot from so it's like Dragon Scale and
then we can have some dragon teeth sure
they will pick over the corpse and after
you've raided the dragon's lair you can
come back and decide on what parts of
the dragon you want they're happy to
give first pick to you guys as you did
kill the dragon okay so two days to the
dragon's lair uh as we travel I would
like do this why don't you roll me a one
d20 on your first day of travel all
right oh and as a quick light thing
while we're traveling I keep a lookout
for any light different looking tree to
show to grub oh yeah give me a nature
check in general like wrap you're
leading us now right because you're so
observant what you're taking Bodhi what
that mean lead what rubba you will look
out for us for any danger yes
yeah always of course grub sees
everything
excellent and you will see the best to
be seen
Oh sometimes you can't see thing then
grub don't see that rubber my like
shoulders he's small enough for it and I
should be large enough for that to be a
possible arrangement
I believe we this is crazy mate I'm
flying grub puts up the arms how have we
decided in the past to do like if
somebody is on somebody else who can be
attacked there either one at full like
no disadvantage or anything so yeah he's
on your shoulders I would say you you
don't block enough of him to have him be
considered covered okay so we're just
basically two people occupying the same
space for all intents and purposes right
yes yes I think maybe when we get into
combat there might be some problems I
don't know if you can fight with a
person on your shoulders mm-hmm give you
like disadvantage on all your attacks
sure I was wondering like say we get
surprised or ambushed or something and
somebody tries to attack grub who's on
my shoulders is that like a
disadvantages or just a normal attack
even more perception being on the
shoulders no you already have twenty
sure you already have more than you'll
ever need
yeah Wow punishing the rich there's comi
quick Kwai boo commie right there there
is Comi koyu yeah that's me
Katzie give me all your chips everybody
hey man we need some stat redistribution
here never mind I'm on board without
that's your first day through the jungle
is in human voice I'm sorry hey guys
what do you call a vampire goblin a
hemo-goblin oh um since we play we just
say hi like a crazy big fight right we
just killed a dragon we must be feeling
time of our lives do we all like feel
inspired no I tried
so the first day is a hot and humid
journey through the forests of the
jungles during the morning there's a low
miss that pervades everything as does
pretty much every morning kind of
cutting distance visible distance down
to 100 feet or so but it burns off in
the mid-afternoon
where upon you get a torrential downpour
for a couple of hours and continue
trudging through the rugged undergrowth
that day ends with you guys finding a
nice little shelter somewhere and going
to sleep can grab hold up a little leaf
over the over like an umbrella over you
can find a big bird and use it as an
umbrella I don't for Vaughn for both of
us right yeah
can I use mould earth to dig out like
the underside of trees so we can they
rest under trees without noticeably like
to give us like a hiding advantage
action you can move five foot cube of
Earth and I believe when they say five
foot cube they mean a cube five feet on
a side so yes in a matter of a minute
you could tunnel down and tunnel over
and you can sort of Minecraft your way
around with this spell yeah one thing I
will say is be careful
because of the water table you might run
into pretty quickly and also if you're
in a hole and one of these very frequent
afternoon thunderstorms comes along
you'll all be you know in a pool but
aside from water table alone basically
what I want to do is just dig out some
earth under the roots so we can I hide
sleeping under the roots so it's very
hard for things to discover us yeah go
ahead kill the tree every time you want
to take a nap that's fine yeah there's
there's tons of trees I mean at this
point there are hell yeah they're really
not industrialized yet we're good yeah
you're not gonna damage the ecosystem by
killing one tree a day you're fine
second day of travel demmin nass roll me
a 1 d 20
all right you travel forward until you
arrive at this area where a trail begins
to narrow somewhat and you see some old
and heavy foot marks in the soil areas
where like branches have been bro uh
broken roots have been pressed into the
ground and there's clear dragon
footprints which you can follow the
remaining short distance and arrive at
Anthrax's lair can girl you do an
investigation on what kind of footprints
they are yes
give me an investigation check a natural
one what kind of footprints are they a
really big grub
someone has enlarged a goblin and it
trout jumps through this area every one
big problem grubs see these feet before
this is no ordinary footprint actually
grub not know what that mean this no
this no normal footprint this is a big
goblin there's a big gobbling up there
mm-hmm then we will have to kill it
really well fight big Gobbo even small
gumbo very scary these footprints look
to me like those are the Dragons no mug
man not no grub no grub see many Gobbo
before that's a big Gobbo hmm well then
you know what they call big gobble is
called el gobbly no we may be meeting
big uh men anyways so you're just is
probably not too far off the mark
uh my guest
okay I think he agree yeah big gobble
ahead be real be real careful friends
hmm can we slowly approach the cave
entrance yes you can when we at the cave
entrance how many offering you are
several hundred feet from the cave
entrance as UN
into this area where the tree line kind
of ends and there's a clearing there's
some trees and bushes and things growing
up a bit they're all kind of low you can
see a cave in a distance and to kill
Giants hanging about there's a large
stack of rocks between the two of them
and they are throwing them they are
playing some sort of giant rock throwing
game hopefully you can see the map it'll
take a while to resolve their big files
tell you big gobble over there yes I
thought that might be the case no grub
no better now
grub won't shout at these ones grub
promise you can see these large goblins
have a pile of rocks between them and
they're throwing them this way and you
can see a few of them scattered over
here in the water and around whatever it
is growing at so why don't you guys
discuss your plan you're actually just
off-screen at the edge of the forest the
sound is the forest line to the south
yeah okay they way too big to hit with
stick so grub out of idea I wonder I
don't think we can blockade the dragon
cave entrance when they are so close I
think they will notice and come attack
us we either need to sneak inside the
dragon entrance or we need to deal with
the with the Giants first sneaking
inside with them outside sounds quite
scary they trap us in a cave who knows
what we're gonna be backed up against in
there yes I think I think the best thing
would be to deal with them outside first
they don't know that we're here so we
could dig some holes we could do that
but you have spoken wisdom they don't
know that we're here so we can get it
you get out and no one will ever be the
wiser but no idea what lies beyond the
caves entrance though there could be
loud creatures in there that will alert
the Giants
there could also be nothing but treasure
inside that's true
in one reality we get treasure me and
the other reality we die seeing is how
we have no way to know which is true
it's a risk I prefer not to take I can
see that one of them is walking around
we need to be careful I think we
shouldn't hide away in a bush well we're
discussing this oh well if we watch them
for a while maybe there are maybe there
are designated paths that they take on
guard or on watch as much as I can
the whole talk of the Dragon worked very
well we could set up a trap have one
fall in and then kill him before dealing
with this friend um I actually really
big I really liked the idea you had with
felling trees we could also use that in
combination of the hall so we have it
fall in the hole and then fall trees on
top of it so it can't get out then light
everything on fire and watch the giant
burn and suffocate well that would be
magnificent I don't think we have the
material or the time to begin cutting
down trees here they're too big to hit
with stick so we drop even bigger stick
on them I think we watched their century
paths we dig a hole using your magics
and then when one falls in we kill him
and then we deal with him hopefully
before his friend gets there and then we
deal with this friend max but we not
strong enough to kill even one big man I
think we can kill one big man really we
just killed a dragon of course nothing
in watching for weaknesses from standing
watch these scar these giants they are
not taking patrols they are playing
throw the ball and fetch it yeah well if
they're playing throw the ball and fetch
it we can merely create a hole between
here and the ball watch it fall in and
kill him
wait I just had an even better idea if
it goes close enough to the river and I
make a deep enough hole and we can make
water fill the hole we can drown the
Giant
before you sounds like some very
complicated
what's the medieval term for civil
engineering I don't know if we can
engage in this level of okay just as
long as there's a hole that will do yes
we'll put a hole between between the
ball and them we'll watch them tumble in
and then wait is he stuck in the hole
fight man
yeah right man what's up if we put hole
where ball is what happened when ball
come well the ball will fall in the hole
no ball fall on us we put Hall where
what we can hide behind trees so that we
don't get hit by there rocks big man
throw ball
we put hole where ball come ball come to
us no good well not sure we don't get
hit by the ball it's okay grab it I
think grub brings up a good point though
how will we dig a hole if the Giants are
throwing balls towards our holding well
I mean I'm assuming that on top of that
cliff there should be a canopy of trees
where they can't really see the whole
path beneath it right
no this area is wide open and these guys
are huge they can see over this entire
ground over here oh I hear is no canopy
of trees anymore these are right while
while we were resting I reflected and
increased by I grew as a person and I
can now impersonate voices really well I
have a good idea of how they speak and I
could pretend to be the other one or at
least one of its kind and say I threw it
so far and make it walk in that
direction and it will be impressed that
I threw the rock so far and thus it will
fall into the hole real dumb man you
don't sound like big man I can he's now
a troll see I sound just like them
he did it he can do it he's a Magic Man
incredible do we think though that the
Giants speak our language
ask a question do Giants speak common is
that info is this even right hole aren't
we supposed to go to other hole or is
this the hole we want is that insight to
know like if I if I think or history to
know if I think I can speak that's a
history check for you grub is gonna do
an inside check to see or wait what's
the kind of check that I need to do to
determine if grub thinks it's a the
right hole or not just a d2 all right
grub thinks this is right hole eidolon
you'll know that Giants have their own
language some of them might speak the
common tongue but usually they will just
be giant to one another now this brings
up a good question what do you know
about Giants does one person in the
party the most knowledgeable person in
the party want to roll me a nature check
to see what you might have picked up
about definitely grub grub grub is grub
is big talk to tree so grub know much
about tree what has the let's see what
the trees have told you about hill
giants grub no giant very big
that is right grub Giants are very big
yes cool I swear there's a there's a
I've told you roll 20 has a bias I will
plug in for Chrome there is one that
will track all of the stats that you
roll in roll 20 so you can check up on
this ship there's an add-on I'll look
for it
well Vaughn since your main concern was
that you feared there may be a loud
enemy in the caves how about this that
will sneak past to the cave maybe in one
world there is nothing in it and then I
just simply signal you all to sneak on
it some days there is a enemy and then
make a signal that there is an enemy in
which case we will actually have to deal
with the Giants
how's that that is true the cave could
be fairly small it doesn't necessarily
need to be massive with lots of networks
yeah we could try that venture okay
make my way to this map that part of the
map I actually think that we could all
like they seem to vary periodically only
go when they're throwing their rock so
we should be able to find a good time
frame where we can all get close to the
side of the case there's no reason for
us to be like this far south right we
just have to make sure not to go in well
they're going to fish yeah things have I
noticed like how many balls they throw
before they go fetch yeah they seem to
have six large rocks that they throw and
then one of them goes to pick them up
and come back sometimes that one comes
back with seven and then they throw
seven and then they come back with six
or whatever they're not perfect
creatures but you can count the number
of rocks they bring back with them
holy grub grub remember something real
important what's up grub so grub can
tell trees and then trees make us not
sound and then we just go in okay but
not invisible
well how did how did grubs think so like
you know how like when you walk by
someone they go eh what are you doing so
now grub asked you to do this and then
that not happen they don't even notice
and grub can do that for everyone so
maybe we just wait till giant men asleep
and then grub does this and we walk in
and then we walk out wait if they're
asleep we don't need to do that no we do
double so that way there's double chance
but we don't want to go into the cavemen
right now we want to go into the dragon
cave so I don't think we need to do that
right now what
but what why fight giant man when we
don't have to fight giant we're not
going to fight him we're going to sneak
inside the cave and see if there's
anything inside okay but grub have
things they do that with okay how about
we do that and let me sneak in yeah we
just walk in great excellent plan grub
let's do it okay um one problem can only
do this for how many times grub holds up
three fingers and says one hour that is
plenty of time okay so we do that then
yes cast your spell right when they are
about to come back with the rocks and
then it will hide behind this side point
to the right this flip side will give us
cover as we sneak in okay yeah you told
grub wooden grub do it and then grab a
street over here and then just kind of
back in we're just going to move in a
straight line pretty much along the
cliff wall okay so tell me the
conditions under which you will move
along okay here's the plan
the giant is coming back with the rocks
grub cast a spell and then we head out
while the dine is heading back all right
let's get the whole party over next to
zai and why don't we take a first break
and when we come back from break we will
enact the plan the great plan all right
once a and sure
wait are we starting have we already
started yet yes welcome back Adia
let's enact the plan alright
the party has gathered together next to
die
they are gonna cast pass without a trace
and then you're going to try and stealth
pass the Giants when one of them is on
its way back with the big rocks alright
so we'll just wait for a convenient time
when the next guy goes to grab some
rocks as the Sun is going down and grub
grub grub grub without a trace oh um
hold on hey hey it's talking to a planet
um hey you have to make us real quiet
don't say a thing okay you keep secret
and grub not tell what grub know about
you plant grub have some real dirt on
you the wind blows through the leaves of
the poem from on which kind of sway for
a moment and then get really still is
that the plan to sing Shh
you see an argent dream may you proceed
with abandon in life may you proceed
with balance and stealth I say as I
start moving forward excellent the
party's gonna try and sneak past these
Giants I need you all to make me stealth
checks you have plus ten to this role
and oh that's a 29 for Eidolon yeah 27
for grub is it actually you're not even
in game that's that's it
okay so add 20 to that 34 okay so the
question is does 15 beat the Giants
passive perception we're gonna find out
so you are going to cut across when the
Giants starts walking back right yeah
when it's past the area obviously right
about where it is right now is the time
that you guys would move out yeah yeah
oh okay the giant has 40 feet of
movement and can make this movement of
140 feet is uphill is maybe going a
little bit more slowly it's called a 20
feet of movement that'll take him seven
rounds to get there you guys are moving
at half of 25 and you've got 210 feet so
by the time you get to where you need to
go the giant will have already been back
to his spot and turned around but let's
see on that die and five on that diet
the Giants do not see you as you slipped
from one bush to another the plant sort
of bending with the wind to kind of lean
with you as you walk and kind of cover
your trace and then scraping the ground
to obscure your footprints before you
know it you've made it inside the cave
the shadows are coming from the west
which means they're come in this
direction and once there with envy the
line of shadow from that cave you cannot
be seen from the outside however it is
dark in here and unless you have some
sort of light source everyone except for
Grubb is going to be having a hard time
seeing anything I cast my everything a
grub you can see a bit high grub can see
everything
grab a host of you grub have Gobbo
vision and a little bit my voice a bit
since when I came and that goes so we
don't want to light up something until
we're a little bit in everything worked
ok grub yes let's have grub guide us
grab good guide um grub
so grubs what okay so like am I just
gonna move my character I don't know
I've known how do you navigate this
issue we could have everybody hold hands
with grub in the front and he will lead
us and let us know if there's anything
then we get further in without making a
light if I make a light right now
everybody can see us grub grub could
grub could go ahead if if here grub tell
you all idea grub can turn into smaller
grub and then smaller grub can go in and
see what's there but problem is grub
only do this two times and then grub
have to sit for a while and think so if
if grub if grub only if grub uses this
once we know what's there but then grub
can't grub only one more grub I see I do
not think that would be necessary I
think holding hands and having you with
us just a few feet in and then lighting
up a torch will do
I mean if wanna know what's in cave can
grub can tell when we run into what is
in the cave we will just punch it you
are you're simply your your
concentration is too valuable for us to
use it on this grub we want to do be
ready for combat Oh grab like that idea
[Music]
okay let's do so grabbed goes to the
front mm-hmm and everyone will hold
hands all right everybody holds hands
already and then you will walk forward
leading them yeah
very gradual party but still step we're
still stealth right that lots of
concentration up to an hour here's you
can keep on moving all the way up to
here
is nice and clear and you find there's a
small little pocket here where there's
like a room with nothing in it seemingly
rest the party can't see this at all
grab grab anything I mean I don't even
if I roll perception I have to beat my
own twenty so just like what's there
were twenty perception there's nothing
it seems like an empty chamber it's can
I run an investigation check to see if
there might be anything weird in there
yeah no it's just this uneven ground
some soft silty soil pushed up against
the walls a scraggly roof that dips down
somewhat in the middle weird
outcroppings and crab crevices it just
looks like part of the cave I think this
is a good spot for me to cast light and
I'll make the light I mean like wailing
wait with wait why not we do same thing
we do already and this working so far
Rob how far can you see into this cave
really far
[Music]
idolan if something happens you need to
be ready to light that torch immediately
so that we can help wait yes work rub
can go ahead very quiet like and then
grub come back we just stand here in the
darkness grub yeah standing I think that
is too dangerous if something ambushes
us like if something lives in here we
see no light it can probably already see
in the dark
okay we keep going trust gabbo gabbo see
everything
how many more rooms do you see in here
how big is the cave pretty big down down
there is a just hallway I don't believe
that there is any advantage in not
lighting a torch now because everyone
here can see yeah what if something
lives in the cave if we'd already be
able to see in here as as ancient
proverb say if live in world of darkness
can see in darkness what I agree you
want to tell everyone in Kate we here
right now no one know I will keep the
light very dim to have what what no I
just just i grub can go keep going and
then trust grub we are more low but I I
trust my companion lead us on wood okay
quiet okay lead us on I'm ready alright
so the party's still all holding hands
yeah so grub is going very slow and
looking everywhere all right you guys
are plunged into pitch blackness as soon
as something is there crebbil stop if he
sees anything there's something there
okay it was just a drip of water never
mind go grab sees oh never mind keep
trust grub
okay um Grubb see direction left right
big hallway either way I try to discern
if there is the entrance we came in the
only entrance is there any other is
there like can I feel the air moving
through the cave make me is that nature
I think that's perception to see if you
can feel the wind blowing one way or the
other oh it is still it's very still
this cave does not have another exit at
least it doesn't have another exit that
is not sealed currently I might have
like a door or something or some blocks
or something but there's currently no
trail of air very good I think the
owners are very bad we need to be
careful we don't get stuck in here with
something trapping us at the entrance
yes Grubb wait
what growth this half that we've been
taking so far is it a path that the
Dragon would take on wait well this like
it looks like really small code booth
but like how big is it actually like in
diameter actually quite narrow yeah that
shouldn't have happened it's my volume
didn't change I think it's okay now yeah
is a tight corridor and when you look
upon the walls you can see long scrape
marks and when you look at the ground
you some can see claw marks the dragon
does indeed come this way but it is a
tight fit for the dragon you can see
where it breaks pits of the pits of the
wall off where it's scales kind of chip
off and fall and you'll find small
little bits of dragon scale at your feet
if you look closely enough so so this is
big enough to fit a young dragon through
the dragon that you bought yes okay if
it's wheezes but it's quite small mm-hmm
it's ten feet wide I think we continue
going in like we're doing now okay you
want to go left or right go go the
larger half the one where the dragon
larger path is right then right okay we
go that way all right at this point I
will need the whole party to make me
stealth checks again you still have your
+10
I'll need new checks cuz you're going
through the cave which is very different
than trekking through the jungle bunnies
I'm a big guy for you you're a big guy
you got all these big weapons you turn
to look at something over it okay I
can't
all right 30
go ahead grub this grub notice my net
one like as we're walking through my
Hubbard must be like scraping or bumping
on my corridors as I turn around or
something oh my god don't worry quiet in
here and so every noise that any of you
makes is glaringly obvious to everyone
and you are the noisiest person in the
party it's hard to tell if anyone else
is going to notice it but you come here
it can grub roll if you notice is there
something like that well you of course
you hear him you're right next to him
hey hey
fight man why you so loud girl don't we
all stumble around in the dark yeah but
you loud even when grub tell tree not to
make you out so tree try real hard you
still do damn loud we keep going or you
want to be loud maybe trees don't keep
secrets as well as you think they do
grow I'm sorry no they tell real good
secret we keep going we do you going man
this is when you hear there's sort of a
hyena like sickening laughter which
turns into a high-pitched screech coming
from directly in the path in front of
you all probably time for light like
with this we're gonna roll initiative so
who has not rolled initiative for the
party yet I haven't for a while let's do
you then all right
you will roll one initiative and one of
the monsters will roll what initiative
all right the party will go first you
hear this we go last sadly oh yes thank
you
we're what hey Creek fail my initiative
so you go last okay
and what is the movement of these
creatures they have only 30 movement
speed should we not be able to see now
that I've got light you guys have not
had a turn yet the monsters got split
first wait really cause like so so they
got alerted okay I believe you whatever
yeah yeah we rolled some perception some
stealth checks and then we rolled
initiative you sell check sales and then
there is no time in between the yeah so
okay when we do a stealth check it's not
like we had a self check represents a
roll over a period of time so that
stealth check encompasses everything
from when you guys first walked into
here until you know you would have made
it to the end we made it at a point
where it was optimal to us for you were
in an optimal position to have the
encounter as it makes sense from a
team's point of view but it's not like
the Woofie the loud noise is occurring
we at the time the one is rolled if that
makes sense like that's yourself on
average over the period of time that
you're traveling does that make sense
yeah but I what I thought was like as
soon as like Zirin was alerted he cast
the light spell which is what I thought
that should have gone right and he was
alerted by the loud shrieking which is
the indication that battles starting and
someone has to go first right no one has
a ready to action so whoever wins
initiative goes first it's the point of
initiative and the monsters one so in
your turn you can cast like sound guys
Party's turn I cast light on what in the
area or on a specific item can have
divinity li yeah you can just cast it
just in the air around you totally I
will create a light object for us to
play with can you all see that oh yeah
perfect yes although is that the this is
not only a how far'd guess I'm looking
at the diameter right now but I think
it's only 30 feet of light it's only 20
feet of light Oh twenty and twenty okay
so it should be it'll be a little bit
bigger there you go and if it's casting
on him in the area then we'll put it
right there I think that is the light
radius perfect
anyone else wanna give ya grub
transforms into a giant Todd giant toad
toad oh yeah giant toad riot turd I need
you to roll me 6 d 10 plus 6 for HP hell
yeah 60 10 plus 6 6
hold on
what do you I'm not bad it's not bad at
all all right here you go giant toad any
actions can I move my light further up
towards the where we heard the animals
where did we heard them from the left to
the right cuz I might do a move action
to you they it's a tunnel so just echoes
everywhere you direction is it almost
impossible to tell them subtle like this
was I the light no light can be cast
either on an object or just into an area
you cast it into an area so it cannot be
moved it just fills the area should I
cast it on check my messages as messages
right yeah yep
so even where I am right now I have no
idea where they are
oh you don't have vision from the toe do
you
yeah but the toad whatever yeah yeah the
vision just an updated game okay so yeah
I'm gonna take a move action over here
and I am going finally coy boo the
hunter becomes the hunted as I bite and
grapple my opponent all right buddy
okay melee attack what the [ __ ] okay
target is grapple okay let's just see if
I land the attack first so can I use my
toe to built toe to toe do it
vitam how click on the toad complete
protections in the upper left hand
corner so - good bite
I eat that'll roll it 22 to get you bite
the ravager yes some damage okay so
damage is kind of complicated it says so
there's two damage rolls so there's
there's a hit which is one D ten plus
two I think
mm-hmm okay and that's piercing damage
and then there's another D ten poison
damage so two plus two okay - D 10 plus
2 or you can just click the attack tech
- right next to the 22 that you've
rolled either was good it's fine you
have bitten this creature it is a to you
and it is grapple and now can you drag
it in can you drag it into the light no
grub eat scrub hungry you can swallow
next round it's a separate action is it
really oh no it's not no it's the third
mix one bite attack against a medium or
smaller target that it is grappling if
the attack hits then the target is
spoiled yeah so swallow is a separate
attack on your second round
whale away makes one but a kick against
a medium or small target that it is
grappling it's a kiss that's harder to
swallow than the grapple ends yeah okay
okay so I'm fighting this round next
round you like bite him again and
swallow him - he's grappled right now
okay he's grappled right now got it okay
yeah okay
so grub has done all of his stuff Oh
however how many enemies are there we
can't see wait ribbit ribbit ribbit
ribbit ribbit ribbit ribbit ribbit okay
great I use the riveting as a way to
like kind of guide my way there yeah
okay so I make it the way here is do I
have any way to get to the enemy I can
like vaguely see a huge turn though it
well there's a huge a stoat of the way
it's kind of a problem do you what how
would you navigate a large toad blocking
your path filling up the entire ten-foot
wide section we're near to it give us
some room okay grab still has a little
bit of movements okay
can you what can you take it what
happens if you move a grapple thing with
you when I'm at half speed okay so I had
five how much plane I can move five more
feet so I'm gonna move here to this this
middle Tower here and I'll bring the
girl with me you can only go two and a
half feet yeah have some and he open his
mouth go to here can he keep his mouth
open so we can attack it oh yeah I want
to drag the little dude with me towards
the towards I perfect okay I'll take
that opportunity go through the north
side unlike squeeze through sure let's
see do you have the move oh you've got a
[ __ ] ton of movement don't you yeah it's
not ten feet left
I'll even try to flank this guy yes I
was gonna say squeezing takes double
movement to move through which you have
enough movement to get on through and
you were now flanking him
oh then here's probably the best legged
oh there that's that's what's perfect
yeah
yo feet of movement right yeah perfect
and then it's
with my where's that one what that's an
advantage since Caesars drink yes 17
will hit for five points of damage
the ravager gets whacked on the back all
right that's all lit up with a punch
punch right at the back of his head six
points of damage the Ravagers near to
unconscious bond what's on let me check
my movement so this is 20 I can't really
see anything I can't like I'm just kind
of like dark yeah already in attack
action mm-hmm
no I won't actually I'll just ready
dodge okay eidolon did you have anything
else you wanted to do other than light
up the place right around you I don't
think well I'll move up slightly really
light it's only a can trip you can just
cast it next round the toad looks very
concerned can I come to captives one of
them has a bonus action casting cost and
yes okay I'm going to use patient
defense I can't see anything but I'm
gonna use it anyways okay you take the
dodge action as a bonus action on your
turn perfect so let's talk about
Ravagers what are these creatures
Ravagers are about five and a half feet
tall they've got a slicked back hair
that's almost feather like and in
instead of like hands they've got these
long stabbing claw things they've got
like an opposable digits down below for
holding little things and they make two
attacks per round with their long ass
flaws so you can't really see it but
there is a creature that moves right up
behind you sigh a Ravager and it will
present lice at you enemy in front of
you I guess it's not threatening you so
you're not being flanked but it will
make Foresight's attacks at you one two
three four Wow [ __ ] two natural ones a
15
it's less i dodge all of it the 23
that's a 17 I'm dodging yes but he has
advantage because you cannot see him he
is attacking from an unseen position Oh
nuts
look advantage and disadvantage cancel
and the last one will hit you for nine
natural ones can he cause oh and eyes
out no but he might make a saving throw
and passes it so nothing that happens
unfortunately coming around from the
other side or roll ravager this one
comes up to Vaughn this one's gonna come
up to Vaughn as well and this one has
been come down to idle on the first one
that comes up to me I should be able to
attack it yes way to miss okay
do I get my I get my bonus my halberd
fun right it's a ten no cuz that's a
bonus action but you only get on your
turn the bonus act alright is it oh
you're right you're right you're right
you're right yep okay just kidding so
the first one that comes up to you can
we just get my dice out good old feel
will make for attacks against you a11
a.22 16 and if I'm taking a dodge here
those all a disadvantage or they are a
disadvantage so with the 16 or that when
do you have hit you the 16 and the 20
would have yes okay I will reroll each
of them the what about 17 yeah of course
I will perfect so you will get hit twice
okay taking 6 plus 6 damage for 12 the
second round you're also tax you and I
mix all of its attacks at disadvantage
we have a 13 as the highest roll without
hit um no all right they all miss and
against Idol on buddy for rappers your
attacks are coming at you fools
two texts with each arm a natural one a
natural one a natural four
and a 10 so does a 15 hits you quazy I
doubt you will take nine points of
damage and it will make a saving throw
to see if a closet so nigh out and rolls
unnatural 20 totally passing a saving
throw doesn't worry in the slightest the
one inside the mouth of the giant toad
is gonna try and make an escape Jack it
has to I remember it was a pan they
asked me to get out of grapple so let me
try it was like 20 full actions and took
my entire rest of my bus character's
life like so it needs a acrobatics check
to get out DC 13 which it does not pass
that is still stuck inside your MA it is
the party's turn there's definitely one
behind you in the darkness clawing at
your back if I I can from my position I
can see three of the enemies if I use
burning hands will that make it enough
light for my friends to also fight for
this one round it will illuminate the
area low enough for everyone else to see
yes okay I tried to hit the three
enemies that I can see with burning
hands right the range of burning hands
is a 15-foot code so this guy is out of
range but you can hit these well you can
have a lot of people with that I don't
know if you can only hit the people you
want let me give you a tool to help you
do that there's my kind of faster
pastors FX
there's something behind me can someone
throw some light over here
I am about to I am about to make a lot
of light okay be able to control that
cone now and anything inside that cone
is what you touch if you hold alt while
you drag it around it won't snap to the
grid automatically so you can see that
it's gonna be a difficult shot you know
does that mean that I can hit the toad
yeah you can totally hit the toad what
yeah that'll hit the two Ravagers on the
tone wait oh if you want to know oh but
it won't hit the thing inside the toad
no no the thing on the is on the other
side of the toad oh then I will here
like this those two Ravagers yeah throw
up a burning hands which will create
temporary light over here can you now
see your stuff side yeah now you can see
forget oh hi
you see 14 dexterity say for you guys
[Music]
one passes and one failed so the one
close to you passes and we'll take half
of nine which is only four and one far
from you we'll take the whole nine
damage perfect next person in the party
drub we'll take a swallow action against
the do a big gulp right into the
[Music]
okay well grub might miss think grub is
gonna miss you will have advantage
because he is grappled yeah so yeah well
at 11 against his AC of 14 grub is going
to do Oh grub is inspired no I didn't
use its person there though even if I
had it would have been I was already an
advantage actually while you're thinking
about this I'd lon
I want you to roll me one to 20 buddy
and all over the natural one it's a wild
search time know about your wild surges
new spells remember to do this more
often
Oh next time what the quarter left I'm
going to spec the way guy I don't mean
with Porter stuff Ravager okay wait can
nice things happen on a wild search yeah
bad things mostly bad mostly good don't
don't discourage him debit these are
great things we want to see them happen
it's like fireballs that wipe out the
whole party in [ __ ] yeah six damage to
the guy not in the Frog where the guy in
the Frog oh not the guy though that I
can step back and double pro can talk
about I'll link you my mobile fees well
mainly attack against the creature you
don't provoke opportunity attacks from
that creature for the rest of the tank
Wow okay that's cool oh and I'll take
advantage of this guy in the mouth I'll
try to finish it with a punch let's see
on arm strike 21 will hit advantage yep
seven side that will frog the ravager
whoa he's going as fast the toad again
wait I guess this week I can do bigger
so grub is going to take the special
toad action and jump boy me blam not
there like right there
I'm going to need help make me a wizard
check waitwhat wisdom check grubs okay
I'm doing it
do you see 14 okay at the last minute
you realize [ __ ] this is a cave if I
jump 20 feet in the air I'm gonna stab
my head on stalactite and I might cause
a cave-in at the very least I'm gonna do
significant damage to myself don't not
high in this cave
wait but grub doesn't that good thing
it's not a pure - it's up to that much
so grab sure but you want to jump over
people's heads and you're a giant toad
right so you need to jump more than six
feet in the air plus your toad body on
top of that and that's if you're barely
clearing their heads you're gonna hit
the ceiling it's not that big of a cave
all right drop I'm sorry grub I'm sorry
I was gonna be such a cool play man all
right grub can only move here cuz I
can't I can't move through people cuz
I'm too big right you're just too big
yeah
all right I'm I'm stuck I'm stuck here
okay okay today all right um I believe I
have at a time
yes moving here doesn't give me like a
flank on the bottom guy right nope okay
in that case I'll just stay put I will
attack the guy above the one on top when
my halberd to hit another critical miss
see any roll one does he didn't roll
let's see if he claws his eyes out nope
[Laughter]
rolls two in a row mrs. well okay
weapons are not very good in the take
quarters of this cave I guess alright
that is the whole party's turn it is
time for the Ravagers this first ravager
will close with the giant toad and make
four attacks against you
giant TAC is 11 all four attacks will
hit what I rolled a 16 18 19 21 you will
take 4 d6 + 12 damage
that's a fireball dude well he came with
for tax it's tough
10 13 and 12 is 25 on to the giant toad
ribbit away half your HP I've got a
quick question is biting a torch a full
action or is it just an item interaction
it's a full action okay in fact actually
I think lighting a torch is probably
gonna be a multi round action because
you got to pull it out
it's flint and steel as a [ __ ] to do if
IV they simplify it a lot but I think
we're gonna torch lighting themed multi
round okay alright that is that rabbit
on the side this one here between the
two of you is presently flanked does not
enjoy that so it'll move to this spot
provoke any type of opportunity from
sigh I'll take it I'll try to keep it on
me by attacking it with a quarter step
13 will actually you have a twenty three
as it moves away so you will hit four
seven but now that it's comfortably over
here it'll tack idle on four times with
a seven and eight fifteen to twenty so
two more hits on the sorcerer for twelve
more points of damage I'm okay
once those front lines get opened up the
sorcerer is in real trouble and the last
two one will turn off onto the a monk
the other will stay on bond so against
the monk we have two natural 20s a
twelve and fifteen so you will take
forty six plus six damage 9 + 8 is 17
and 6 is 23 I'm really not so lucky
ok this is really good
oh you got it are you unconscious yes oh
and then the other one against Vaughn is
a seven and eight and eleven and a
sixteen sixteen hit
you will take three and three is six
damage and it is the party's turn and I
would like to make the argument that
part of the remedy that I hit would
still be snugly on fire showing us some
vision because it did not meet the
saving throw it is in fact burning
enough first of light all right I will
dim the light significantly but leave it
up thank you because it's just a small
ravager burn there we go okay everybody
in the party gets to go um the toad will
try to toad the left guy okay so
hopefully it works so we're pretty
twenty-two is a hit you bite and grapple
the creature for eight points of damage
excellent I think I can hit my big play
here I'm going to use inspiration on the
Deaf saving throw you sure you want to
do that before the rest of the party
takes their turn I think that's the best
time to do it okay go for it inspiration
inspiration death saving throw let's go
okay eighteen next try let's see what
you're doing there Vaughn whoo alright
inspiration means you take that
advantage right yes only one attack only
one attack okay I'm gonna go for a big
mean here the bottom guy
I'm gonna use my inspiration and I've
got a great weapon master attack this
bottom guy okay okay - five - the attack
roll advantage +10 to damage yep Hugh
hit um 13 that hits yes okay so though
I'm sorry I forgot about the - 5 no 14
is the creature's AC oh wait oh why
would you say that because I thought
that 5 was included in the role I got
really excited alright and then I'm
sorry oh wait actually oh my god wait
this is really good can I I can use my
precision precision
as part of the attack yes oh okay and
you cannot roll less than a 1 on that
precision tonight that's correct so for
so it will hit yes it will and it will
hit for 16 points of damage
did you obliterate the ravager i I'll
imitate the monster in front of me
pushing it into the ceiling excellent
put the levitate in there Oh an
unwilling creature must succeed on a
constitution saving throw okay let's see
if they can do it it can't
it must not what is it's gone
it rose +1 to it save here we go it
rolls a3 yes it does the floaty ravager
ravager begins to float how high up can
it go in around up to 20 feet you can
shove it up to the ceiling and it is
just pressed against the top you know
stalactite coming down next to this arm
over here its legs stuck in a crevice
that's kind of hovering around it look
an eye violently push it into one of the
stalactites for damage unfortunately a
full CC on a monster is and is really
good yeah so it can no longer hit me it
is out of melee range can I also take a
second attack against the the northern
creature so since I killed one with my
great weapon master I should be able to
attack a second you get the back attack
oh right you okay let's get overtime
yeah full attack as a bonus section yep
nice are you going to do the same cheese
first of all it's not a cheese okay it's
a gambit all right and for that secondly
no I'm just a normal attack okay okay on
the second one yes your distinction
between cheese and gambit though thank
you it's very hard to see here okay I'd
slash the monster I hit a wall my human
eyes are just not attuned to this cave
it's terrible it is tense
the party's turn
next up is the enemy Ravagers the one
inside the toad will attempt an escape
with a 18 slip itself out but that is
its action for the turn it does nothing
else Sir John so that I know you know
the heel it could be nice that's right
another wild surge check would you
please roll another one to 20 thank you
Trump Trump can you chill
wait when it's a winner you have to land
to like mess with us love one one
sometimes it's good you know I miss
having Trump as my Diaco do sometimes I
was hoping for the heel results here
uh-huh
so wait so just it if it gets a one do
you go to the wild search table you
rolled a d100 is that power something
super ended
oh my god were so fun dude it's a 5%
chance I'm like a 1% chance that
something like really bad happens mm-hmm
but at the same time he also gets the
ability to sorry first level he can
manipulate the forces of chance and
chaos to gain advantage on one attacker
all ability to check or saving throw
which we can then refresh every time I
ask for a wild surge role wait that
starting at first level you can
manipulate the forces of chance and
chaos to gain advantage on one attacker
all ability check or salmon throw once
you do so you must finish a long rest
before you can use the feature again
however anytime before you regain use of
this feature the DM can have you roll on
the wild magic surge table immediately
after casting a spell slot and then you
get the feature back so whenever you
want you can sort of just be like I want
advantage on this next roll and you get
it but then I get to [ __ ] with you too
it's a good trade
thanks I haven't used a yet No so where
you [ __ ] with me cuz you can use it
in the future
oh this this d20 right here was for the
the levitate spell yeah that's only
there's a little one then you get a lot
of magic search but whenever you want to
wild magic search just roll that vid
mm-hmm anyway that's one ravager the top
ravager going against vol
the only thing standing between the
sorcerer and certain death let's see can
we you know what we might just ignore
Vaughn know where I actually
specifically moved my character to stand
in between you know he could in theory
get past you he'd taken attack of
opportunity to do it and you did just
obliterate that other guy so I'm gonna
give him a morale check to see if he can
work his way past you and he's not gonna
pass his morale check he's gonna stay
and fight you rather than take the
attack of opportunity well that monster
would would suicide to actually kill
someone though I gotta understand if it
was like an evil demon or something but
well yeah he's not gonna suicide he's a
little easier he thinks it is certain
death and so he's not gonna do it I
think pass the morale check he would
have been confident that you weren't a
threat to him and then he could take out
the sorcerer first the attacks against
you are a nine and nine to twelve
hundred twelve miss miss miss and a miss
fantastic and this last guy up here does
nothing I he's just stuck he attempts
push himself off of the ceiling and
float down towards you he gives a mighty
kick I'll have a make it strength Jack
mighty kick natural twenty holy [ __ ]
tells himself off of me I'm gonna rule
the [ __ ] out of this are you give it to
me there is no way that happens he's
magically affected by levitate being
push up by a force of will of a caster
there's no way he gets its total CC the
target can only move by pushing or
pulling against a fixed object within
reach such as a wall or a ceiling which
allows it to move as if it were climbing
benzos which is side to side yeah yeah
yeah yeah cuz we had this in in gnome
stones and catacombs we ruled that the
that remember we I cast levitate against
a Griffin yeah and couldn't move down
right right yeah so this isn't he's not
flying down he's pushing
off the ceiling and if we're gonna say
levitate it's as strong as gravity then
this is the equivalent of him like
jumping to try and reach Eidolon there's
no way it's gonna allow him to get off
all of his attacks but I'll say he can
get one swipe at a lon
with a natural 20 on a strength check
it's one hell of an ethical force a
Guernsey against Shirley since I can
lift 500 pounds this should be at a
disadvantage all right I'll give it to
you it distance well sure you might want
this one day when I levitate you into a
wall you might be will desperately
wanting the situation to come in your
favor
then I will not get levitated just don't
get levitated also what's the next one
attack taking all to make one of his
four attacks against you two anyway who
cares not even worth it and that is the
end of the monsters round parties turn
death saving for his eye yes how does
this work can do I have to use my entire
action to concentrate nope you you can
just ignore him oh just don't cast
another concentration spell yep I'm
taking my party member needs more light
right so I should like make light
somewhere yeah you could cast a light
spell in a different spot can hi how
about I move up here and then cast light
on on Vaughn the light disappears from
one place and reappears in the other I
think yeah can I have I put it on a
sword or fun thing I think you know
multiple lights of the suit now no it
says that this beer can I put it on his
forehead now put it on the sword you
cast the lights fell on his halberd it
now glows
grub grub eats eats the Beast vitamin
vitamin C will hit he is grappled once
again oh that's right because um he
escaped yeah okay undo me some fight
damage you got it sixteen you know you
actually killed him he dies haha I want
it I wanted drug wants to eat him just
little you cannot resist you can swallow
him right well not into the acid pit
into the perch what happens when you
transform back into a doublet okay oh
wait can move right now you see this guy
okay
I'm gonna move to the other side then
I'm gonna take this at advantage and
I'll declare another great weapon master
hit so alright five to my attacker all
so 14 does that hit yes it does hey
meter beeps oh that's gonna be nineteen
damage will slay what's and with that I
do believe we're out of combat I know
there's still one stuck to the ceiling
but he poses no threat to you are you
sure maybe he'll roll of twenty and move
the entire cave hold on you're right we
should check or maybe he'll roll a
perfect 20 and really actually pushing
so hard against one of those stalactites
that he actually his foot goes through
it oh he'll take give me D four points
of damage on for stabbing stepping on
himself
can he roll it now he's 20 and then
remember that he's a lich and then
destroy us all with a little nine can we
just arranged him down what range on how
far are busy did you say 20 20 feet yeah
yeah he's like 15 to 20 feet I'm just
gonna I'll wait below him and I'll just
tell him I don't always my arrows or
actually do we need yeah oh we can pick
our arrows up again when he comes down
wait I'm gonna wait wait I have an idea
what if grub stands underneath
and jumps up and then headbutts them
into the wall yes I can I can just wait
I know I can actually I can literally
just ask this Bosh's to death I can just
cuz that's infinite I can just like but
that wouldn't be nearly as cool as if I
had one of them to death but no but that
can cause a cave-in it's kind of worth
the chance of killing the whole party
it's hard enough as it is okay to death
you can ask the splash in 60 times you
know assume that just kills them and not
roll any dice for it alright I'd imagine
the way that really looks is like like
like the acid like covers it and it just
like melts to the grounds like this pile
of goo that like like I don't want just
like created just turn it into it's like
really spooky right like becomes like a
pile of goo mm-hmm yeah well now that
the creature is done dripping down from
the ceiling the party is in the cave and
we are at our next breakpoint so why
don't we take a short break and when we
come back in about five minutes we will
continue exploring the lair of the
Dragon hello everybody and welcome back
to empires of Arcadia we are still in
the minds not the minds the cave our
giant toad is here still in toad form at
half HP got some light on Vaughn's
weapon so Vaughn I'm just gonna make you
low for the time being not really good
low but just emit light in a magical way
that doesn't really produce a lot of
shadows
ambient light appearing around you
rub-on codes alright you are no longer a
toad what happens to the thing inside
him well this is a fearsome thing to
behold because you see this toad and
then all of a sudden the toad starts
like shrinking backwards and out of its
mouth spews this corpse as the toad like
they push each other in opposite
directions and then grubs just left
lying on the ground clutching his
stomach because it just it's no it's
like if you don't burp nothing is right
hi friends so now we in trouble because
if anything else in cave we in big
trouble ah grub Kimba client but grub
can become tiny grub and tell if anyone
is in cave but then we can't then grub
can't fight no more
grub I think you should save your
conversations with the rocks or whatever
for an important more important matter I
feel like if there were any more
creatures in here they would have rushed
in what we're fighting no I think so too
what if it's like a trap creature I mean
I think we could just proceed with
caution and be ok yeah let's explore the
rest of the cave but I mean we our
friend is dying on the floor two people
almost dead
we don't can are any of you healers do
any of you have any healing abilities at
all
Oh drop the kitten drop can grab maybe
grub should grub our monk then maybe
that'll be the best thing to do for now
hey you feel better then grub comes over
and like kicks him very lightly
did it work doesn't nope he's still
unconscious grub looks up okay he better
now
grab on I mean I looked down at him and
I looked back up at grub wait crowd have
to do better
yes okay hang on grub starts like
chanting
and then grub takes like a little bit of
dust and throws it at zai and casts
healing word 6hp
eyes alive hey you get up yeah my
cellphone my quarters stop the staff and
stand up how come you know get up when I
kick here I must prefer a healing magic
stand your heal
what grub don't know what that is grub
had to talk to dirt and then dirt made
you better
you think dirt how about we take a short
10 minute break to recuperate or how
long I'm gonna feel in 10 minutes a
short rest is overnight eight hours oh
oh can I hit on welcome it is not even
balanced I think we think we carefully
pour the rest of the cave hey yeah I
agree with grub bleeding again
yeah would you want me to put out the
light me bad we can just hold on to the
light I mean yeah we should hold on to
it
wait um he can probably like hold his
hand over the light and then just let go
when we wanted to shining it if you were
to put it on something like the size of
a rock that could be fine but you passed
it on his halberd which is far too big
to like come but surely that's just like
I thought that it would just make one
small illuminating ball on the halberd
no no the it causes the thing that is
enchanted too close okay
I'm curious if I were to craft a halberd
that was like 1,000 feet long and he
would have cast a limitation that I have
a massive LED strip then you might as
well see what happens if you cast light
on the earth right in that case it'll
just be in the area of effect the the
volume will not exceed the volume of the
spell so if the item is larger than the
volume the spell would you know it'll
just Center okay so I pick up a rock a
cast light on it and I give it to a
perfect
that's that is the good solution why
don't you just cast light on the whole
cave Ezrin all right light up this light
up the whole [ __ ] don't make me if you
have like maybe a whole solar system if
he cast light on like a glass of water
on the water itself could the water glow
the water would be what produces the
light but it's not like shiny it doesn't
okay right what if you cast it on a
thing of water and then we boiled the
water then where were the little hole
sounds like we should test
you guys should build a fire right now
and try it okay what are you gonna do
now um follow grab through the rest of
the cave and okay no more no more light
are we covering the light cover light um
okay okay I know I didn't cover the
light with my shirt or something sure
okay you guys want to go right or left
more right follow wherever we think the
dragon went it looks like the right side
is for the dragon but this work actually
there are some clear marks behind us
that I look at it before you cover up
the light there are there any marks yeah
you can see the dragon definitely goes
to the right very clearly okay let's go
all right also can I get the entire
party to make me stealth check right now
we still have bridge quietness after
that battle we still have passed that
race you did get hit once oh we never
check to see if you maintained
concentration as a toad oh no you got
hit like four times for like for small
amounts of damage you might still have
passed without a trace oh I'm Romie for
constitution's how many times did you
got hit four times so you want that word
we're all got hit four times yeah only
once though at that very opening salvo
I'm gonna roll crab who's Constitution
is better
let's see Constitution four times so
it's this already lost there we go to do
without pass without a trace okay
nice natural one
hey I guess it makes sense he's injured
he's kind of dragging his leg isn't
being as careful as it could be oh yeah
hobbling on a cane clink-clink as walks
but grub is first so it shouldn't it
shouldn't be like every grub is going
alone that it's fine but if everyone's
con going behind you then everyone needs
to be involved the chain is only as
strong as its weakest link so up here
the paths diverge is and you can see
grub the dragon goes this direction okay
you should all that grub go
I think grub come back and tell you what
there hmm I actually think that might be
okay there doesn't seem to be anything
patrolling here in the [ __ ] and we
could probably turn on the light here
and be relatively safe yeah go for it
grub okay bye okay but let's give us the
light yes I will give you a light all
right grandma you will continue walking
through the cave as you proceed you can
see that path eventually opens larger
and larger until you enter into a room
middle of the room a sort of a dip with
a series of stalactites and stalagmites
rounded that some of them form columns
this dip has the bones of the victims
this dragon most of them aren't human
most of them are animal but there were a
couple of humanoid looking things in
here you also see some Ravager claws you
see some giant bones as well but no sign
of any monsters as you dig around
in the cave you do come across a little
bit of treasure huh what come see it's
here is it a Baba Yaga's Hut and no no
why not because the dragon cuz you don't
put a hot inside of a cave that's that's
redundant
you don't need double roofing well it's
a very small Hut construction cost would
be astronomical why would you build two
roofs and maintain both especially in
California yeah cuz then now you would
need two sets of solar panels too and
that's just also worthless then you have
to go through like Dragon OSHA and
everything and they have to like do the
building permits and everything is gonna
do without any power you know right yeah
anyway I just want to apply my second
one real quick saying go for the loot
that you find is in a few different
forms but by far the most alluring thing
that you come across is a series of
bronze plates that are each quite thin
less than a quarter of an inch maybe
like an eighth of an inch or a sixteenth
of an inch thick they're all about 11
inches tall ten inches wide maybe nine
inches wide and they have carved texts
into them this is not a language that
you know how to read because you guys
don't have a written word here in Yaka
or Yuma so this is there's no way you'll
ever know what's on these things unless
you can find someone who does read which
but it's metal and metal is really rare
here right yeah but it is a metal
engraved series of plaques a whole bunch
of them they stack up to about this tall
they weigh altogether about 40 pounds
quite heavy okay and they are hooked
together on a larger brass ring or three
brass rings that hold them together so
you can turn them like a spiral binder
almost like a book
it could be like a book yeah nothing I
don't think anything else with 20
perception around yeah there's also a
few small coins like there's a small
pile of them off to one side
it's only a handful it's really quite
pitiful to be honest what kind of coin
looks these coins are some gems they're
coins made of silver and gold mostly and
then there are a small handful of
precious stones aren't you silver and
gold coins also really rare they are
super rare yeah yeah
no one's minted a coin on this island
for probably twelve hundred fourteen
hundred years so how many coins
specifically you get thirty silver coins
and seventy gold coins damn okay
anything else ten gems ten gems okay
tried to say gems or specific gems or
it's too dark in the cave to really make
any details out take a look okay and
that's it that's all is there it and the
big yeah forty pound binder but we don't
know this right right you guys are just
your thumbs and darkness okay so can
grub pick up everything and come back if
you can carry that much weight yes I
think so describes has to move pretty
slow sure you get back to the grub gets
back to the party hello friends grub
come back with presents can I turn on
the light look what grab phone yeah yeah
there nobody here okay I'm cheaper stone
okay okay look at this grub find this
this thing and holds up like the bronze
plates grub think that this is really
hard stuff grub not seen before and
there's something on here that somebody
drew picture sometimes grub like to draw
a picture but this is better picture
hands it over also grub find grub find
golds and maybe and grub nose Gold's
when gold sees it because grub is Gobbo
and then grub shows the pile of coins as
well
well it's the drawing thing the history
of this place so do we know what gold
silver books are books wait oh those are
three different things got it yeah no
you have you treated with the dwarves in
particular gold and silver coins that
are sometimes found in monsters lairs
although it gets increasingly more and
more rare or sometimes in ancient ruins
these things are come across have been
caught and the orbs want them they love
the gold and silver and the gems so
anytime your people come across them
they're just kind of like pile them up
into this pyramid in Yaka and wait for
some excuse to trade in Forbes and then
they'll use them for that but you don't
have any other particular use for them
yourselves so you're aware of their
value we know what a book is I don't
think so
I don't think you know of a book you
might know of writing but even that is
pretty uncommon give me a Arkana check
to see if you know anything about
writing all of us are yeah do you see 10
my lawn has seen writing in dwarven
holds before and has even chatted with a
dwarf about it
zai has seen writing and grub has seen
writing so maybe Eidolon knows what a
book is like yeah I'm getting them all
about of the way now um I would quite
like to see the dragon room and
investigate it more carefully to see if
there was anything you missed grub just
was this it from the coins and this
writing thing yep grub real good at
finding things so don't think nothing
there can look if you want there nobody
in there
okay let's move to the dragon room that
place is spooky
can i hmm yeah I want to like carefully
look around and see if there's like
something like hidden around sure
give me a perception check as you search
the area you have some sort of search
very very carefully mode in five point
do you want to take all the time in the
world you can take ten on the roll and
if you want to take twice the time of
the world you can take twenty on the
roll you know if you spend a week in
this cave searching it I would allow you
to take twenty how long does it take so
one week is taking twenty unless moving
it for two hours if you can devote if
you can devote five minutes for every
hundred square feet you can take twenty
right maybe more than ten minutes for
every hundred square feet but that's
easy math so this room is roughly 125 by
125 five that's just for the floor plus
the walls which are rounded so gonna be
a little bit better but it's gonna be
like 125 on the side plus times four
times about 15 feet high so it's 23,000
feet
it's prayer feet so that would be 2231
ten minutes divided by 62 38 man-hours
divided by four is nine man hour nine
hours for each of you so if you spend a
whole day searching this cave and
actually searching it then you can take
a twenty should we do it oh this is a
dragon lair III cannot think of anything
more important to spend time on it
really nice for any hidden treasures
here's the thing no one come bother
dragon and lair because they all still
think dragon alive yes possibly yeah
yeah yes is a good place to rest also so
make a searching and the night rusty I
agree we also want to probably consider
maybe searching the the cave of the two
tullman as well the two giants outside
although maybe later of course well as
you can see I point towards the there's
a giant bone here right yes I don't
think that those two got along very well
yeah possibly they could have riches of
their own no they could but I don't know
well there are giant bones here which
means the giant bone Giants lose two
dragons which means we could probably
take them on but there might be a lot of
Giants in there everyone gets it dragons
still alive nobody nobody come here
let's check this place out first
yeah yes we search all right you will
spend a whole day searching this area
[Music]
interesting so everyone is searching all
day long that means nobody's watching
right you've got no guards posted
because everyone's dedicated to
searching
sure query that sounds great wait I'm
thinking about that let's see is there
like nothing do I was told everyone
wanted to search for nine hours yeah can
you just do you guys are you guys
carrying anything that would make some
sort of noise like an early trap
detection trap like noise maker oh I
have royalty alarm system but I think I
left it at the other villagers I mean
rope will do no I don't have anything
yeah I wrote wait yeah I do I uh I got a
rope as well yeah I rope and I have a
hammer we could like tied the rope
around the hammer so then if somebody
like walks into the Rope the hammer will
drag around the ground and make a noise
excellent I was just thinking of tying
several strips of rope horizontally so
that it would create a very very minor
barricade such a barricade might buy us
a few seconds which is enough if - what
well I have an idea as well I can also
put a light on the Rope so at least
we'll see if somebody like toast things
it smart they and we just need someone
else to have a torch of some kind but
then anybody wandering by is gonna be
seeing a light emitting from the cave no
yeah I mean they're gonna hear us and
see us anyway right at least we don't
care like if we're really one we could
just take our shifts and keep watch at
the entrance no it would maybe slow our
search down by a few hours but yeah I'd
rather taste it
okay who is going when you watch where
are you going to be watching from are
you gonna be watching from the mouth
right here or way back at the very
beginning of the cave one of the other
turns that you came across probably here
by the mouth right here I guess the
person keeping watch would be whatever
airs most healthy so grub
when grub keeps watch he constantly
turns in 360 degrees over and over again
Wow okay grub I want you to make me a
perception check twenty
do you want another one like see if it
beats funny
yes I wanted an active check as well but
I know you got your passive of 20 yeah
alright you are gonna hear some distant
voices coming into the cave and they are
speaking goblin why yes there's the
sound of goblins come in okay let me
hear them you can hear them from a good
ways off there in the cave somewhere and
you can hear their big long flat feet
slapping on the ground and you hear you
can hear the conversation one goblin is
saying no no no no no no no no stick
more important than log and the other
goblins like no no no no no no log more
important than stick without log stick
does Mountain make good noise and the
first one goes no without stick log does
not make good noise and almost like nope
without stick log make noise with hand
the other goblin can get hurt and can
now work all time and you can hear this
conversation as these like big floppy
feet are hittin the ground is like
slapping noises okay grub grub runs back
good friends friends some some Gobbo is
coming maybe grub friend they in very
deep thinking talk they thinking a lot
really smart gobos there's no reason to
think that goblins would be friends of
ours let's prepare to kill them grub
know every Gobbo every Gobbo is friend
to grub
I dropped my offered and then em these
combos are real smart
these gobos talking about big think
things maybe we should go at the front
and greet them if they try to come in
then grub grab can you let's say hi I
don't think you should say hi grow maybe
we'll see if they come in to us first
otherwise maybe they're going off to
visit some other friends oh you want to
stay real quiet and see what gobblers
deal yeah okay so that's it
grub think they're friends so maybe grub
go talk to them later or maybe not grub
Oh grub looks sad why don't you just
position yourself in the room where you
think you are at this moment goblins are
usually hostile to us right yeah the
goblins do counts in the wild are
usually hostile there are a few that
live in Yaka grubs one of them that are
pretty chill but what wilderness goblins
are usually pretty unfriendly how about
we put some gems on the ground by the
cave mouth see if they go for them then
we attack and kill them when they're
surprised why you want to kill Gobbo
they're wild goblin yeah he said we
found Tim's right yes they were they
were gemmed oh and in the light of the
light spell you can see what type of
gems they are - yeah I didn't realize
you'd shared that with us yeah grab told
you everything okay hmm
rob is a very honest grub right make me
some dice rolls here determine what type
of gem you get roaming t100 that's fun
oh I like that
65
give me a d14 they are jade dark green
jade of stones got it we're not in a
great position to fight so I think that
if we put the gems by the cave entrance
if the goblins are going in here they'll
see them and go for them if they're not
going in here then we pick them up and
continue searching wait I mean if they
gobbles then they just passing through
they not come here then if they're
passing through it doesn't matter anyway
well yeah cuz then we have less gem and
Jen real rare no we're putting them in
the cave entrance where we are now by
the mouth just so they're going without
noticing us we stand on the sides and
attack them as they come in if they come
in if they don't we leave them alone no
no really
nothing much hey hey you hear a goblin
voice calling at you from the darkness
they can hear me they came into the cave
and I slowly moved their tokens while
you guys were talking not including time
where I was looking through books
you heard goblins at the front door and
then you talked about it for 15 minutes
and they're here now that was 15 minutes
well guys Oh
clearly I'm being hyperbolic on the time
I didn't think hi friends I draw my
Halpert and I'm just ready to dodge I'm
not entirely sure where they're at right
now but they're ready unless it's brush
hey where's dragon ah drag it out right
now
oh yeah you um who you know for you
I'm gotta be Gobbo what's up gobble what
new bubble yeah do Cabo you new Cabo no
oh god oh oh I like old gobbler why him
what your name
whoa good one you're smart Gobbo I know
I'm crumb Oh
good name good name
you follow dunk nope dub dub yeah and
anthrax grub follow dub grub also dub
dub dub mmm this is all goblin by the
way okay boy uh-huh
that's better anthe plus done equals yes
step way better than dubstep no really
oh yeah oh yeah oh you gobble work for
work for Jaggi uh-huh good job
ja draggy dragon call us here too
but me no oh okay well you know what
dude right yeah yeah we know what do
okay good I tired shoveling poop yeah
yeah sometimes that real bad girl gonna
do that lot too okay bye bye and they
leave Oh God pull strong weapon Agnes
comes in talks to you okay so they real
good Gobbo uh they work for green dragon
lady
they say um they say that I tell them I
know what do and you know Gobbo tres
gumbo cuz gobble good
so gobble know what do so they know what
do now we know what do all good let's
continue searching but be careful just
because they left now doesn't mean they
won't ambush us later they know the good
gobble here the rest of the search is
fruitless you have already found to be
treasures of anthrax
she put her most valuable and important
possessions on display where she could
see them night and day and I say we
after our short dress we were turned
home and get along rested we don't care
at all about what might be in the caves
of the Giants
I don't care until I've rested okay it's
a fair right um
[Music]
also there is rested caved but I think
lots of things going on in this cave if
Gobbo here that means um lots of stuff
maybe we come back here later weren't
what were the goblins doing here oh they
work for Dragon well then I mean it's
not like they're gonna be here for much
longer no no no no they they um I tell
them they know what to do so they go do
it they go do fun Gobbo stuff I'm
jealous jealous kind of what other
withdrawals means um grub kind of sad
actually cuz you know they get to go do
fun goblin stuff and we were stuck here
well thank you for finding a diplomatic
solution dip-dip got to head home
grabbed you good grab do good indeed
good right we solely she's your Solis
come grab grab can we find a way out of
the cave well sneaky
yes you can make your way back out of
the cave rest first
yes great question yes sleep in the cave
as well yeah it's too short for us to
okay and we'll take watch this as well
that's fine your rest passes without
problem you may all spend hit dice if
you have them and you also gain a head
die
the way we gain one hit day on top of
the hip die or yeah you see you gain a
hit die every time you sleep and then
the morning you spend your head dies too
he'll go for it max it die we don't gain
a hit diet before suddenly you
regenerate a lost hit die before at
night and then in the morning you can
spend them okay if you were at 3:00 you
go to four but if you got four you
staying for got it
okay oh you thought my head does and I'm
not full yet wait anymore the money
Thank You needs to you may use as many
as you have
Oh
and make sure you subtract them when you
use them there's a should be a little
counter in there that you can have one
left now manage all right the party can
exit the cave yeah it is idle oh and
rolled me at D 24 24 yeah D 24
sixteen all right when you exit the cave
it is the middle of the afternoon you
can tell because the fog has already
burned off and the Sun is out in the sky
it is a little bit rainy despite there
being no clouds out there I will bring
you to the edge of the cave and those
damn dirty Giants are still out here
although they're not playing their their
ball game anymore they're throwing game
they are just perched on top of these
cliffs dangling their feet over the edge
looking out over the jungle they're just
chilling
I'll ask rub those goblins tell you if
they came in through the front door came
what don't know what now those Cabos
tell you if they walk through here now
do you think they walks through here now
okay okay I think we should just try to
sneak far down by the river since they
don't seem to be moving at the moment
what I think we should try to sneak down
by the river so we were further away
from the Giants then head home so we can
get a good rest yeah one of I'm pretty
sneaky way is to just let the is that
river current flowing stuff it is we can
just let the river carry us or grub can
just think the trees and ask them to
make us real quiet oh yeah another what
you can speak to trees that many times
excellent well you just if you just
speak to tree then tree always speak you
don't run out of voice silly I see yeah
well then let us do that okay do it now
yeah
okay hey hey hey Grubb turns to a wall
hey you you gotta make us real quiet
okay nobody know you have to be the most
secret wall very quiet
Grubb tells the wall stand so still it's
not gonna move even a little bit
that's how quiet that wall is being
perfect stillness Grubb like scrub
reaches down and he goes out of his pack
and finds the little piece of trash that
you gave him earlier and puts it down in
front of the wall and says you're a good
wall the wall true to its silent form
gives you nothing back just as its
supposed to
excellent okay grab goes over it says
okay well make us real quiet now okay
ready you guys are gonna sneak into the
river and then just float let the river
flow you down yeah I don't really want
to get wet I don't want to go well let's
just go you're just gonna take the same
road you didn't okay so that's a 23 a 23
a 30
oh my god you're like the opposite of me
how many net wasn't I rolled is somebody
critical twenties Jesus all right the
party is on their way traveling
Hey zai would you give me a D 220 what I
love these random not die circle this
one right in the middle okay you guys
get to about here when something goes
terribly wrong
it's a badger and the badger startles
Vaughn and Vaughn takes a readied swing
and slashes the Badgers head off but in
the process the the halberd makes noise
when it collides some stone nearby and
the Badgers death screech for a moment
the Giants are alerted to your presence
rock and roll initiative when we come
back from break I like them labor text I
slash its head off and in death
screeches so that was terrible exp bonus
for killing a badger Oh true true is
that a level actually is he level five
no no we'll deal with it after the fight
all right
meeting in now we are live sorry I
didn't let us roll initiative as I
rolled and then grub rolled for
initiative so I think it's Vaughn's turn
to roll for initiative thank you that's
great and that is a solid initiative
rolls for like evite yeah this is the
moment dude were waiting for him um so
they haven't seen us right oh the noise
comes you guys take a tentative look to
the Giants and they like get up to stand
on their rocks and look over where you
are they've been alerted to your
presence wait really
but there's so many bushes right so they
don't need they found they haven't
directly seen us right if you can see
the Giants they can see you so either
you can see them which means they can
see you or you can't see them so you
don't know if they've seen you or not oh
yeah well where I I think we want to
just right tell you
run-run cheese it because we have like
that we don't leave footsteps and stuff
so we just want to we're gonna take if
we take a full action to move how much
more can we run double your movement
speeds so if your movement is normally
30 you can go 60 so we want to do that
and with pass without a trace on it's in
total silence and it doesn't create any
tracks okay so we do that
[Music]
all right I have made 50 feet shadows
and silence radiates room asking in your
fans from detection blah blah blah can't
be tracked except for magical means blah
blah blah leaves no traces behind you
plus 10 tear stealth all right so idle
on runs 62 who's next I'll do the same
yep and then I'll do the same
alrighty
excellent okay so the first giant what's
Vaughan has moved on
let's see giant rock range
60 / 240 Vaughn do you want to move
yourself to this particular location I'm
just falling there the rest place no
problem alright
the first giant is gonna pick up a
boulder and hurl it 105 feet 205 feet
towards BA Eidolon see he's got
disadvantage because your long range for
his rock throw but here it come
steep 20 plus 8 disadvantage on this
role 19 thank god that's a disadvantage
otherwise that would have been a crit
and eidolon you're gonna take only the
first role not the second one
27 John giant rock flies across the
battlefield and cracks you on the side
27 27 yep that is the exactly enough to
knock me out I have been saying all
right yeah big rock flies out of nowhere
and hits Ida law and square in the body
tosses him near the river a little bit
as he rolls to a stop in the muddy
ground unconscious
the second Boulder is gonna fly at grub
Oh No all right here it comes crowd
ready rock at disadvantage 16 to hit I
think it does I think so yeah the rock
will hit you for 20 points of damage
grub hits you in the side you go
tumbling with the rock too
but that is as far as I don't can I go
as far as I don't 1 what sure you both
move two squares I think it's important
can I transform into a giant toad eat
Eidolon and then jump away you can
transform as a bonus action yeah you can
eat him as an action because he is
unconscious or would not resist yeah you
have your movement that's okay
so I'm gonna do that where you gonna go
I'm just doing I guess the most I can do
is a frog leap which is 30 feet right I
guess you just have your also your
normal frog movements 20 speed 20 block
40 swim
20 what 20 block 40 swim you can swim
this way with 20 feet or you can swim 40
feet as an action I can walk 20 but
there's a frog leap right it's it's it's
called I'm here let me click this way
yeah yeah so I could it's the same okay
okay so I can either go so what is down
here in the river
well oh I see wait wait so could I go
wait if I could swim 40 feet could I
could I go hold on I need to do the roar
could I go here and then jump up 10 feet
up that cliff you'd be out of movements
you can get to that spot and that would
be it can i submerge sure okay yeah
we're doing that
alright you pick up Idol on swim on over
here submerge in the water yeah all
right
remaining party members take your
actions would you say that this hill
giant attack is a missile attack
absolutely fantastic okay I'm waiting
missile [ __ ] do you have those if
it's like a matching thing these rocks
are a little too big to camera it's too
big to catch the monks have this pillar
called the Flex missiles you're gonna
kua exactly out of the way okay cool I'm
on board
Vaughn and zai I have 62 movement right
yes yep so I'll take my 60 feet of
movement
you just bolt and zai okay I gonna stand
next to my friends here
I'll take believe that all right the
Giants will go and they will come on
down 40 feet towards you guys and let's
measure the distance again are you
within the 240-foot range for them yes
you were still within 240 feet so the
first giant is going to hurl a rock at
the giant toad this time I'm submerged
there's got another friend you're
submerged at sea so he's got a pearl
that sigh so sigh here comes attack of
disadvantage 11 to hit no get a CT Oh
short the missile back at him if if it's
small enough I could do that this is not
small enough
roldy twenty-second rock is being curled
on actually I don't think they can hit
that bond I think they're stuffed at
targets I exercise in front
otherwise stay with cover so again that
sigh disadvantage on the attack roll 18
oh that's a hit okay the flight a
missile hit you 429 maybe not okay so
when I'm hit by a ranged weapon attack
the damage I'm taking is reduced by d-10
plus your decks modifier Plus at my
level so that's one be 10 plus 4 plus 4
so minus 15 damage all right now you
take 14 damage instead of 29 okay okay
the buggers coming right at me but I
swiftly push it towards the water
knock towards the water I push it away
from the water party's turd
okay so I can jump ten feet up and then
do 50 feet of movement on it was a full
action right no not if you're walking
across land then you can only do 20 feet
once if I'm doing a - action - so it's
like well I'm using everything to do it
then you can go 40 feet yeah okay we're
doing that all right so you pop up and
go on screen and I'm getting behind the
tree - yeah yeah out of there yeah yeah
with with the IDA one however far 60
feet of movie so I believe I'm 20 feet
off screen yep all right all right you
guys make it off the edge of the map
however in the meantime eidolon has been
within the mouth of this frog and needs
to make his death saving pros ooh wait
why Oh cuz you know yours that zero no
he's unstable yeah he's stable just
unconscious yeah no he's why is it
stable because he's at exactly zero
you're always at zero there is no
negative HP in fifth edition' if you get
to zero you're about to make that sales
really oh this stupid addition all right
oh don't make me first one is pass
that's the brown that you were hit the
second one was around that you got to
the the ridge pass third round is out
fail okay so now that the parties within
the line of the trees
you're still in frog form he's still in
your mouth yeah but you're within the
tree line and the tree line is gonna
give you guys some really significant
cover against large missiles like those
rocks I don't know if you feel like
you're entirely safe but any attacks
that you now missile attacks will have
minus five to hit you it's up to you
guys what you want to do here at the
edge of the tree line is he's stable
he's in your mouth and you don't really
know he doesn't know feel like yeah
there's a body in your throat um I'm
gonna keep running at least a few more
rounds like at least one more round okay
yeah I mean one more death safe don't
roll one shut up you have to you have to
get him out and kill him
oh there's gonna be
okay 5% chance of death but he made it
out Chuck all right the party escapes
the Giants and emerges back into the
woods Russians say emerges the
re-emerges is that a term I think so all
right you're in the woods in the jungle
once more you have a two-day journey and
a day and a half to do it in through the
woods with an unconscious Idol on Romy
1.d4 I don't want to see how many hours
you're unconscious all right so you're
gonna be unconscious for the whole day
basically
so partway through the day so Grubb is
gonna come out of toad form mm-hmm and
grab well Grubbs gonna throw some dirt
on Ida on and say hey hey you you wake
up now the cast healing word all right
6hp nevermind you guys can walk Oh what
happened um big man throw a big rock and
then you not very good for you my entire
body is so sore yeah that happened when
you get hit by big rock it happened to
grub to grub no feel too good right now
um so we got to leave okay everything
hurts I've seen it I have pain in place
this I did not know I had places roll me
a d20 design as you guys marched across
the map on this day of movement
a nine okay it's here day they were spit
all over me oh that long story Grubb
tell you later to do you follow me no if
I sit Grubb swallow then um then uh
Casas then caste man no good but you
know Grubb just puts you in pocket oh I
did not consent to this it's okay
most people don't consent to gob oh well
but Gobbo here anyway that night you
guys make your encampment near some
ancient ruins of some long lost
civilization what is your watch order
wait we're Justin we're in the ruins of
some lost civilization that sounds
awesome can you tell us there's a large
archway some fallen rocks some weird
stones that have large holes in them
that look like there's a purpose but for
the life of you you can't know what the
purpose of this is there's a tiled
ground made of hexagons below you that's
mostly covered by earth it's plants and
trees growing up between them I would
like to use my my ground skill thing and
make us like it came to rest it is there
a Baba Yaga's Hut no there's no Baba
Yaga Hut here either
no spoilers there are no Baba Yaga huts
on this entire island we'll see I would
like to make his arresting I'll be the
older that so you're gonna dig a pit
with movers yeah and height is the way
see few target area loose earth you can
excavate it you can call shape some
colors
if the dirt or stony target it's on the
ground because it took up difficult
terrain ok so how big of a pit are you
gonna dig for you guys to sleep in and
how are you gonna get in and out of your
I figured I would do it there what are
the buildings and sort of under it so we
could hide without being seen yeah
that's smart that's very clever all
right so you guys dig a pit under the
edge of this large stone archway it's
the only structure that's really
standing everything else is just like
loose stones everywhere before heading
down into the hole can I kind of like
they go under I just kind of like put my
hand on the stone thing you're just kind
of like wiggle it back and forth
I'm sure the holes are gonna cause the
whole thing to collapse or something
like you don't wake up you die didn't
you see it seems solid it's not gonna
nothin
so do we get a hit day not quite yet I'm
making some rolls for what's going on
tonight
yeah okay that's fine
you guys wake up the now in the morning
you can expend your hit dice do we have
any hit dice to expend I think one crumb
Oh everyone should gain one I have a
wife having slept can I use the one that
I again as well yes absolutely so you
should be able to spend two how much how
much matter how much HP I asked in 20
hell yeah let's head home [ __ ]
as I did you only roll the three hit
points not only gots I don't want to hit
that oh it's terrible real high on a
snow shadow dude just roll hard eight
head lets us go back and rest
oh wait so we rested overnight and now
we're going back yeah cuz you can only
travel so far in a day that's two darts
travel at night really grub like this
hole why not we stay in here whole week
I want to bet grub I'm old and I need to
sleep
hey gob asleep on for its big time I can
sympathize with that Idol on there is
nothing like a warm bed with a warm cup
of tea in your hand yes I agree boy back
in Gobbo day gobble only need pilot
ration that's good for Gobbo we will get
you the biggest pile of trash back at
home maybe yes ok grub take trash from
grub looks around for a pile of trash
that he can throw a piece of trash there
in the hole grub grub still looking you
find some dirt is it a blue stone tell
me about the stone Oh ugly just like
yeah it's covered in dirt and you can't
really make out its own colour little
bits of stuff keep rolling off of it
wait making sure that grab can't
announce his attractiveness he needs to
roll for it though grub is definitely a
US are you assuming grubs attractiveness
and mm I need I'm not assuming anything
you are so I want to see a role for it
may come roll for attractiveness is it
3d six if you wish to roll for your own
hotness it is 3d six
I want a disadvantage your character you
may declare hotness if you want because
it's your character you can decide what
you look like but real people three to
six okay I'm really 3d thing oh I am
ugly you're one standard deviation below
the norm like at the bottom a standard
deviation
like it Oh crumb it's a pretty one Ben's
eyes average okay well actually you're
technically zyv Vaughn and Grover all
within the domain of average which is
eight to thirteen only Eidolon is
outside of the realm of average gruff
wants to take a little bit the ugly
stone with grub grub found new friend
grub will call this sir Stone grubbing
ten the second let this be careful when
moving back home let's take extra make
extra caution to make sure we do not run
into any parties I dunno what to be
waylaid by enemies
well Trombley who's the first one out of
the hole in the morning oh when you
asked like that
a giant's waiting there he instantly
hits you with a boulder and you seems
like the kind of guy that would just
want to get out and be awake and be
alive during the world that's in
character grub does that all right grub
wants to grub wants to show the trees
outside of stone so it's stone so it
goes outside and goes and shows into the
trees all right grab as you were
climbing out of the hole
a giant for your amazing perception
skills your what is it twenty passive
perception mm-hmm this creature has a
plus twelve on it stealth roll actually
twelve and sixteen is twenty eight it
does beat your passive perception of
twenty what [ __ ] is this creature a
twenty eight that's literally a god roll
what is this thing gonna be like a phase
vampire that's like very close its link
tiger nice has +7 on stealth but then it
has advantage because it was sitting
there waiting for somebody to come out
of the hole although I mean why would it
not do that I mean that they rolled for
a random encounter and the encounter was
a tiger but then you guys dug yourself a
pit so it couldn't hack your camp in the
night which was the initial plan so it
just waited in the woods
your your hole for something to come out
because I could smell you in there and
hear you in there and nobody's said they
left the cave so I had to point-blank
asked I was trying to find a way around
it I love this game crub buddy you pull
yourself out of the hole and then
there's a rustling and as you turn your
head let me guess
I grappled a tiger pounces for you and
you just know that the blink tiger has a
bite that is a grapple so it can blink
away and blink with its prey so it will
make its attack roll against you this
thing mrs. I turn into a giant table and
I'm eating this [ __ ] all right our
Tiger pounces on you with a 13 plus 7 as
a 20 it is a hit it will bite you
seeking it's big tiger fangs into grubs
little grubby gruffness for near to
minimum damage you take seven but you
are grappled drop resins grub resigned
to the ink tiger food and then the tiger
blinks away 40 feet don't bring us to a
battle mat before it does there's a
sound kind of like this I'm gonna here's
our little hole that you guys have dug
oh you should be on this map first and
so in the hole because the remainder of
the party and here's our Tiger and grub
being bowled by the tiger alright so the
tiger grub saw came from this direction
out of the top left side Poundstone grub
as soon as it could and then blinked 40
feet away using its bonus action and
that is the end of the Tigers turn and
we should roll initiative someone has
not rolled initiative for the party yet
today is that coming I
roll I got the crit 24-member hey you're
a go for it fit grub you're in the
Tiger's mouth you should roll in nice an
the party goes for a scrub you are
grappled by the tiger to your escape is
a DC 15 how does that work
athletics or athletics for strannix your
choice acrobatics or athletic okay
acrobatics is three decks okay guess
I'll take a full action to do that
yeah you can kick the tiger in the job
grant like hit it on the top of the nose
and it's melted when it's just far
enough for you to like roll out and land
at its feet
whoa what's gonna happen as a bonus
action giant Todd alrighty
the giant toad rebounds so whole mean
sixty ten plus six sixty temple six Wow
sweet Jesus that's a lot of tens the
sorcerer thing that I can use once per
day I can use that on my crossbow attack
right and was there a downside to that
the one that you get advantage on yeah
it's just the egg then can declare that
you have a wildly surged any time you
cast a spell but you do that anyway
yeah yeah okay so I'm gonna use that I
haven't used yes I'm gonna use that with
my life cross bone shoot with advantage
all right give me a tak roll20 will hit
the tiger you shoot it right in its rump
well for nine piercing damage the tiger
howls next party member remember you're
all in a hit right now yeah I'm gonna I
can go like right here is that okay that
should be fine alright we're gonna do
big boy damage I'm gonna declare my
great weapon thing I should have
advantage to hit here right
yep 13 is enough you hit the night cuz I
declared the thing remember you have
advantage oh oh yeah five - five - hips
I'm gonna throw a precision die on there
Oh so seven worse so I should hit right
- my hit okay so I'm going to do nine
plus ten is gonna be nineteen - damn
that's sad sweet Jesus an apple pie you
hit the tiger for a whopping amount of
damage let me use the bottom my Hummer
and I'm gonna declare the same thing -
five - hit okay so 15 will hit mm-hmm
that's gonna be 16 damage holy crap a
lot of damage
yeah that's the enemy dreams I'm going
to come here and follow up that attack
with my own a quarter staff attack and
then not an arm strike following that
sixteen hit and hit and then have six 16
damage to the tiger it is almost dead it
is the Tigers turn it is no longer
gripping anything it will it's the thing
is just a bonus action yes uh-huh
alright so it will just blink itself by
itself with no one else in its mouth
forty feet away as a bonus action and
then we'll use this move and it's
regular action just to run into the
woods and the tiger has moved speed of
forty feet so I think his eye is the
only person who can catch it it's all
you're gonna chase it down
we've got XP even if it ran right
absolutely
is it the same experience but you get
one for this inning okay
nope they're the only reason to chase it
down is if you really want to kill the
tiger
let's just go home I'd say we had a
quote ready for this one I'm not going
to chase it down there okay here we go
wait I stared it away and i solemnly say
if you cannot find a reason to fight
then you should not be fighting is there
not in range of cross but the woods are
good the jungle is gonna be too thick
for missile fire to accurately hit it
you might be able to get a crossbow shot
I like whatever the greatest penalty is
yeah can I try like a older shot yeah
give me a yellow shot man you're gonna
lose your bolt 15 is not gonna do it no
but a 23 would grab on Tod's
and like holds its little hands tits
heart here's I it is like he's so cool
why I go on you have just wasted one of
your crossbow bolts I have 18 more well
defeated you have it is still two in a
day and a half to you mom
so Vaughn why don't you roll me into 20
for the movement to that day if we uh if
we do the rush Ford thing we can get
there in a day right yes but you will
have to you'll get disadvantaged on
perception and stealth checks that seems
great
no we should not we're so close I don't
want to die should we do the what's the
stuff is Hafs movement yes yes let this
move at half the speed yeah I guess we
should do half if you don't want to do
double let's just rush forward let's get
there we'll be okay wait no we think we
think whole time not stop thinking now
just move slows who cares if you move
slow it'll be three days to Yuma if you
move fast it's one if you move at
average it's two just move the higher
the chance we have of getting ambushed
like that at night again so we run into
monsters we can run or we'll kill them
depending on what it is okay I'm okay
with rushing yeah okay grab chests you
can rush forward and make it home in
time just so you got guys know when I'm
asking you to roll one two 20s for the
day of movement that's because certain
roles on one u-20 will trigger monster
attacks and I'm not gonna tell you what
those number of roles are but that's why
I make you make those d20 check I want
to rest right you arrived back in it is
not home but it is the next best thing
to home
the people kind of home now we have an
alliance yeah sure
the guards see you coming and open the
gates for you pat you on the back when
you come in okay we ask a question about
the so when you said that they have
Scouts here are those like Rangers like
the same types of like Ranger class that
we have back at home or they just like
okay so they are like formidable capable
warriors Rangers are not formidable yes
yes sorry I'm getting my H mixed up yeah
Scouts that they have sent out have
either been Rangers or woodsmen woodsmen
are not formidable in the slightest they
are just random humans that live in the
woods and do woods work they do have a
few Rangers but they're not gonna be as
formidable as you guys maybe their alpha
team is but they're all the team got you
know killed by the dragon so their
remaining Rangers are kind of jump
change I want to ask one of the Rangers
their scales from the city if they can
go out to where the dragon cave is and
keep eyes on the gun science and find
out if there are more than two we want
to take them out to try to help further
protect the city you want someone to go
you look at the Giants yes just kill
Scout the mouse come have the Giants
ever bothered you MA no no we've never
had problems Giants here and there is no
problem if Giants do not cause problems
we do not need to cause problems for the
Giants you know as a man who likes to
collect quotes as I am surprised you
haven't heard of the quote nothing
ventured nothing gained oh I have heard
of that one
but you see Giants look like a primitive
people they have nothing but rocks to
their name but I've heard of a few giant
stashing some valuables that they didn't
realize how much they were worth and
saying exactly I agree I'm sure that
more than a couple travelers have
ventured into that area of the woods
only to have been ambushed by those
Giants and killed they had valuables do
you not think anthrax would have taken
them out he doesn't go I mean I don't
think anthrax would care if she came
across you know the types the types of
weapons or armors that we might fancy
ourselves with it seems she was more
interested in whatever tablets we picked
up out of the cave I would quite like to
take out the Giants speaking of which we
should show that tablet with writing on
it to the clerk maybe he wouldn't work
hey hey guard person yeah you have real
smart guy in City who talked to people
and know lots of things
a wise man yeah yes okay where is he I
shall bring you to our wise woman follow
me okay the Guardian will bring you into
Yuma through some city streets and near
this like a big pond on one side of the
town on which there are some floating
bridges and a floating building and in
this building is the old wise woman who
lives here guard will leave you at the
edge of the floating walkway and you
guys can walk out on the palm slash Lake
yourself guards say this lady real smart
we show her bronze plates
well I don't know what bronze points are
we show her stupid stupid hard thing
yeah sure
no we walk out to go see the lady
alright she is in this floating building
on middle of this man-made lake it has
walls on three sides of it and you come
through a door and one of them the
opposite side of you sort of open to the
lake there's a small fireplace made over
like a stone hearth in here as well and
she is sitting meditating on a soft
cushion facing the water with her back
to you as you enter into the building
she stops her meditation slowly and
turns around still seated on her chair
to face you a broad smile and you can
see that her eyes are sort of pale and
glossed over like she's blind and can't
see she's got these deep folds and her
skin long salt-and-pepper hair that
reaches down to about her hips it's all
sort of wiry and unkempt tangled and
split ended softness her face tonight
hello hi greetings Hey
okay now that's enough of you okay I
chuckle and I say well speak up Vonn
goodness knows you need more experience
with the ladies um I guess I hand her
the tablets the wire together things
yeah front of them yeah can you make out
any of these ancient scribblings do
these mean anything to you or these
important she looks up at you with her
milky blind eyes and runs her fingers
over the engravings on the tablet says
no I have no idea what they mean
you think they make lots of money ah
when she says that she just can I do a
perception check to see if she's lying
inside that would be an insight check
can I do that yeah totally she seems
like she's telling the truth she
honestly does look blind she hasn't even
looked at the tablets once she's
with her fingers the old woman the town
you know who might know something about
these things or tell me what I'm holding
first it feels like a large slab of
something cold and hard with small
markings on it
nailed it y-yes this miss uh this lab
has something that I believe is called
writing have you heard of such a thing
they say the elves and the dwarves can
create an image of sound and holding
overtime for years upon years and I know
sound yes this seems like something
extremely valuable why have we not done
this everyone no no one as smart as
Gobbo well she gives you a blank stare
and says our people have existed on this
island for thousands of years without
need of such a thing we simply just
remember we're not as old as those
creatures we don't have as much to
remember as they do you remember how
much money that's worth she'll it holds
its weight hmm about 40 pounds worth of
she like licks it brass copper copper
copper copper what copper it's a form of
metal the dwarves
use it Oh have you not seen any metal
we've we pound sticks together on hollow
log two summoned up and we call it heavy
metal I am familiar with heavy metal as
well young one is I've never seen it
myself
it's a sight to see lots of gals get
together and do it
most ferocious sounding indeed yes very
Gobbo very good so a copper I I don't
know what you want from me hey you can
tell us I think we should go rest and
prepare if you cannot find if you are
looking for information about this and
the dwarves have none to give you
perhaps the Wizards of Ricky will help
you do you know where the dwarves are
from where we are here yes I think that
would be a great spot to go next
wait you say there wizzy of Ricky what's
a wizards of Ricky wizards are an
ancient order of spellcasters unlike you
and me they do not gain their magic
through personal sacrifice personal
efforts you and I produce magical
effects by sheer force of will these
creatures these wizards are reclusive
beasts who spend their entire lifetime
practicing and refining to be able to
accomplish only the most minor of
magical tasks they live in a village
built upon a cliff near a river to the
west to rivers over where the river
meets the sea you say that they live in
village far away from everyone and not
talk to no one
I'm sure they speak from - people from
time to time but not often huh
correct oh I strongly do not speak with
them often Grubb knows some gah bows
like that we call them gamers - rivers
over where River meets sea yes
ok the thune River
doing soon and where are the dwarfs the
dwarves you were from Yaka yes I can
tell by your accents yes from Yaka there
is a mountain range to the north the far
north eastern end of that range there
used to be a long long time ago a
dwarven outpost I do believe there is
another one a full two mountain ranges
north of Yaka as well I has been some
time since I've left the walls of my
home and the walls of my town perhaps
someone in Yahoo will know more okay you
say that they um they there a time ago
how many times I believe I saw them
there 60 years ago what happens a little
girl
okay oh I think we arrest now what would
you guys like to do next well seem like
if we go find short people then they
help us lots of ways because it'll hear
from everybody about these short people
they help with when now we have some
some of these little coin things we give
to them and maybe they real happy about
it and they can make us stuff do we feel
stronger after our last journey
grab feel fine where are the O's I'm
curious the North East of Arcadia you
will see if you venture there you will
find two rivers separated by a mountain
range one river heads to one side of the
island
the other to the other side together
these rivers and mountain range together
cut off the elven lands from everyone
else
there is a
how a trading post along the river and
that Trading Post has a side on the
Elven side of the river and aside on our
side of the river there's a small
village there called solving called
solve it solve it solve what whole thing
solve way what problem you have problem
the we strike that one for me
I will not strike my friend oh good hi
and I clap my other hand
ah she smiles broadly at this nods once
um where did we have enough for Emily I
have to add it up still okay didn't we
literally just love a lot last session
you did it's really hard to levels of
spending takes a long time yeah you
defeated five Ravagers plus you defeated
the tiger and the bedroom yes and that
let's remember in the cave huh the one
in the bottom of the ice huh right right
the Lich yes - and you did loot the
dragon's lair that's like an event some
carryover from the dragon yeah singing
here alright so everyone should take
home 551 experience points how many guys
do you not think that will get you to
level five five one well how much did we
have for one - yeah we had two for one -
yeah so now we're at
Oh that's the times 500 - 4 1 2 plus 500
sorry that's you 9 1 2 but that can't be
right either but you spared already here
little foreign little 4 is they 2.7 or
2.8 oh wait
right that's true we must have gained
experience oh did we not oh we didn't do
the dragon experience oh the dragon
experience with that was like a cr7
that's gonna be insane
so right now we're at two four one two
wait wait
we were level three when we fought the
dragon we loved up to four so we did
fight we yeah the last time we were told
that we level about to flow but we
didn't figure out the actual experiment
done experience for the dragon then
right so we got to experience for the
dragon plus 500 yeah well let me just
I'm just gonna give you a brand new
total okay in the meantime I think the
next step in our journey is just heading
back to yoga and perform reporting it
yeah so should we just full of rest here
yeah yeah for sure
everybody can take home a thousand and
one experience points so we're a three
for thirteen if you're ever wondering
where that extra one comes from its the
Badger what that was worth five I'm out
of point two five you may how much where
we had a Tristan what are we at all
together we should I beat the same right
you saw me in the same yeah hang on one
sec sir okay um so we're just this the
full arrest go off without a hitch yes
you can rest in town no problem oh my
god I feel so refreshed you are all at
full HP full spells you're at full hit
dice full crossbow bus everything you
can get full crossbow bolts these are I
mean you formed a military alliance with
these folks so they will replenish your
supplies as needed okay I am full okay
and then now
well search thing is gone right craps
raised you haven't cast the first level
spells long
all right party I think this is probably
a good spot to end for the day because I
don't think we get any other serious
adventuring done in the next few minutes
mm-hmm but we should at least set a
direction do you have a particular yeah
this river that flows I mean it's
clearly easier to go from yada you must
have said whoever goes this way is it
possible to go the other way you could
go upriver in boats but it would be
slower I think than going by land I
don't know you'd have to try it and
depending on which side of the river you
travel on you'll go through different
types terrain so it might be faster on
land might be faster by boat I hand on
the math myself what happened to other
dragon there you have it with you I
assume someone's got it on a sheet yeah
grab girl put everything on the sheet
grubs not encumber dizzy grubs not
carrying the bronze plates who's there
Rose plates I don't know though me
varnas but I don't know if you wrote it
down I didn't write it down
somebody said me is somebody else coming
in or do I need to be carrying it you do
you get to have another 40 pounds on you
okay
so bronze I'm just gonna put bronze
plates yeah 40 pounds weight are you
doing this
nope okay 40 pounds okay okay well you
are encumbered now and that's gonna be a
problem you're gonna have to find a way
to cut some weight here because if
you're encumbered you can only move one
hex a day through the jungle instead of
two per day you don't want to be
encumbered well I'm at my weight limit
from myself of it how much take can I
carry you can carry five times your
strength score so for you that would be
48 pounds and you're at Oh
51 how are you not encumbered right now
[Music]
oh no because I'm stupid you'd be at a
sixty pounds that you can carry in your
50 100 60 that's why so if you want to
take the bronze plates with you either
you get to be encumbered as you walk
over land you can put it on your boat
where encumbrance doesn't matter and you
guys can try and go up the river that
way or you can leave it behind in Yuma
what are you gonna do with the bronze
plates so anything else picking up we
have to take him to like dwarves or
whatever right in order to do anything
worthwhile with them I'm guessing I'm
not gonna find a legendary armor work or
like overseas or over land or whatever
are you talking about the the dragon
armor are you talking about the bronze
plates here oh the bronze plates are
those just the tablets or whatever yeah
oh I'm thinking plates like plate Miller
whatever okay yeah those are 40 dragon
scales as well I mean there might be
they imagine at all can we get a donkey
you would get disadvantage on all your
stealth checks if you had to carry a
donkey with you through jungle and we
bring a guy obviously carry our stuff
wait shouldn't the clerics not here to
live is he are they still forever all
the people that you cleric and the
guardians are here to keep an eye on
things until they can get their wall
rebuilt and everything kind of set back
up and then they're gonna head home how
long does like it's gonna be another
couple weeks if you guys want to chill
here for a couple more weeks and head
back with the we could take if it's
gonna take them a couple weeks to do
that we could spend these two weeks
investigating the cave of the two giants
then that'll take like a week and a long
restaurant around then after that we can
go back with them yeah that's that's
pretty good actually oh that good idea
and then we leave we leave the book with
cleric guy
[Music]
I don't think we should I think our time
is more valuable spent going to yokai
now and then getting a two-week
headstart going to the dorms no our life
real long man like we got lots of time
we go everywhere do everything no
problem yeah are we gonna carry it all
back with us all right well I may not be
that long if we go attack some Hill
Giants did you see how much damage they
did yeah that was with rocks though we
got up close to him will [ __ ] him up
real hard boys I'm trapped in everything
they're weaker in close combat I know
you dig holes everywhere yeah yeah I
mean we could ask her I have not trained
you for so long to have you throw your
lives against the battle we do not need
to fight also what we could do is we
could go because I kind of agree with
monk man you know maybe we no fight
giant man not not good but we can go
around this town since we got two weeks
anyway and we go ask um leader of town
what he won't do and maybe he have
something fun to do
all right well I think we're gonna find
out the answer to these questions next
week come back for more empires of
Arcadia cool that's good
hell yeah good show awesome my dudes
let's do some shout outs and stuff boy
boo
where can people find more of you you
can find me on twitch TV slash Chloe
boot or tomorrow you can find me on
twitch TV slash destiny when we do of
dice and men exploration awesome Trump
go find me a trump SC I'm going to just
double-check with everyone that next
Wednesday's good it is for me but please
call is on Friday I think oh yeah check
actually check my Wi-Fi all five
Thursday so I'll be ok oh I think one is
Blizzcon is it a Friday Saturday Friday
Saturday Sunday
hold on so it's Friday November 1st just
to weight is in only two days yes this
time it's only a few days I was
surprised also whoa um okay so my flight
is Wednesday at 7 a.m.
7:00 a.m. what time zone from me so I
I'm in America then I don't know I could
bring my laptop
yeah we'll see well no closer to the
date I guess we'll see yeah we should be
okay as long as they're not after stream
I should be fine funny him from either
my phone or from damn where's Kahn is
actually to die that ik says there's not
enough to do it blows conference be
three days
plus they probably can't pay all the
security guards they're gonna have to
take care of the protesters maybe yeah
yeah we'll figure it out if we do point
if we do play next week well she
probably will it'll be on Dusty's
Channel yeah yes yeah yeah that's neat
where you can people find more of you
twitch.tv slash destiny Devin the most
uncontroversial channel on twitch by the
way Devin hi hi I'm Devin Nash okay
I do industry gaming news talk on my
channel that's also called twitch.tv
slash Devin Nash so if you like my
roleplay and I sound like a cool dude to
you please toss me a follow thank you
guys very much for coming out to the
show and we really hope you enjoy it we
love putting it on for you yeah and my
name is is rin your hopefully watching
this on my channel at the moment and
next week is on Destiny's Channel I'm
gonna get a nice trim path of Exile
after this so if you enjoyed this go
watch me do some - grinding and we'll
see you guys next week
sounds good
[Music]
