all right you're here what do you want
all right I just want to talk to you
about your perspective on basically the
castle doctrine okay go for it all right
so you believe that if somebody breaks
into your house you are morally right
and absolutely murdering them
assuming yes if as long as they're not
like if there's any chance that they can
like present a danger to you yeah so
like if somebody like breaks into your
house but it's like a four year old you
probably should murder a four year old
if somebody breaks into your house and
they're like they're asleep on your
couch you probably shouldn't walk down
and shoot them on your couch so yeah so
like whatever the reasonable
interpretation on that is but yeah okay
so you do believe that you should have
to justify the level of threat mm-hmm
yeah but I'm very very very generous on
that if that makes sense you can give me
hypotheticals if you want to go from
there so that we can be sure we're
talking about the same thing I don't
have necessarily a specific hypothetical
but my problem is if you're generous
with that that encourages people to kill
the person that is breaking into their
house sure because the problem is
murdering them obviously you know takes
away their testimony yeah oh
yeah I guess it does well rip better not
break into people's houses then I guess
no I mean I I think it's it's crazy that
you find it like your social contracting
means right yeah but like somebody
breaks into your house and immediately
the entire social contract name is
revoked I mean I consider breaking into
somebody's house to be like one of the
largest of fronts that you can do it to
another person's autonomy I mean you're
invading their personal space you could
be doing it with lethal force they don't
know if you know that or not they don't
know what your intentions are and you
could oftentimes have a family at stake
as well so yeah I consider breaking into
somebody's house to be like a really
really really big deal like one that
would make like lethal force too easily
justified on the flip side of that if I
were to break into somebody's house I
would totally accept that if they'd kill
me for it I mean I would I would be
expecting that like if I was breaking
into somebody's house I would be
expecting to die if I got caught doing
it right okay so what do you extend that
to so let's say you have a property
right with grass and then you have a
fence up with a sign on it that says
trespassers will be shot somebody jumped
that fence do they lose their right to
life I guess it like this would probably
be different if you're talking about if
you're why it is twitch keep [ __ ] up
today holy [ __ ] it just really hates you
man I think just wait a minute refresh
my I'm not having any problems on my own
guys nothing is wrong on my own
everything looks perfectly fine no I'm
just saying that I'm not coming so like
I like
I consider there to be differences in
like I mean like I guess like all
personal property isn't necessarily the
same so for instance like if somebody is
like breaking into your farm like if you
go down and you hear somebody's like in
the stables or they're like in your
cornfield or like they're in your
backyard shed I mean something like that
you probably shouldn't be killing
somebody because they don't really
represent like a danger to you such that
they can kill you or your family I guess
I would probably be a little bit less
likely there to say you should be
allowed to kill somebody could to me
from my perspective at least it seems
like you're drawing arbitrary lines well
not really I guess the line is more like
could this person represent like a
physical threat to you or your family
and as soon as you like break in they do
if they're not a 4 year old person or if
they're not unconscious they could post
yeah so like if they're like an
able-bodied person
I don't consider those to be arbitrary
lines if a four-year-old walks up to me
in real life I think I can pretty
resolutely say this guy doesn't really
represent a threat to me or like if I
hear like a window break downstairs and
I go downstairs and there's like a
four-year-old or I'm sorry let's say
like a nine-year-old came in because he
threw a baseball through the one who's
trying to get it back I don't think it's
arbitrary to say that well this guy
isn't representing a threat versus I see
like a full-sized adult in my basement
and it's like okay well what the [ __ ]
like I say right but I feel like there's
a huge distinction between four-year-old
full-sized adult right there's a lot of
gray area in there so there's a
difference okay so let's say twenty
four-year-old are okay let's say a 64
year old woman breaks into your house is
it more are you morally justified in
shooting that person right yeah I would
say so
when I say house I just want to be clear
like breaking into like the area where
you and your family sleeps or lives yes
not like breaking into like a shed in
the backyard or breaking into like your
farm or your stables outsiders
thing yeah right so the reason that
seems so problematic and arbitrary to me
is okay so let's say you know like I'm
sure do you like many others live in a
house right or your bedrooms where you
sleep and your family sleeps are very
spread out from the entrance to your
home so why do you not have an
obligation to you know as I was taught
my CCW class to hunker down to get into
a room with your family and then have
your door shut and locked and then once
they get through that door then you're
morally justified in shooting them but
why should you be able to seek them out
in your house um I guess um so if I'm
like a moral or ethical point of view I
guess it's just like the way that I view
it is it like if you're breaking into
somebody's house what if you stumbled
onto like a family member that was like
in another room or what if you are an
all sleeping or what if your rooms are
separated what if somebody sleeps in the
upstairs and somebody sleeps in the
basement or something like that or how
do you know if they're not going to like
wander upstairs and then come in through
I guess like personally I probably
wouldn't go through my house looking for
the person that seems like a bad idea
just from a survival point of view I'm
asking you you know just just morally
because you said if they break in your
house it's okay to kill them so you know
you know let's say it's just you and
your wife you're both in your room
sleeping you hear if somebody break in
you know they've broken in two you know
and they're in the house do you have are
you morally right and ending their life
if they make no attempt to come into
your bedroom or even upstairs for that
matter yeah I would yeah I'd probably
still say yeah yeah you're breaking into
their [ __ ] that's like I consider that
to be like a really really really big
crime breaking into somebody's house
don't disagree with you but you're
saying that Scott crime is so
significant that it takes away their
right to life um yeah yeah I think so
yeah I would say so I I would say so I
think like that's one of like the worst
things like this this would be like a
notch or two under like physical assault
or rape like it would be like on that
level to me in my opinion yes yes or
like head
physical assault yeah breaking into
somebody's house to steal their [ __ ] and
while being there being a totally miss
like unknowable factor of is this person
going to come and kill me yeah I would
put it on that level or not not on that
level but like very close you're like a
step or two away from being on that
level like if I was upstairs most people
most people breaking into a house intend
to just steal some things yeah but the
problem is that like generally when I'm
in my house if I'm in my house okay and
I'm not trying to appeal to emotion I
just being reasonable if I'm in my house
and I'm with my child there is no chance
that somebody in my house is going to
come and kill my child if somebody has
shown that they approved the propensity
to break into my house and they're in my
house I don't know if that person is
going to try to kill me any loved ones
or my kit I don't know it's impossible
for me to know I do know that whoever is
in my house has already shown that they
have absolutely no regard for me or my
property so whether or not they're
willing to come a little bit further or
something could happen that would cause
them to kill somebody I don't know it's
like the problem is that they're putting
me in a position where I can't possibly
know the answer to that question which
kind of makes it like permissible to
sleep in different parts of the house if
your family's you know like if your kid
sleeps downstairs then obviously I see
your point of view but obviously you're
morally justified in shooting the person
don't risk you know having your son's
like guilt just because you know this
person's breaking into your house but on
the flipside why don't you have any duty
to retreat and make sure your family is
safe I mean I was like dude duty to
retreat from your own stuff that
somebody's broken into to steal man I'm
dude I might just be like really [ __ ]
salty but so like I cry against other
people are things that I hold like in
the people that do these crimes are the
lowest [ __ ] scum of the earth to me
like if somebody wants to break in and
steal your [ __ ] I don't know if you have
a moral obligation to just hand it over
to them maybe they don't you well know
your [ __ ] is gone your police are never
getting to your house in time to stop a
live burglary no but they'll steal some
of your [ __ ] what do they took like my
[ __ ] saxophone or anything anything
of my house that I've worked for
my life that I've stored it in my place
that I've worked to build or or to
purchase and they're in my house
stealing my [ __ ] with no regard myself
like I'm just supposed to let that
person walk away I mean like I guess I
could argue that like if you purchase
you're placing a value of your stuff
over their life that's the problem yeah
but but but it's not well hold on cuz
that's not really true I'm not saying
that like if somebody were to say that I
could sacrifice my saxophone to like
save the life of an innocent person like
I would probably do that 10 out of 10
times like okay well here you go here's
my sax save the person's life but more
that they forfeit their right to life
when they come into my property to steal
my [ __ ] I think that there's a
distinction there I mean you probably
really kind of I'm sorry that's my
promise I absolutely see the distinction
right there obviously committing a crime
and obviously an egregious one right so
one that violates your privacy makes you
feel very vulnerable right I've had my
house broken into but the problem is
that you're saying that they forfeit
their right to life because they're
stealing your saxophone and to me that
just sounds ludicrous I mean it's my
[ __ ] what is the alternative the
alternative is to let them steal your
saxophone dude I don't understand how
how you say that okay my saxophone is
worth their life now it's the worth the
life is somebody that wants to come in
and try and steal it not the life it's
not like if I again like I'm trying to
draw this thing here there was a scale
my my stuff isn't worth more than the
life of another human but if that human
wants to come and steal that [ __ ] well
yeah now it kind of is because because
you you okay they're committing a crime
that's different than you know you
trading it for somebody's life that's
different but the thing is you're saying
that that that crime in itself forfeits
their rights of life them coming into
your house immediately forfeits that
right it and I'm trying to ask you how
do you morally justify that they don't
pose a threat to you they pose a threat
to what you've worked for right I don't
see how you know you can be the executor
if you will you're the judge during
literally an executioner in this case I
mean I guess like if there was some like
magical weight
determine if you so like and under your
hypothetical you're talking about like
knowing that somebody could break into
your house and knowing that they aren't
going to foot pose like a physical
threat to anybody in your house like if
you could know those things for sure
again when I got my CCW in the state of
Missouri and we were taught the duty to
retreat right well but Duty did a treat
that's it that's in public places though
that's not always in your that's not in
your house no you're right it it well it
actually applies to states without the
castle doctor sure you cannot do it
anyway I'm arguing morality Weiss yeah
well because you are you're bringing up
CCW training I'm just saying it yeah but
good well that's good because that's
where I learned about the duty to
retreat right oh yeah just you're just
supposed to go get your family and bring
them like that's just the safest way to
do it right like you said before it's
the safest way you don't go hunting yeah
of course yeah but so why don't you see
like that it's a better alternative and
then losing some of your stuff because I
think that there's a philosophical
difference between this is kind of like
I want to say that this is kind of like
what the spirit of the castle doctrine
is about like my your house is your
domain in the United States private
property is one of the most important
rights that's endowed to us while given
to us by God or whatever that the
government allows us to keep right that
the private property is a really big
deal when somebody has made the decision
to violate your personal private
property come on to your property and
then start arbitrarily removing [ __ ]
from it against your will this is a
violation of your autonomy of like the
highest kind this is why I say I put
this like on a notch or two like if
somebody is raping you they're abusing
your body and they're taking from it
what they want without respect for your
autonomy oftentimes causing pain in the
process same thing with physical assault
or battery right but like breaking into
somebody's private property which is an
extension of yourself to steal things
that you've worked for I consider this
to be somewhat similar in those regards
like I think it's a really really really
big deal I I don't consider it as just
like like a like a yard sale like you've
just got a collection of things and
somebody walks up and steals it I think
violating the private property of
another person is a really really really
big deal it's not just taking something
again it seems like you're drying it
you're going back to the argument I was
trying to make before which was okay so
somebody hops
you have a large property somebody hops
the fence you have you know various
things in your on your property just not
inside your house they steal some of
those things do you have a right to take
their life are you morally righteous
like their I would probably still sit on
like the on the gun the executioner side
of that but like but but then like I
said really like I guess when I speak of
this I speak to this and when I say
private personal property I generally
mean like where you and your family
reside I like I said like if you owned
like a farm and somebody is out like
taking something like in a shed like ten
miles away or not ten miles away but
like you know 100 yards away from your
actual house or you sleep maybe it would
feel slightly differently about that but
even that I'm not I'm not sure it's just
like if there are two options available
to you and one is to let somebody break
into your stuff steal your stuff and
leave versus killing them it's like I
lean on the side of like you should have
the right to defend your property using
lethal force
I don't think disagree with you
absolutely I have a right to defend
yourself the problem is when they're
injured strand stealing things right I
don't believe that you have a right to
defend your property the Ilia lethal
force which is what you're proposing
yeah I guess it's just like if I had to
choose between two worlds in one world
you just have to sit there and watch
them steal your [ __ ] police force the
police is not relevant in this
discussion if somebody is on your
property stealing some the police are
never getting there in time to give a
[ __ ] you got like what I just I don't
it's happening in other countries where
they don't have guns everywhere right
and in Japan where somebody breaks into
your house you're not gonna get all your
[ __ ] stolen right so I'm just curious
how you make this moral leap right
because you're super hard on the social
contract memes so it's really surprising
to hear you say if somebody comes in
onto your property especially in a shed
that's not even attached to your house
so it's not even about personal safety
at this point you just care about that
saxophone well but but I mean I would
view this the same way if I'm breaking
into somebody's place I fully expect to
be murdered for what I'm doing like I
would fully expect that to be a possible
consequence of what I'm doing I consider
this to be a crime like this is like
when you say this like you're big on the
social contract stuff so I'm really
surprised that you think that like
somebody should be able to stab you in
the neck just because you try to rape
somebody like I would say that well if
I'm
the process of raping somebody I fully
expect them to use lethal force to try
to get me to stop like much the same way
that if I were to break your your you're
attributing personal property into
personhood I'm self defending my
property I'm self defending my saxophone
I guess like maybe I just maybe I have
like a really really high regard for
personal property like I would view
those as almost like an extension of
your person like if somebody is like
breaking onto your private property and
stealing your private property that
that's like a violation of your autonomy
to some extent no I would agree with
that
I think you must concede then though
it's it's not about your family's
personal safety anymore it's it's now
about your private property yeah sure
maybe those are different arguments sure
but yeah but I but I think I would still
maintain the same for defending your
property - yeah okay so so again back to
the jumping the fence example but yeah
i'm wishy-washy but i'd say I would lean
on the side of the executioner I mean
like I don't like killing people or
advocating for people to be killed so I
mean like if it's avoidable but what and
it really related you is of course it's
avoidable you're saying between these
two choices should I lose some things
that are material value right uh-huh
I'm not trying to trivialize that of
course it's it's it's an egregious crime
and of course why it's a felony but the
problem is you're saying that leap makes
loot they lose their right to life at
that point yeah because they broke into
your farmhouse yeah how do you morally
justify that cuz they're they're
breaking into my [ __ ] [ __ ] them listen
you're from Missouri you know this [ __ ]
