okay let's go wait what's your
background I took two years of physics -
in high school I was four years okay I
say that the earth is flat what say you
okay so here's problem right you can use
an accelerometer measure the difference
in name right how is your accelerometer
calibrated any accelerometer all right
no we never built an accelerometer
yourself that you've calibrated okay all
right no that's wrong we don't need
accelerometer
okay but you're walking in a straight
line yep they're 90 degrees okay
continue walking in line turn 90 degrees
again if will you intersect the original
line you're on yes or no no if there's
this flatten won't if there's this round
of spherical you will you just say that
laughs have you ever driven or walked
that far far enough to actually tell you
do not need to walk that far if you do
it in a couple of miles of you
intersects the line if I know I can see
how the streets are laid out of my city
and they don't intersect they make
square no if I go and look at a map
right now wait hey whoa don't get Cal at
me bro am I going to look up a map of
Los Angeles yeah okay all of the maps
all of the lines are perfectly straight
the streets are all straight and they
they don't end these do fine they're
just like us tree yeah put down a
disappear the 90-degree ends on a piece
of paper that will directly it match
that that angles that son yep okay sure
that you can use that angle then take
that angle and connect to other
90-degree angles and they will intersect
right and you can just use those up the
engine paper the measure of the angle
and it will intersect you will
eventually limestone what are you
talking about you never intersect you
you'd have to you'd have to make another
turn no no you wouldn't if I am driving
down Western Avenue and I draw and I
take a ride on Martin Luther King
Boulevard and I would keep her left even
I'm always gonna be driving I'll never
go to intersect with any line what do
you look it would you make the entire
GPS and Glossner systems are just
fabricated and they have like some
complex algorithm that converts a
platter into a vegetable or no it's very
simply done is ran by the US government
and they just translate us of the
coordinates make some okay
what's the algorithm
we do that I mean I can refer you to I
mean what's the algorithm to videos for
a circular earth
it's called GPS positioning it's just
the time response states to get from the
satellite where you are in the Triangle
we grew the satellites and then you get
to your position it's so much simpler to
explain it wait what do you mean any
explanation you give for why your
satellites work in your system works
perfectly fine in mine how does it how
do your satellites even measure weight
how do you satellites even measure the
other end of the earth of the earth is
always fear achill how do those
satellites him and get the information
around the plate I just want to ask a
question how are the satellites aimed
that they can both simultaneously send
information to earth and other
satellites because they have line of
sight weight line of sight to what to
the earth or the other satellites so how
are they aimed in the earth how we be if
they're aimed at the other satellite how
are they aimed at the earth in order to
tell you like where your signal is draw
a sphere and then why can't you answer
my question I know okay wait I'm asking
you if a satellite is both facing
another satellite that's supposedly
above your circular earth and facing the
ground at the same time how can they how
do they do that how can they be point
view love you what as always like I
don't transmit data it's not like
satellites are literally lasers no but
they usually have like dishes that are
pointed in like a certain direction and
those dishes have a sphere no they
usually pointed in a very specific
direction if you were to go outside and
you were to look at if you were to go
and look at any satellite dish ever made
go outside looking for a DirecTV
satellite dish it's pointing in a
certain direction and anybody here that
has experiences how they just knows that
if you misaligned these even a little
bit you'll lose all of your signal if
you have a DirecTV satellite setup and
you miss angle it by even 30 degrees you
have no TV so how are you telling me
that a GPS satellite can both cover
enough area on earth and pointed another
so unless are you telling me that there
are literally millions of GPS satellites
to do this first of all there's numerous
thousands of them you would need far
more than thousands actually let's do
Louise square footages I'm curious
square footage of Earth how many
satellites would you need to cover it
sir so many miles so that you can both
be pointed at the ground and pointed at
another south at another satellite you
need sounds can have multiple dishes you
can have one point in the ground that is
skinny and one show me a picture of a
GPS satellite that you sent up that has
dishes pointed at the earth and at the
other satellites okay I'm looking at
some right now I don't see multiple
dishes on them yeah the stream room
right now looks like one dish just
pointing down at the earth to me how do
you how do you get multiple dishes all
over the place oh look at this what is
this I'm looking at it okay I'm really
thinking you in chat right now exactly
what satellites from a local PD article
on GPS satellite yeah of course because
the Wikipedia articles are written for
spherical and you're asking me has
something we communicate with the ground
this is how to the next so you haven't
answered the question you've continually
dodged it now you were doing it appeal
to Authority yeah not to mention that
we're only looking at pictures of
satellites when telling an actual real
ones and you haven't answered the
question of how this said look at this
satellite here that they even draw the
picture of it's not even facing the
earth how could you possibly do GPS for
this why I didn't consider that we did
the 90 degree argument angle you lost
because everybody on this planet knows
that if I take a left down the street
and then I go down the tree and I take a
left on another one I'm not gonna run
into the original street which is
apparently what you think that is no you
won't what are you talking about really
you want to drive you wanna try Oh
actually we don't need to I'll go back
to my home city of Omaha Nebraska
we can go down dodge that city that
Street goes on for way more than five
miles and it never and if you take a
left on there you can drive five miles
as well you won't intersect with
anything okay it's wrong if so there's
more than five ounces now it's a hundred
miles yeah so it could be it sounds like
you don't even know you're just making
up numbers
listen listen listen listen what you're
doing right now is real important this
is what every single sphere cuck does is
in order to win their argument when five
miles does work well now it's a hundred
miles but I say why drive a hundred mile
here is that okay it's a thousand miles
this is the same thing you know listen
listen this is same thing you guys do
when it comes to the horizon why can't I
see curvature walkers you're not far
enough okay well now I'm in a plane why
can't I sit up there Oh cuz you're not
far up enough okay well now I've got a
weather balloon why I can't see there oh
well it's not far enough I have to
believe in in in a space station that
I've never seen in my entire life that
supposes transmitting information back
to earth to tell me that there's a speed
or a curvature on the earth sure you
okay you okay a spurt the speaker these
vertices right so now we really think we
have a spurt it's written be certified
the answer is what number how far would
you have to go right I don't know you
tell me 25 plus 25 and then the square
root of 50 it's like seven point zero
seven yeah seven point zero seven so
that's so you're saying I only have to
go five miles and then if I turn left I
should drive seven miles and I'll run
into my original point all right let's
check so here we have your pets if
that's what you want to do hold on let's
go - um I'm trying to find the biggest
street yeah 72nd Street in Omaha okay
we're gonna follow this street in almost
a 70 second I'm gonna get a how do you
draw how do you draw like a Oh major
distance okay click on the map BAM so
we're gonna drive from here oh okay
that's one point nine miles that's two
point nine mile how far you want me to
go you only go five miles so if I were
to go there's eleven point two miles
let's say somehow we jump up there and
we go 14 miles so you're saying that if
I go up here my lines are completely
straight but you're saying that if I
Drive up here are 100 miles that I can
take a right here maybe whatever is this
what is this interstate 71
if I go if I Drive right here eventually
I'm just gonna
run back into this point we know this is
actually something if you lines you
straight and then you brought it down
the distance between the bottom two
points and the top two points would not
be the same yeah yes it would be no
depending on if you're above and below
the equator there would not be the exact
same distance okay let's check okay
clear measurement okay let's check let's
test it I'm curious let's test it but
measure distance okay I don't know
exactly accurate Google's it probably
rides it off the public transit so we
don't thank you Dad oh so know so now
it's because it's truncating that it's
not gonna work
right so you know now wait why we got to
move on to another examination yeah
three ships right your communications
you say lasers or whatever that you can
communicate between the new ships okay
you send one ship and the second ship
maybe they're buff Rises maybe they're
two miles right the third ship could you
connect these ships so that there are 90
degrees between the two respective ships
for each rep Roman ship right hold on
I'm saying if it's gonna be okay do you
guys think when I draw it here are we
gonna go all the way to 400 miles or is
gonna be some different number here we
go I don't know dude it looks like a
perfect square like I would expect a
flat earth to be it's 400 miles almost
exactly it's like 400 miles it's almost
the same it's very it's like yeah
there's a little bit of human army
drawing the box but for a moat for the
most part this is exactly what okay how
precise okay yes how precise does it
have to be how many miles out do we have
to go okay well before you seem very
confident five miles now you seem
confident 100 what about to be bigger
now and then you can't I don't know what
you're asking me I don't know what math
has to do with this is a simple
observation oh you write very yeah okay
are we done
uh-oh are you gonna bring any real
evidence for his career Clara so I'm
telling you right it's something that
you can observe if you can accurately
measure the angles you are you could
walk a distance by which 3G I already
tested this her and it's not working at
all so we have to do it a hundred
thousands of miles
how many Hmong how many miles is it how
many miles is it from the North Pole to
the South Pole
do you even know you don't even know let
me tell you it's eight thousand six
hundred miles okay so you're telling me
I have to walk what 5,000 miles to
actually get there you wait you just
said thousand miles and you don't even
know there might have been more distance
or there might not even then that we
shouldn't spend in the South Pole you
didn't even know and you and now you're
trying to say that you know how far
would you walk stopping me I think you
I'm not giving you you just made a claim
about how many miles I would have to
walk in order to see this suppose it
curvature and you didn't even know how
many miles wide the earth was or how one
would take ages to see why you can't see
something Rison yeah of course because
light falls off huh what do you mean
light falls off light is attracted to
gravitational body so it's pulled down
into the earth so we can't see that far
you believe this right don't you say in
your science books that black holes
absorb light so wouldn't it hurt the
absorb light too so you try to light
over a long distance
do you just think that they're off it's
on 9.81 that's not a measure of gravity
that's the speed immunity our success
what yeah that's the speed also say the
light is it's deflecting off horizon
because that's not enough to affect the
velocity of light that is not enough
wait I'm sorry sir if white my gosh no
no three times ten to the eight we did
you say nine point eight one use per
second is not gonna have an impact on
the speed of white it will not like no
you can see you can see literally Burj
Kalifa this [ __ ] tallest city thanks
for being sorry that was the thing sir
things still attract things to one
another things obviously attract things
to one another we can watch water do
this as well it's just
not the same force of graphics for you
distinction okay you can call it what
you want but that's not the same type of
gravity that you're describing I don't
understand tell me why you tell me why
you think tell me why you think you
should be able to observe something
miles and miles away from you if
gravitational bodies as you describe
them attract light if light is should be
pulled into the earth why should I be
able to see something ten miles away
this takes a sufficient mass versus
change in velocity and weight have an
impact so you're telling me that the
earth the huge thing we live on has no
impact on light if that's true then why
is it that during a lunar eclipse we
still see the light pulled around the
moon because of the supposed gravity of
the moon as you say the moon is
diffracting the light off the surface no
wait how is the light bending sure light
travels in ways but I don't know what
you mean by it's bending around the moon
only some light waves bend to walk
around the moon or but yeah because so
sometimes depending on the wave so
you're saying that some light goes
wait-wait-wait-wait-wait
I just want to try to understand
understand you're saying that some light
just goes right through the moon why are
you googling stuff middle bar debate you
should know this okay wait so sup so
some light bends around the moon and
some light doesn't yes cuz some weight
hits and then someone
what do you mean the light doesn't hit
the moon I thought you said the moon
blocks the whole Sun do you want me to
explain it is defined as the Bene of
wager on the courtesan obstacle or
through an aperture through the region
of geometrical scale of the obstacles
okay so why does this only bend some
light waves and not others supposedly
you want you want to talk about the dual
slit experiment no no no I don't know
why you have to keep jumping topics why
I just want you to tell me why you say
to you I just want to know why you think
some light bends around the moon and
some light doesn't supposedly there's no
can you ever run an experiment on earth
if I shine a flashlight around a corner
I don't see certain types of light bend
around the corner and what is the do a
slit experiment explained okay it's how
something so it's an interference and
diffraction patterns when you have one
light source and then two separate
openings you sign the light source it
has an interference path why would that
happen for electrons that has to do with
quantum theory about how we can't know
where a certain photon is going before
we've actually observed it the dual slit
experiment isn't an experiment that has
to do with different wavelengths that
just has to do with quantum theory
supposedly about how we can actually
that's generally what it's testing it's
not heated with wavelengths yeah of
course you tell me we didn't know about
rainbows before the dual slit experiment
you don't need to know all the real slit
experiment tests is that you is it by
observing a photon you are actually
changing like where it's going to wind
up bad that's the whole point of the
dual slit experiment nothing to do with
that's all it has to do it has nothing
to do with wavelength wait so you're
telling me that we just saw is explained
by the dual that's part of didn't know
what Heisenberg's uncertainty no I'm
just talking about this kind of mass so
you're telling me that we had no
description of how rainbows worked until
the dual slit experiment no I'm telling
you the dual experiment explains much
more than just frames but it also helps
explain rambles so if I were to go into
google and type in dual split or dual
slit experiment and then rainbow you
think there's going to be some
information that comes up about this
what do you mean you're literally saying
that this is what it is explaining let's
see oh you're the one that brought up
the double slit experiment I'm looking
at like a whole thing about rainbows on
this explanation
brought up the dual slit experiment to
explain the fraction of light in
interference paths I don't know what the
istick you sell and explain how this
causes it to bend around the moon
I literally explains the fraction how
light is a wave
sometimes intercepts of object and
sometimes can go around it even though
it's in the climates like I don't think
Gilles litt has anything I'm curious how
does this have anything to do with
rainbows can you please explain this to
me I never do the next new rainbows
those all in your weight then why did
you bring up the dual slit experiment to
explain the fraction why do we need to
explain this diffraction to talk about
the moon because that's what the light
bands around the moon you know it's like
it bends around the moon because of
diffraction how yes it's passing through
a vacuum in your explanation the the
space is a vacuum around the moon there
is nothing there's a fragment bending
you're bending your other moon is okay
wait let's let's focus on one thing okay
let's just talk about the moon all of us
can see a lunar eclipse and all of us
can see the sun rays bending around the
moon now in my theory okay where the Sun
isn't eight million whatever billion
miles away from the earth the Sun is
actually a body thousands of miles of
the sky and the moon is a body you know
directly beneath it in my theory it all
makes sense of course the moon pulls the
light a little bit into it the same way
that light falls onto the earth and we
observe it at a distance of ten miles or
whatever it makes sense but now in your
theory you have a light source that's
billions of miles away you have a moon
in front of it that's supposed to be
right next our planet but somehow that
moon is is bending the light around it
through diffraction or something the
light is the threat to your eyes
diffracting through what it's a vacuum
of the moon
maybe how does the moon cause
diffraction of light around the moon in
the vacuum the same way okay sure let's
try it okay so we can do all of us can
do this experiment right now hold an
object actually hold your hand up and
block a light source and you can
actually see no lights getting through
my
and I don't see any light Rasika all of
us can hold our hand up over a light and
block the light it 200 megawatt flashes
so you're telling me that the moon is
the absolute perfect size to totally
block everything except those light
edges of the Sun that allows it what
wheat so now the Sun is the one
diffracting things right you're not
explaining anything about how the moon
is diffracting anything I just know you
dinner my understanding of diffraction
is that when you shine light through
water because the different wavelengths
travel at different speeds because it's
passing through the water it will
refract out of that at different
wavelength like you'll see the different
wavelengths that's my only thing of
diffraction I don't think anything
passes through the moon and outside of
the moon is a vacuum so I don't
understand how there's any diffraction
happening around the moon confusing to
different okay there's there's an index
of refraction right so when light
travels then experiences a change and I
are either wavelength or with the lights
going right versus the fraction which is
encountering an obstacle
I'm not talking about any change with
any indices so you're telling me that
the light is reflecting off the moon and
then it's bouncing back around the moon
to go back to the earth light doesn't
work that way why are you googling
things sir because I'm going join the
textbook
okay that's fine tell me refraction just
to change the direction two waves of the
courage of race travel from one medium
to another yeah diffraction if this is
the bending waist
waves around obstacles and openings
you're literally just so you're telling
if that's true you've said it yourself
that the Sun is so massive that it's
diffracting light around it why can't we
see more of the light of the Sun if the
Sun is these is millions of miles huge
and the moon is this itty bitty thing in
space why wouldn't the Sun completely
envelop the moon then
but you just talked to me for five
minutes about how it's so massive there
are so many photons and it's such a
magnitude so you don't find it strange
that you've made the math exactly work
out such that and suppose it is no but
it is because we can all see we can all
see when a lunar sir we can all see that
when a lunar eclipse happens the moon is
apparently exactly the size and all of
your physics have been worked out
exactly the way that you have it exactly
set up so the moon is just barely
allowing a ring of light around the moon
what are the statistical odds of that
actually happening or is it more likely
that you've just bent the math to kind
of suit your needs to make sure you have
a flat earth so are you going to but
there's a pretty large margin for race
but that's not true but that's not true
because when venus is between us of the
sun it's totally undeveloped when
mercury is between us and the Sun it's
totally on why is the ratio okay and
even when Mars is behind us
why doesn't the earth leave a shadow and
Mars then I'm asking you to explain it
you tell me that there's like
diffraction of light and shade you but
the Venus is wave let's say that let's
say that things actually did that why
wouldn't we leave a shadow on Mars then
when the Earth passes over between Mars
and the Sun why don't we leave a shadow
on Mars if because of the same shadows
not the size of a golf ball okay I mean
like you have your theory but like
basically what you've told me is like
you have all of the math and all of your
theories work so perfectly the
the moon is the absolute perfect size
despite it being in your model a random
thing that maybe hit the earth a million
years ago and bounced off it's the
perfect size what yeah yeah you're
saying the moon is the perfect size to
have a ring of light around it and
everything bends in the perfect way but
it doesn't Bend so much on earth that
light falls off over time and somehow we
don't leave a shadow on Mars which you
haven't really explained why and Venus
and Mercury like somehow all you've made
all the numbers and calculations fit
these exact things like well sure well
how are the proportions how much larger
is Venus than our moon it's so far away
so it's because it all works out because
you make things like the farther the far
enough distance okay really close are we
done are you done when he picks up squad
three okay I love you buddy okay
okay all right listen listen don't be
greedy don't be greedy in case we get
out of here be careful because if you
say overthrow I want the cops to show up
at your house and arrest you or
something like those other hundred fifty
people that apparently don't exist in
your prisons okay so
