alright dude I got it I got it all gonna
lay out I got a camera I got I got the
cutie pie of my dreams right here what's
up baby
what's up what's up buddy okay hey hey
welcome sir 24 of the scuff version of
the DT podcast is finally tomorrow I
will be home again [ __ ] 15 hour days
of streaming I even put like a [ __ ]
sub reddit thread on the [ __ ] that I
want to start doing what are you doing
[ __ ] minecraft card core mode with
Kay Torino hopefully mr. Luton I'll be
playing maybe tf2 I want to make an
incremental game for my [ __ ] chat
we're gonna keep up with a politic [ __ ]
holy [ __ ] I cannot wait to get my
[ __ ] house see my big-ass monitors
I'm so excited
I hope they fixed all the dumb [ __ ]
going at my apartment cuz I also had
some [ __ ] going on there with pipes
leaking and [ __ ] I hope that's all
thanks
I'm excited that's where I'm at right
now dude where you have [ __ ] France [ __ ]
Sweden [ __ ] Canada I'm an America baby
and I can't wait to go back well I feel
like I feel like because of your
occupation of being the streamer that
you are right now just to have them to
having to be like neglected to like
travel compatible equipment just makes
you feel like it's super annoying holy
[ __ ] one laptop you know most cases
probably one monitor you know mobile
streaming is garbage all around here
just like I need I need power tools man
I'm trying to do right now and being
[ __ ] like a whole other new a whole
other [ __ ] time zone oh god like if I
start streaming at the guy started at
like 9:00 p.m. Sweden time was like noon
California Oh God but it hasn't been
cleaning by the way that the whole time
zone thing are you do you feel you're
still rejecting like EU time zones or
try to adjust or you feel like you're
gonna have a hard time getting back to
the USA when you get back here I think
it's an I think it's fun
oh yeah I am in the US okay okay alright
yeah I'm in uh Nebraska now I'm here for
a few days I would Nathan alright dude
okay first topic [ __ ] is [ __ ]
about being a homeowner all rights to do
okay so so so give me that give me
opening here the opening here is that uh
console everyone comes to DD podcast
episode 24 I think I don't know whatever
stuff edition we're here alright so
first topic is [ __ ] about home being
homeowners here I love this topic I'm on
the I'm on well I'm actually getting
[ __ ] on both ends right now
yeah be a maid but you're your tenant
yeah you're a tenant for a rental
apartment right I'm a tenant in my
apartment and my landlord is the laziest
piece of [ __ ] is taking up [ __ ]
forever to fix my goddamn [ __ ] just
pissing me the [ __ ] off my drain in my
kitchen and my food as well have not
been working for like [ __ ] two months
and I didn't bother him to fix my
[ __ ] [ __ ] I pay for the record 2800
USD a month for a one-bedroom locked in
Glendale which is north of Hollywood
okay I'm like 30 30 minutes to an hour
depending on traffic from even being in
like downtown LA okay [ __ ] that [ __ ]
and where I own a house where I am a
landlord my [ __ ] pipes are breaking
[ __ ] pay thousands of [ __ ] dollars
to fix that [ __ ] - what the [ __ ] I'm
getting [ __ ] [ __ ] as an owner am a
tenant right now and it feels [ __ ]
bad what's your life like talk to me
[ __ ] [ __ ] dude
well first off have you have you
reviewed your your lease agreement and
saw that when he's like when your
landlords held obligated to actually
like get repairs done like has a you
because usually these things are like
you know they have like 48 hours to like
respond and on if you report pipes
breaking or some [ __ ] like that or
something that were they or the a/c not
working like they have like two days max
usually to like do something the fat
that your landlord here has been like
been like thumb in the ass for like two
months now I feel like you can pull that
out at least agree to be like yo son
were you at any a pro rate uh no my on
my rent now I actually don't remember I
should you go back and read my lease
again but I feel like that's probably
not a thing but I could be wrong I mean
damn be like I feel like really it's not
a thing like I feel like whenever we uh
I thought has to be something in there
to make you appealed make you want to
sign the lease agreement for they think
that I kind of conversation
la I mean everybody wants to like I feel
like a given lease agreement they're
gonna add they're gonna disclose here
like who's who's paying for pest control
like you know on to what to what extent
they're held liable for repairing [ __ ]
well I mean they're how liable I just I
don't know if they have like a specific
like a service level agreement like they
have like a time table where they have
to fix it all so I got like reimbursed
or some [ __ ] okay so do you um
my question there would be do you
actually have a copy of the agreement or
is it kind of like okay okay okay really
no it's actually like savvy then uh
cheese these things are like paper for
me and it's like got to like you know
make a copy of it and throw it like in a
folder somewhere and then buried in the
basement or some [ __ ] like that so yeah
uh now I'm sorry to hear the by the way
that is like you know typically that
[ __ ] I'm sure you're not alone here
I've had some friends who had rental
houses who they were tenants at a house
there was for rent and some of them you
know sometimes it's like a 1980s house
with like a 1980s air conditioner
because like no one's eager to have a
replace that [ __ ] even though those
things usually go out within ten years
and dude God told me that it's AC bill
would routinely get over $400 a month in
the summer because like the things wait
eighteen hundred dollars in a month
no no four hundred the electric bill
would get over four hundred dollars a
month so pretty [ __ ] I know it's
terrible yeah he was he thought it was
begin he didn't know though he was like
okay I'll guess it's what it cost of you
know air conditioned the fool I guess
you know whatever two thousand two
thousand square foot house rabbit an
apartment or you know there's something
like that he didn't really know if I was
like dude the house is old it's one of
those old house to me I'm talking like
you know the [ __ ] had like no grounding
um what's that third hole in the
electrical socket the the grounding of
prong caught the ground yeah yeah yeah I
didn't have them like that's how the
house was so give you an idea that's
pretty that's actually pretty common in
a lot of somewhat whole houses I don't
know how old they have to be but yeah
they don't even have the grounding on
the way soon yeah usually when I see
that my okay well this is that this
house is like way too old to handle all
my [ __ ] some ponds gonna like dip on
this one here like a fire by the way
you'd never just assumed that because
one people can install outlets they just
have fake grounds or to even install
outlets with quote unquote
real grounds but they've actually just
wired the ground to another one of the
two another one of the prongs so you
can't actually just eyeball it if you
really want to test if it's a real
ground I think if you I think there are
things you could plug into the wall to
see if it's actually a ground to earth
or whatever to actually see if it's like
up to code or whatever but a lot of
people [ __ ] with the sockets too so
you can't even tell yeah I did I did not
know that holy [ __ ]
okay that's crazy here oh here's like a
piece here is like a real real facts
[ __ ] life advice you
should absolutely always front the $300
or whatever to get a home inspection
before you my house of course absolutely
yeah and that's action we're gonna go
into now my tournament about the bull
should be home owner so I got that done
for me was about was $400 for the home
inspector he came you know delivered me
like a 72 page document completely going
over every athlete of the house and he
gave me a thing he said look look book
the AC doesn't cool adequately enough
given a but 15 to 20 minute time frame
he told me like it it supposed to be
able over at 10 degrees if I put it on
full blast and it was only able to do
like six and a half degrees Fahrenheit
or whatever and I was like well okay I
guess that's not too bad I gotta look
into it brah ended up being the AC unit
was like it was from 2009 it was getting
out of warranty it was not working as
well ultimately at this point now has
cost me about three grands repaired a
thing Mike
dan that's the book an AC I want to say
those things should last like at least
15 to 20 years of good life if that
thing is going out of ten years those
things are that sounds like you would
say she would think that but uh actually
from what from what I heard when I talk
to the AC guys who have been here like
you know six times now since May 2017 in
Louisiana the things usually go out
about ten years because the mains get
ran to the ground during the summer but
you I think are our winners in Louisiana
or like we know until you know until
post 2016 winners were usually like a
joke here to be like November December
you wear a jacket then like januar
you're back to wearing Schwarz again
house really about it so you'd have the
AC running pretty much all year long so
yeah they would get ran pretty hard
around here but yeah I don't like to
change like the filter and all that [ __ ]
right especially because you have got
animals right yeah yeah air filter cos
teams every three months like three
months yeah at or sooner whenever I look
at LC with whatever it is but yeah yeah
I know that was that [ __ ] that it
really it sucked dude there was a point
in by October 2017 if I moved in that
the I learned the hard way because the
AC couldn't keep up it was a hot-ass day
it was like I don't know like 93 outside
the AC set on 72 degrees Fahrenheit and
it just could not get it down that low
it was like it was stuck at 75 and
because it could
it couldn't get it cool to kept like you
know kept running over and over again
trying to pump in more cold air I guess
so whatever with the freon and yeah I
just really might let you build really
really high and it was not doing a good
job cooling I'm like okay this is gonna
and I was and I was hot and miserable
while streaming so it was like [ __ ] dude
so I was like I have my ballsack sucks
my forehead and just sucked ass dude so
uh yeah I learned my lesson there I
should have like I should have heeded
the warning of mine inspector and like
employee like plate hot potato but I
really wanted the house it's a great
location I love like I love I love the
house I have currently and they had are
the owners that just had already lowered
it ten grands they're trying to like cuz
it literally were waiting on the sell of
this house
it's moving to their next house and they
couldn't in their words clinical they
couldn't lower anymore because it
already like dropped as low as I can go
honestly and I I should have played more
aggressive but I was my first time home
owning so I didn't know just like you
know not been like well well [ __ ] dude
you hey grace he's not working that well
you're gonna have to front me another
five grand to buy a new unit cuz I go
moving in conditions here that's what I
should have did if I wasn't a beta [ __ ]
but unfortunately your home owner of the
your real estate agent should have been
advising on that whether or not they
thought you can get away with asking for
more or not no yeah but they mean they
had just lowered a 10 grand they really
did want to do at the first place but
they're trying get that sold like within
two weeks so apparently uh but again
also I wasn't pushing I wasn't pushing
you're either I was I was really trying
to I also was desperate to get the home
because there was like by far the only
one I wanted to get at that time because
okay initially what happened was I was
looking in March 2017 to see like what
houses were like what did you know what
was in my range and was 150k giving me
what does 200k get me etc trying to
figure out even like what's my ballpark
here with like the you know what do I
want what I want to do anything like
that started looking quickly found a
couple things that were pretty banger
and I was like oh [ __ ] he's actually
looked really really good here and then
once I started doing some some round two
visits my when I figure out my short
list of what I wanted because there's
only like but because I wanted the fiber
optic internet that kind of made my
Zoning options very limited because the
the fiber is only offered in like a
quarter of the city so it was like I had
like a lot of house to pick from if I
wanted fiber internet so that got that
narrowed it down very quickly like top
four top five houses I would even
consider getting at this time and and
then
well I did a round to visit I really
realized that you know they didn't
location came in the plate and I wanted
to be on I wanted to be on the side of
town where I was like not dealing with
all the traffic and all the [ __ ] and
everything else you know how that's
right like sure you can get a house
maybe like you know is like 30 grand 30
grand cheaper and I started even the bad
side of town here but like just the part
where it's like you're going the deal
with traffic if you want to get out of
town if you want get towards the airport
if you want to get to where you want to
get to you're dealing with more traffic
you were paying literally and money by
not spending money for the inconvenience
of dealing with more traffic more lights
more [ __ ] so I wouldn't be on the
good side of town but I have like an
optimized traffic flow and then some
what anyways though there was only one
house in the top four I thought was even
anywhere near considerable if I
considered location as important as
having that fiber internet and and so I
was like okay well either I get this
house now or I'm my buying [ __ ] until
I'm gonna revisit everything later on
like probably in November of this year
so so yeah I was actually very
emotionally tied to that house I started
having dreams about it actually I got
pretty obsessed with it and I was like
no yeah I was pretty I was emotional I
urged emotions and business and that's
where it all fell apart cuz I got a
little [ __ ] over on the house because
of the you know to this extent now you
know I've paid about 3 grand on repaired
an a/c well I could just like spent 5
grand and just bought a new unit but
again I didn't think you know those like
I paid 3 grand front here I paid 3 grand
all across various visits to repair and
try to like fix this [ __ ] goddamn
compressor on the stupid-ass AC unit so
now here we are now though so you learn
just some [ __ ] though for sure
but yeah definitely I would definitely
up your uh your landlord be like yo son
like I'm I'm siding here this this part
in our lease agreeing right now we're
like it's been two months I don't have a
[ __ ] disposal and I don't have a I
have leaky pipes and [ __ ] like that
mean to fix this [ __ ] Oh real Oh real
in my previous apartment actually my
staying in a two-story townhouse with
three other roommates we had a huge we
had like a it was either a rat or a
mouse that was a huge problem and I just
didn't want to like I don't know I was
already pretty cheap so I wasn't really
sweating it but like I didn't really
know what to do that's right do I tell
tight a landlord do I just keep buying
like rat traps and mouse traps try to
like you know get this problem fixed
so anyways though wait wait what was the
end of that what did you do oh I ended
up okay so the like took over the
[ __ ] apartment okay so it was it was
one it was one it was one mouse what
happened was behind the oven because it
was like it was a corner of the of the
town house itself yes we had the corner
unit which was next to like you know all
the nature's just like that the the rat
there was like a hole behind the oven
that wasn't really patched that well and
the rats eventually broke it or whatever
or the rat did and what was really scary
here was what at the worst of it um
I had a pair of about you know a bundle
of bananas on the kitchen counter and I
saw like uh like a like a like a bite
out of the banana from the heel out
where I was okay clearly an animal ate
that okay they're eating better than
mean right now let me this is after I'm
already being accosted I'm sorry I was
keeping my cereal any kind of non sealed
stuff in the fridge exciting with the
right to get in there whatever so we had
a bunch of like rat traps out like the
not not like Tom and Jerry's a little
slap but more like the UM the sticky goo
ones where if they step in and they're
stuck there and then I can like you know
you know dispose of them at that point
ultimately we moved out that's what
happened actually the rat was like a
annoying thing or the mouse was like an
annoying thing but the it was actually
my neighbor next door that really put me
on till this is again a bullsh in here
by about being a tenant a little bit I
guess the the the the townhouse unit had
you know obviously paper-thin walls
because whatever right [ __ ] it
and but from June 2013 when I first
moved into the townhouse up until
probably the beginning of 2017
I had this cool cool black lady as a
neighbor she was like really really
awesome smoked a lot of weed had a
boyfriend over they would blast music
really really loud they didn't give a
[ __ ] at all so we can be allowed to
because we can get [ __ ] also my boys
would come over we play Smash Brothers
we were loud and rowdy she never should
have her boyfriend over to ever and they
would blast her music dating is fun so
having black neighbours the best loved
it well unfortunately the honeymoon was
over because the she eventually got a
house and she moved out and so we had a
new neighbor coming to began 2017 and
this was like some really annoying old
chick who like had to work at like 4:00
in the morning so pretty much the anti
the anti her had to like she
wanted like no noise after 9 p.m. under
any condition but share was to spare but
it was like a huge buzz kill for me you
know cuz I was sitting here you know on
the privilege and I'm sitting here
playing dr you know a my little dance
pad on the stream and everything else
here and she was like really really mad
about that so yeah I was kind of like
eager to get out myself to their house
trying to figure out you know what do I
want to well I've been doing I've been
renting for like seven years now I've
been renting since 2011 here and do I do
I want to am I gonna stay here still my
life in Louisiana my gonna become a
homeowner do I want to like but do I
want to like move to Austin or whatever
else and or figure out the [ __ ] I'm
gonna do and ultimately moving out of
state was kind of like a big leap that I
wasn't really uh I didn't feel confident
and in selecting where I was gonna go
whether it be you know Austin or Vegas
or or Denver or Portland OR Seattle or
LA I didn't know there was like you know
because because you know where twitch
streamers I was like there's too many
variables of like there's nothing really
keeping me bound to any one location I
can kind of work from anywhere here so
me so I have to kind of like really give
it a lot of thought and figure out where
am I gonna go this is a pretty big
decision you know financially time
investment everything else here sold
feels like okay well I could see myself
in Louisiana for another like probably
five years minimum I would say so
[ __ ] it I'll just like I'll just you
know get a house around here I guess I
can do so how's about it alright that's
my story at least but uh yeah you know
I'm trying I'm trying baby I'm grindin
appreciate it the twitch love you know I
like all that good stuff here what about
um hey and we were talking before here
actually but your
I think you wouldn't you're not really
eager to get any kind of housing in LA
cuz it's probably like you know stupid
expensive right in general owning a home
and I think is a great financial
investment and I'd rather just other
places I might look into like buying or
renting a house at some point but I
think that the only way it even starts
to become remotely worth it is for you
planning on being in an area for at
least five years and I don't see myself
being at that point yet also like even
cheap houses and kind of shitty houses
in like that la era that are looking at
where anywhere from like six hundred to
like nine hundred K I was pretty
confident that like when I was for fun
out of curiosity I was just looking you
know because now I have the the some
sample knowledge of Homewood and all
that whenever I was hanging out in the
Huntington Beach I was like hey what
house was running out here I found like
a little bit oh my god dude like a
little little two-bedroom one-bath
[ __ ] version of square foot piece of
[ __ ] was like six hundred thousand
dollars I was like what the [ __ ] yeah
that's a yeah it's actually and then by
the way those those were like I went on
sale look at those like those were
already gone
like the billboards the little newspaper
ad I saw those are already gone I was
like dude like apparently uh things
don't last long in the market at all
over there like they come and go like
that if it's under a mill so that's
crazy
okay well that's uh yeah being a
homeowner it's it's [ __ ] and being a
tenants also [ __ ] so what you gonna
do right see homeless I guess actually I
heard of um like what I hear about this
did you hear about this though this
dystopia things happening in San Frisco
right now the the pods there's a CNN a
video on Twitter a couple weeks back no
what the [ __ ] is this so in San
Francisco's you already know probably
one of the worst spots as far as like
you know the the median or average of
rent costs are in USA it's out of
control at this point there's a thing
called pods if I'm calling it right like
rental pods and essentially it's it's a
it's like a I don't know like it's a
room where there's like four to twelve
bunk beds like literally in every bunk
bed is like has like a mounted TV and a
privacy curtain essentially with like a
shared hallway bathroom or whatever
right and the idea is when you when you
sit when you use the subscription
service
of the pod home state program you can go
from PAH the pod you know you take your
backpack and you're in your [ __ ] and you
just you know if you want to rent a pod
you get a bunk bed with the little TV in
the mountain with some Wi-Fi with a
Wi-Fi code and a router in the bathroom
in the shower I spot it really so for
1,200 a month you can you can go to your
half bunk bed and do your thing you're
not you're not tied down to one pot they
have like five different spots in LA you
can go to depending on commuting to work
or whatever and just you know you just
live pod the pod and it looks like a
dystopian polish it do so but apparently
it's what people are doing right now
because it's what they can it's actually
a pretty affordable deal by comparison
to any other actual apartment and
downtown SF so this is actually like a
really cute idea but at twelve hundred
dollars a month
no I'm good [ __ ] that [ __ ] what's the
[ __ ] yeah I would encourage you to check
out the video I can probably find a four
of you if you want to I just looked
around like $1200 a month [ __ ] that [ __ ]
like for no privacy at all yeah no no
even even when they were being interview
for a CNN video the the bathroom was
taken they couldn't even show cuz I
already had people like you know doing
[ __ ] for their day using the bathrooms
and everything else so oh my god dude
so yeah that's a that's depressing
that's a that's you know your your
worst-case scenario of like the rental
woes of USA right now so let's see as
far as topics go here we have it there's
a couple of things I like we can get
into couple things that have happened
here this week did you want to get you
wanna get into uh into critical here I
believe a critical we watched his video
was that last week was that week before
last one remember actually well he did a
video right so we did a video on on
politics and gaming is dumb or something
like that and was like a generally a
avocation for you know things for a
simpler time when like we don't really
want all these like you want all these
like political games you know we wants
more a political content in his gaming I
guess we're not like over read the roles
or any of the roles narratives the
purposes of how things are done in games
right but he kind of like he kind of he
responded on on something here
and now and I was gonna asking you
destiny I was asking you like should we
um should we get them on
should we get him on to like cuz he made
a salad that we were we were like
attacking him pretty hardcore but y'all
know I'm in this really the case where
it's kind of like just kind of
commenting on his take about the whole
thing here and then the situation itself
but question one is do we want to reach
out and see who wants to come on and
talk about it further here or is that
coming off as kinda like it would it be
like a 2v1 thing that's not really the
best way to handle it or like yeah it
would be it would be a TV one thing I
mean we could but the problem isn't like
I could probably just like imitate his
voice and tell you how like the whole
conversation will go I mean like we're
gonna say like hey don't you think it's
kind of [ __ ] and be like well no I
just think politics are ruining games
like okay but like politics have always
been against like oh yeah I guess maybe
I don't mean those kinds of politics I
mean like sjw politics it's like well
what do you mean by that like well you
know I just think like not actually
politics and games and not actually sqw
Polixenes but like the statements that a
lot of communities fighting on are like
really bad it's like well okay so like
and it'll basically like it's one of
those things will he'll end up backing
into like such a niche corner that like
we'll all basically agree like he'll
basically his ending argument after like
five minutes of questioning is going to
be I don't like people online that
viciously attack other people for
disagreeing with their politics when
they're not even racist or hurtful
that's gonna be like his ending argument
like that's where it goes like 100
that's like where they actually do it's
gonna be like is the right term back
from visit backpedaling really it's more
like the stance will be so vague they
hope that it he'll have to like the fine
it and then in the defend enough to
pursue to ultimately be like a diluted
conversation here yeah I am still down
he wants to come on or whatever or I
guess I feel bad though because I feel
like he it would become a 2v1
and it wouldn't be as interesting or it
wouldn't be fun for him I think it's
gonna kind of just dread it at that
point yeah so I don't know maybe maybe
not we'll see but you know just want to
bring up here that he didn't respond to
he did acknowledge that up apparently
he's been told from Oh from across
traffic that we we we talked about him
so you know all the left critical um
well things working out for you so ok
cool cool cool um let me see your I got
some there's some I'm not gonna lie to
you again the reason why we're kind of
winging this so hard right now for me is
because I don't have like
much to talk about because again I've
been still grinding the uh I've been
riding man I've been I'm a 5k Andy um
when I'm on the Mari maker I'm on I'm a
5k Andy when I'm on my [ __ ] when I'm out
late as [ __ ] as well so uh I've been
I've been doing my thing and I'm due to
that I've been doing you know 10 hours
or near 10 our streams daily and I have
not had much chance doing anything else
other than that you know it's 10 our
streams and then it's like you know me
getting my YouTube content and editing
it all together all other [ __ ] as well
on the on the other in my other downtime
cause your girlfriend got mad at you
yeah that's the real question my ex mmm
no no no why uh what first we're not
giving her any time or whatever yeah so
it's actually a really good question
honestly the the work/life balance of a
country song no work-life balance a
tweet wit streamer that's actually like
one of my it's like a huge problem that
I have when I'm in a relationship is it
like I can like every waking moment of
mine can like be encompassed by work and
I'll do it if I don't think about it
[Music]
like every waking moment could be spent
doing that oh you were not wrong yeah
time is our most strapped resource and
it's really easy to try to optimize that
minimax all [ __ ] day and just kind of
like push everything out which
everything personal aside and work
yourself to death
all right the depo you you're in the
flow essentially right cuz like the more
yeah the more you work the more
opportunity to get the opportunity to
get the more you can work and you just
you ski just keeps like you know
escalating further further further here
you know cuz I've never had I've never
been this point now where I can actually
like you know I got people begging me
for more everything they want more
twitch streams they want more YouTube
personal content they want more
highlights they want more takes up my
takes on things and things like that
it's just like they want more more more
more MORE it's like [ __ ] dude
I I'm trying to figure out where when do
things slow down and the fast lane
currently but to answer your question
though my no action my girlfriend's been
very very supportive because honestly
it's my it's my first girlfriend first
many Malaysia PAC surely we got the
other January 2016 and dude I was I was
I was a Webley W in love man I I
actually did a terrible job screaming
2016 I felt I I was at a massive
conflict that's the first time since
2011 the thing I wanted more than two
and grow the stream was actually to be
with her so there was a lot of times I
was conflicted over like I want to hang
out with her and do [ __ ] especially what
do we were a distance it was oh it was
really really bad I actually like was I
felt that was Meghan conflicted cuz I'll
try her [ __ ] rabbit stream and then
when I just just want to call and talk
to her and hang out like that you know
do the FaceTime the Whoopie W thing cuz
I was like the distance was like really
hard to deal with so like talking to her
whenever I could made it like more
bearable
we were distance for about like seven
and a half months almost eight months
till we finally like made it made that
made the gut-punched
you know close the gap in like moving
together but yeah I uh
but ultimately the to be totally
transparent bout this whole thing here I
I felt like I neglected the stream and
ultimately the virality I have a Mario
maker one I eventually lost everything
of it because I let competition come in
or inactivity or just not the initiative
to like push content out and stream
competitively so you know we got
together and we were doing great but by
the time like you know we about a time
we we we've got a house and everything
yeah I was definitely nowhere near what
I was back and I was like you know
single and primal my maker won back in
2015 when I had like you know a 8k
viewers daily you know so that uh and I
can honestly I wouldn't even tell you
all that if I didn't feel I wouldn't
look humble even telling you that
because then you just look at me be like
well [ __ ] dude right now you're you're
you're just a 1k but you know I'm now
I'm back on my maker too and I'm doing
my thing and I'm much more woke now to
what to not do that I can say okay yeah
in hindsight without anyone roasting me
over it yeah I I [ __ ] up and did a
really bad job at streaming at that time
but now I'm not taking for granted I'm
doing everything I can to like redeem
that mistake because I don't want to be
pain in a way where it's like I chose
you know I choose between this the
stream career or or my love you know I
don't want to be a or b I think I think
we can work together but we have to
understand you know what the work ethic
will require me to maintain that and the
fact that you know I was already a
twitch broadcaster before we got
together here you know so that's how I
that's how I like how I how I view it I
mean her thoughts about it so she knows
I'm working really hard and she's
helping me work really hard and together
we're gonna accomplish our goals to you
know progress in all directions here so
she's going
oh good luck man well I feel like you
know last you know what well then tell
me about you those I feel like this is
like a same thing right you have to like
anyone you talk to you have to like
invaded them like look you know I'm I'm
you know I'm hot on the prowl you know
I'm alpha as [ __ ] right here you know
I'm five a time do my thing but like
listen I'm putting in 60 hours a week
minimum on this [ __ ] streaming [ __ ]
and you gotta understand that whenever
you want you want this test anytime that
like you're competing with you know the
DG cheers and chat and everything else
or how how do you how do you approach it
how do you deal with it well I'm pretty
poorly I mean I think with the most
recent girl I started dating I I've kind
of been out of a relationship for a
while before that so I was able to take
all my time and do it work so now I'm
trying to find a balance again but yeah
I mean like you said it's really easy
for me to spend like every waking moment
doing something related to like work so
I'm trying to peel that back at some
points like I'm not eating with somebody
I probably shouldn't be on my phone like
it could probably wait another 30
minutes or an hour and then trying to
like like streaming until your tire is
probably not a good idea probably Big
Macs big facts yeah cuz then it's really
easy to just go upstairs like hey listen
we're not there anything I'm gonna sleep
it's easy to just do that and like yeah
it's not good not good yeah actually
that's a you bring them a very the on
the unspoken tale of being with someone
as a streamer I can't say often like
I've I've you know I'm supposed to end
at 10 so I'm posed to like you know kind
of wrap things up around 9 p.m. and then
you know I don't know something happens
I whether it be like I don't know like
someone raised me or whatever and then
I'm like okay well [ __ ] that so maybe
not got it I got off my boys show off
another level or whatever right and then
like I actually end up getting done
around 11:30 but at this point now you
know I clearly haven't eaten because you
know screaming and eating don't really
go to go that well here so I'm like I'm
starving so I'm about to like smash down
a fat [ __ ] old [ __ ] USA patriotism
sighs bowl of cereal or whatever right
and box when I'm done doing all that you
know it spits midnight I go in the room
already asleep has happened so often
this month I go in there to like you
know do some post some post stream wind
down and chill already passed out I'm
too late it's already so we're already
done it's like feels bad man feels bad
so I'm trying to do better on that you
sit here on the balance as well here
but the whole thing here that's why we
we have a system now where it's like
yeah we walk dog twice a day so I try to
like in the stream responsibly so that
we can go walk the dog together after
I'm dust room that night and just have
our little hammer a little night
conversation or whatever but the balance
is hard doing the mounds is hard yeah
it's really difficult with like a
nine-to-five jobs or with like salary
jobs even like it's easy to like when
you're done with work you're done with
work I'll be streaming you're kind of
like you're always [ __ ] plugged into
[ __ ] so it's a lot harder to find the
balance yeah boy yeah there's always
like if you want more work you can
always go get it so hard to find exactly
dude it's crazy it's crazy so yeah so
she knows that we were working hard and
trying to build our future together so
I'm just trying to like and above all I
want to like really fight the idea that
there was competition between like
growing my career as a twitch streamer
and being with her and so we've had a
lot of talks about that and and she
understands very she understands very
well what what it means to me and what
it would it could mean for us if I I
keep pushing so do my thing now we'll
say on that note on that note though on
the bigger spectrum of the topic of
work-life balance what I'm doing right
now is not healthy I'm not gonna lie to
you like doing these [ __ ] I feel like
it's like 16 18 hour days right now
where I'm doing the 10 hours dreams I'm
doing the I'm doing the YouTube and I'm
trying to like fit in I don't know other
[ __ ] as well here is there's always I do
there's always a mountain of deems to
respond to my emails to follow up on and
everything else I'm trying to like you
know you know I'm trying to like pursue
other opportunities while I have this
like moment of you know empowerment
right and I'm not I'm not working out
like I'm [ __ ] I'm not moving I'm not
working out I walk the dog because it's
my only opportunity to like get some
meaningful form of movement in the day
if I was wearing a pedometer right now
I'm sure it would tell me you know get
your fat [ __ ] ass up and go do something
every hour cuz I'm barely moving yeah
it's bad I don't I'm in the I'm in the
worst shape of my life since ever
starting working out at a 2014 I haven't
been to the gym and like at least three
months meaning like [ __ ] because I'm
clutching further further on the takeout
weight shorter than three months oh yeah
well that without much to say I'm from
reset
I've been to the gym in route
team uh when I'm with you do that was
more like actually that was really fine
honestly
I wait Jeff dude did uh did we tell you
about me Mina Mina Steve worked out
together it was sick we got it we we win
our freaking it both went are like our
little like we had a little little gym
top song with a little cropped up booty
shorts know if it'll work out short so
you guys we got some we got a bodacious
pump at the gym I was [ __ ] sick dude
we were spotting each other and should
do my [ __ ] like uh you know welcome
Steve was on the bench you know doing
doing some [ __ ] sick ass play doing
like two puts on each side easy I'm
sitting there spotted on the [ __ ] nut
sack so far little bit low and almost in
his forehead but it was cool though no
big deal no homo cuz it in touch
it was awesome bro yeah I felt a little
bad next you know only you know doing
225 for 10 reps
I felt kind of [ __ ] for man cuz you'd
you know bench in that three play but
you know catching up doing my best okay
yeah what's next what do we what's
what's the next man so on that note here
X we can kind of pivot to the YouTube
meta alright so this is actually I want
to talk to you about but not really I'm
not trying to brag here but this is it's
relevant now so I am I've gone viral or
I'm in the algorithm at this point on my
YouTube I was I was a 43k subscriber
YouTube channel back in May and I'm
currently now at 96 hey sups like I'm I
am I have explosive growth happening
right now if I've over doubled my total
mouth subs on my YouTube at this point
so I'm approaching 100k subs quickly
here so I kind of want to get some
insight from you here bro what uh what
was your YouTube climb journey like and
cuz obviously clearly I'm I'm you know
my channel was created in 2005 way back
when and the idea of linear growth is
clearly a theory so I'm wondering here
how did how did you grow to where you
are now and yeah I kind of like my
growth actually I actually haven't had
any explosive growth it actually hasn't
happened like if you go back and you
look at my if you like to check my
social blade and you look at my youtube
channel it's actually been like pretty
steady the whole time I haven't had one
of those like sometimes people have
those like explosive months where they
like triple their stuff count or they or
they get like a hundred thousand if they
go for like a ten thousand sub and eat
or like a hundred thousands of annually
because I actually haven't had that much
yeah so my growth is just kind of like
studying consistent and I think that's
just because I've been just dumping a
lot of money into my into my channel are
not having money but like making sure
that like I have somebody running a
full-time and it's like uploading a
video like every single day and
everything no I definitely that no I you
can you you know people will compare
phrase a bit I'm I agree the guy dumped
money that that's actually the reason
why I this is the same reason why I also
because I I knew that my youtube was
crickets it was dead it was bad you know
I would get like maybe like 2k views on
any given video whatever um but also to
have an editor and so I you know I I
didn't have a lucrative trolly get
editor in so I had to like invest and
like just blatantly lose money for long
period time which I was okay because I
wanted to build the audience here you
know I knew had the potential I didn't
have the the time and precision to like
make the editing like what it needs to
be alone so yeah I had actually about
nine months before before Mario maker to
drop out which I knew would be like a
massive opportunity you know I prepared
for the opportunity of being relevant
around mark maker to in the in the
YouTube spectrum by you know doing call
out and trying to get some trying to
find the right editor to compat be
compatible with me and we would like you
know use this time to like experiment
and try to figure out with our form a
little what format would work and by the
time our make its you drop we've already
like knew what to do we had just execute
it and it all worked out here we are now
doing our thing but um but yeah do you
find that you have you've had to like
change anything about yourself to like I
guess like mold into like what the
algorithm prefers or have you not really
change anything at all like you dr. hole
I don't know anything about the way that
I kind of view it is it like there are
some things there are things that only I
can do and that's like why I make money
and why I'm successful like I'm the only
person that can be on my stream as
destiny and do the things that I do like
no one else can do that
obviously cuz it wouldn't be there my
channel right right now that I focus on
you're not replicable is the thing yeah
well yeah not for my stuff but like
anybody could theoretically put together
and edit YouTube videos so like I don't
put on it to put any time into stuff
that I don't need to be there for so
like I have so I pay somebody to do my
Instagram I pay somebody to do all of my
youtube [ __ ] I pay people to do all my
art [ __ ] and all that because I don't
need to do that and my time is better
better the better
it's better but is better spent just
either streaming or reading stuff
related to streaming so whether it's
going through new [ __ ] or whatever or
interact with social media like Twitter
or like reading my suffered like that's
like usually where my time is probably
spent I think no I guess agree that
allocate all the all the dis I don't say
disposable like all the replicable
services to someone else and you focus
on just like doing what is what is but
has to be done by you definitely cousin
also yeah you build a better work-life
balance which will lead to you being in
a better mood which will lead to you
than getting less burned-out um
theoretically but I still manage to fill
all my time with work so why why are you
um why are you doing anything with your
YouTube editing shouldn't you just have
like a guy that does that [ __ ] or so he
does he does all these all the actual
editing you know in Premiere Pro and all
that what I do is I I skim the buds and
times to have everything I wanted to do
which I which could be allocated someone
else I guess but I I want to make sure
that my growth is like really good on
that front that it's like it's all I
guess organic like it's I wanted to be
the things that I wanted to be like I
don't wait do wait go what you said you
go through and you timestamp you're vods
yeah oh [ __ ] wait how much do you pay
your YouTube guy you don't have to say
you don't want to [ __ ] dude I don't know
if I don't know I don't know if I should
here now we split we split the revenue
6040 that's a good for you do you keep
the 60 yeah damn slave driver well I let
us say you got your 40 acres there's
that like the racist I don't actually
know oh my god
[Laughter]
that's actually fine I do I do a 50/50
slope with mine honestly I was gonna say
your your split should actually be
higher if you're gonna go through a
timestamp everything yeah it's like most
of the hard work with the [ __ ] I don't
know I wouldn't do that [ __ ] I think
it's too much time know so the thing
about it is okay let me go back here the
reason why I'm well first off he has
volunteered to do the bathroom
critiquing right now I really want to
actually means I'm a really really big
home actually really happy about what
we're currently doing right now but some
of the videos of Mike I don't think that
was really YouTube video worth the
honestly so I want to give him order
I'm like what's a pic and why and to
find more like and do more jump cuts I
gave a collaborative context thought of
being like a bloated out filler thing
that's boring to watch but I wanted to
be a better like viewer retention tool
and bring more of the YouTube crowd over
to my twitch and empower that rather
than just be like uh I guess it got
better I got a longer youtube video
whatever so um so this is going to be
like some big okay firstly do what you
want but this is kind of like business
advice stuff that I've learned there's
like I think that when you're working on
these projects so so remember what I
said early about how like destiny me I
can only do I'm the only person that can
do certain things you can't hire
somebody to turn on a stream and play
Mario maker to for four to five thousand
viewers no one else can do that you're
the only one I could do that right for
trihex for you for your brand and your
business right right um right so your
time should be spent doing that or stuff
necessary to that just just as I decided
it would keep that in the back of your
head so I think that finding successful
people to work with are people that are
able to self manage and self organize
it's really [ __ ] hard but like here's
the difference between like my so I had
an older youtube editor whereas my
current YouTube editor on my older
editor he might message me sometimes and
say like hey do you think I should put
in this content or this content or he
might message mean you might say hey do
you know anything about like this video
encoder thing like it would be this be
better or this be better right so that
was his approach my current guy would
message me and instead he would say hey
I tested this and this and this performs
better so this is what I'm doing and
then hey I read this about these video
encoder things I've been doing it I
haven't seen any complaints so I'm gonna
go with that right now it seems like
kind of like trivial but there is a
world of difference between these two
types of people if you've hired somebody
to do work and you've out sourced it and
they're still coming to you from
direction you either need to tell a
person like hey listen you have to
figure this out on your own I'm not I
don't want to do anything with this you
need to figure on your own or I mean
this is me and I wanna says but you find
somebody that can do it alright and I'm
hoping like with a little bit of push
you can get the other person like
interested especially weak I mean it
would come to revenue because they
should be incentivized to like grow the
channel
but it's really important to find people
as a bit this is advice as a business
owner right it was right your goal in
ability nine people that can do the work
on their own because you cannot
micromanage that that is not a scalable
solution you can't do it and as a
business owner you are your dream or not
your dream but like the way that a
business owner envisions themselves is
I'm gonna be really good at every single
part of my business I'm gonna know
everything that these guys are doing I'm
gonna be able to do all of this with
these guys I'm gonna tell everybody
everything but that's not how it works
it's not how a business owner works what
a business owner is supposed to be
really good at doing is finding people
to do [ __ ] that you don't want to do
that's the most important skill you'll
ever have as a business owner if you
want to keep if you want to be scalable
because at some point like what you just
said you absolutely you can't do it you
know the time here and right now every
hour that you spend on YouTube [ __ ] and
I'm guessing I could be wrong but
basically you told me you might even
spend more than an hour and I doing this
and all the time you spend you could be
sitting in front of 5,000 viewers
playing Mario maker - right how much
money do you make an hour like doing
that like it's it's not even close to
one it's horrible
don't do that right and I'm very aware
it's not scalable it was more just to
make sure that this growth period was as
organic as possible I guess because I
didn't want it I didn't want to have
like the the fear of like him I've had
some buddies before here somebody in the
past that we that we made that like had
some dislike so I was like oh yes
because you know it was kind of that was
kind of a cash itti thing or else a
shitty video or whatever and I'm like a
half but we need to do better than
actually so I'm trying to just make sure
that right now things are going well in
that front because it's awesome money
it's also the new toy I've never had the
YouTube like be good like I've tried all
my own I don't have the time for it I've
tried with like a prior editor in 2015 I
didn't like how he did things as it was
like he was in France was a little
comical language barrier he'd speak like
super super fluent English and the
things he would do I was like laughs it
was kind of like kind of Delmont
actually like he would like over edit
things like he was like it was like
really really weird is something I
wouldn't have done it all honestly yeah
for sure but like even even on stuff
like that even on stuff like that like
in one world you kind of like keep an
eye on your YouTube stuff and you see
like kind of what works
and then you talk to him and you
communicate constantly you could do that
but in another world
so you you have something you could have
something called KPIs right key
performance indicators like what are you
looking for to make sure how you
evaluate it something to make sure
that's actually working like what would
be even better is after one week or two
weeks maybe you have like a 30 minute
country like hey what's up let's chat so
I notice that my sub numbers are growing
or they're not growing as much as they
want why do you think that's happening
what are you gonna do to fix it right
and if they tell you like hey this have
to go blah blah these are the stuff sort
of take you to writing finally even that
is like that's like a real quick like 30
minute to 60 minute meeting that you
could do like once a week or once every
two weeks or maybe even once a month
things are going fine and then it's just
so much less time off of you like this
I'm only saying this and I'm not trying
to harp too much for like my biggest
problem when I started to get into
streaming was it's actually I think it's
a really common problem that all small
business owners have is you want to
micromanage everything and you find out
is that the more that you delegate away
that you give to other people the the
breathing room that you get the free
time you open up the lack of like
stressing and trying to deal with every
little thing it's so much better to find
people that can do it or to push people
into figuring out on their own this dam
is just not what you can't do it it's
not anything you're in you're absolutely
right because right now you're
completely right as I said early Here I
am what I'm doing right now is not
long-term sustainable I am dude I'm
getting like six hours of sleep most
nights I'm glad she it's it's getting
kind of weird not to the melatonin and
I'm still waking up like for six hours
I'm finding it I'm finding the inability
to sleep and actually be kind of like a
summer wiggle call here laughs like I'm
not getting not getting like
regenerative deep good sleep anymore I
just like I don't my diets too [ __ ]
for my postures too bad with them in
this chair all [ __ ] day or whatever
it may be or just like yeah I'm just
like I'm working too hard or anything to
take something back to the gym or some
[ __ ] I don't [ __ ] know like there's a
there are some signs biological here
right now telling me like yo you need to
get your fat [ __ ] ass moving again
because I have like I don't know mood
issues or whatever have you do have you
heard of my like startups podcast that I
do with Dan or whatever yeah so you did
episode with that with rain and people
yeah yeah so I might have just gotten
louder sorry I'd turn my Microsoft do
you know who Lewis or is it Louie
rossmann do you know
Dianne's yeah rossmann does the the
apple repair stuff in his in a store in
New York right yes yeah he's do first
off one I'm mega jelly you should
definitely choose me at some point I'm a
huge mean of them actually but yeah okay
if you ever get bored but I haven't
watch the episode though no I need to
okay if you're ever bored or if you ever
are [ __ ] high you want a waste
you know like 20 minutes or some [ __ ]
[ __ ] hold on apparently now it's too
loud people worst thing I was quieter
before I can't tell like right now right
now you're in good range to me again if
you're bored you should watch his
podcasts or not his podcast my starters
podcast with him he is the I love him to
death he is the ultimate example of a
really talented engineer who is a really
[ __ ] horrible business person um he
like he obviously knows his [ __ ] but
like the numbers [ __ ] Dan might remember
but the numbers of this guy had were
unbelievable I think he's up to like
what is he saying like 14 employees and
I think he was like modeling to make
like a hundred to 150k a year like he
couldn't scale any part of his business
he's having trouble like renting places
out for like his shop and like the whole
reason was because he was like he was
falling into like every single pitfall
of a small business owner like he wanted
to be on the floor he wanted to
micromanage like a lot of his employees
he wanted to be involved in a lot of the
repairs he was like dude you have a
YouTube channel 2 million people you
could literally drop your whole business
don't make more money on YouTube what
are you doing right now you don't need
to be pointing it yeah dude you should
have me on oh my god dude I I - I'm like
I wonder who did the whole store toward
everything I might do you you're you're
over 70 ok sells right now or whatever
right like you say 50 at this point
right like dude why you [ __ ] the
business dude but you were you are mr.
anti Apple people go to you because you
have the best takes on all the corporate
[ __ ] bias [ __ ] [ __ ] that Apple
pools
time and time again dude what are you
doing [ __ ] this they don't do the
store didn't [ __ ] the store do you get
the big folks on the YouTube right now I
don't know that was like yeah that's it
my serviceable take from even even from
me it's just that and I only know him
from from his YouTube stuff I honestly
even just from that surface level
oxidation there I'm just like dude yeah
you need to like bro and he's like he's
a super friendly dude I love him he's
really cool
he's passionate about what he does but
like with a little push like that do
should be a millionaire like she's very
mature
he runs a store he's got money people
like Ozzy at the same time though I
guess I shouldn't say that the YouTube
would be like his most promising
opportunity but I guess like where is
this passion line right does he does he
want to do the YouTube does he or does
he does he really enjoyed doing the
repair business more that's a fair point
I don't know that it's not a fair point
so okay I'm sorry I'm so I get you guys
a lot of people will try to say that
like well actually my passion is with
repairs like well actually this is what
I enjoy doing if that was true then be a
better business person find the people
to do this so that you can make a
million dollars and then go and do that
full-time if that's really your passion
it's just like tinkering around and what
are those things be a good business
person make a [ __ ] you know make a
fat six-figure your profit bring home
400 500 K a year so that your business
is [ __ ] flies your [ __ ] franchise
and repair shops and then go home and
spend all day in your personal repair
shop working on exactly the person want
to do for your YouTube channel there is
no people make excuses to be bad
business people sometimes you don't need
to do that you don't need to struggle
with your business to do what you want
have be a successful businessperson and
then with all the extra time you've got
after now you can go and do whatever
your passion is yeah a lot of people
will use that excuse watch I really like
what and I use I made the same excuses I
did the exact same thing well I was
selling well hold on if I'm gonna post
YouTube video I want a 100% edit
everything I want it to be my quality I
wanna make sure I'm gonna do and I read
it and I did that for like two videos
and then like I was like well [ __ ] like
I can't do it well here's what I'm gonna
do if I can't do it at my level quality
I don't want it done at all because I'm
a honorable integrable [ __ ] business
person but it's a bad mentality here
reality trap you can do yeah you can do
like one thing at 100% or you can do
like 20 things at like 85 percent right
and then one thing is true yeah yeah
it's like charging lithium-ion battery
yeah the to get to the mast
yeah like cuz some you know obviously
mean you both were incredibly savvy in
streaming I can get a stream popping no
problem here but if after like edit a
video I'm googling on how to do XY and Z
and Premiere Pro or whatever a [ __ ] ton
and you know video one might take me
five hours to make video to might take
four hours and I'll take me
no weeks of that in order to get
software I'm actually like hitting bread
and butter and I can I can get a video
out you know in a reasonable timeframe
but all that time sunk into it and that
skill you know how much money that
generate compared to how much money
opportunity that generate compared of
lead to just like outsourcing that and
or just do more often right
you know just dream more make more money
than like delegate that to somebody else
who can probably do it better and faster
anyway
yeah and I I complete hearing the whole
thing here I I agree if that I love them
though I love them I really hope them
did you did you end up ever tuning is
that his opinion on the whole thing or
did he do you feel like it never really
uh I don't feel like it's I could I
don't know I don't feel like it's my
place to like tell someone else how to
run their ship so I don't really not
like a stranger like that so I felt
uncomfortable say anything so we pretty
much is kinda we kind of like poke them
a little bit on some issues I think Dan
was more comfort when I was but like
just the state of like his business was
like really sad to me because I would
have assumed that guys like a
millionaire because like I mean his
internet presence is huge
ya know do you but you do he is mister
like you can't under some that like he
is uh-huh he is the guy I would go to
point-blank like I can't imagine anyone
else I'd want to see on like Linus tech
tips and to like to you know to uh to
talk about anything relevant to Monty
electronics more so than than Rossman
honestly so like uh yeah not only that I
think I think he also called out he
called out a Linus on on on something at
some point cuz he was he was just that
good in that savvy and still that
grounded on like fun like the the
legitimacy of repairs rather than the
facetious idea or I guess like the the
perceived prestigious idea of what's
like what's gonna get more clickbait
view more click babe using some things
but yeah I hear you though everyone
chats a Louis rossman check him out on
on YouTube he's like I don't know what
what what's what's one video I thought
you recommended like to get into the
Rossman culture I guess no to know about
him as core I actually I don't know I
just know about him because I've like
seen his supposed to read and I've
watched a couple videos yeah there's a
really good video he did about like how
um how like Apple Apple consumers are
kind of conditioned to like kind of
pivot blame away from Apple whenever
things don't work for example the the
iPhone
for us having the the antenna issue
where the people you know if you if you
held the phone you know like like a
normal phone you uh your your your your
grip was blocking the entire antenna and
therefore you're holding it wrong so
Apple like you know told you hey you're
holding it wrong make sure you get a
case on your phone and then you're
holding it correctly then it won't block
the signal antenna or whatever and an
Apple consumers actually said okay oh
I'm holding it wrong I'm using it wrong
it's not that the product is fault early
design or anything no I'm using it
incorrectly and he called out that [ __ ]
and a really fantastic a little rainy
did I think that video I figured what's
called actually but that video is a very
great start to understanding Rossmann
and is it in his content sure maybe I
don't know I'm not aware about it people
are saying that Rosman called out lenez
text tips about putting GPUs in the oven
to fix them was that actually not true
so supposedly there was a meme that you
can put a graphics card in an oven and
then bake it for a while and you could
fix it so the idea it sounds ridiculous
but the idea is supposed to be that if
you crack like a board that they're
they'll be like they'll be like a crack
in it that if you put it in the oven if
it's if it's this is the reason why it's
not working that it causes the the epoxy
[ __ ] or whatever to actually like kind
of melt a little bit and reseal and
it'll actually fix the the problem but
but I don't know if that's true or not
I've heard that Pat the reflex I don't
know how you said it's not I don't think
it's the solder you're losing solder but
I don't think it's the solder but um
I've never heard of this actually know
if it works cool [ __ ] it is true it is
the solder what is it oh okay maybe
maybe it was okay
it's the only thing it's called
reflowing gotcha reflow is the solder
okay okay what do we got next
alright so next here we got okay so we
there are two directions we can go now
okay
there is the the twitchdrama that
happened this week or we can go into
like some some some shallow takes on
entertainment news this week your pick
you won't have you won't like hit stuff
with the light let's start with the
light the light okay so the two big
things I have in this week that I can
think of here or that one
I saw Lion King even though I knew I
wouldn't I would hate it and I saw it
and it sucked that oh oh
seeing that tonight oh you are yeah I
was really bad dude have you seen the
trailer uh yeah yeah I I was okay so
when I saw the trailer I was like I'm
not a fan of this like photorealistic
take on the whole thing here because I
feel like you're gonna you're gonna lose
a lot of the art direction and charm of
the original by like depicting a
realistic looking prog rock anthem' a
perfect ship ran through oh yeah yeah
and and so that was my initial take
there I'm like I'm not really a fan not
only that just like remaking Lion King
I'm not sure there's like what you can
really do with that honestly like it's
it's so popular and iconic now it feels
like you're read it would feel like
you're remaking Titanic like I you don't
really you know I thought there's not
much there there's every change and then
you would pivot from the try to
modernize or make things different it's
gonna either feel like a detest it just
make it feel different for the sake of
being different cuz it's a pretty
optimized product for what it is at this
point in culture so yeah I wasn't I
don't I don't see the widest things to
exist other than like it'd be like a
cash cow grab I guess um which is
honestly a pretty big reason here so I
yeah so when I went to go see it yeah
unfortunately all my concerns were
completely valid everything about it was
I didn't like it at all at all honestly
yeah wait look like destiny what does
the word anthropomorphic have to do with
the new Lion King so I think with older
with older cartoons you can so my
understanding is to anthropomorphize
something is to take an animal make it
seem like human like would like the
older cartoons you can give them like
bigger facial expressions and wide eyes
and kind of like human-like features but
I
know if you can do that as much with
like CGI'd animals that's why I said
like older animation can be like more
anthropomorphize than like lifelike CGI
okay Saigon well do you only I feel bad
I don't want you I don't like you know
saturate you with all my thoughts of the
movie than you live with us with some
kind of preconceived notion unless you
unless you want me to go full spoil
spoilers to nyan you hear and just like
hit you with my my whole takes on
everything um no I mean I don't care I
saw the original so hit us up so so get
this right the movie I don't like the
movie I actually hate the movie but the
reasons why I hate the movie or because
I mean dude it's a 75% shot-for-shot
remake it under under a photorealistic
breathtakingly great-looking
photoelastic cgi there's very very
little different going on here and the
changes that are done I feel are a lot
of those parts are questionable or bad
particularly John Oliver depicting the
saw zoom the little bird super gives me
do it literally gives me a wreck out of
this function like a lot of the voices
I'm like I cool I can I can I can kind
of get you know Beyonce being a line I
can kind of get you know adult Simba
being Gambino but John Oliver I just
hear John Oliver I don't I don't I hear
John Oliver doing a bad impression or
attempted non impression of Zazou it
completely kills me no bike isn't seth
rogen supposed to be like or whatever
yes yeah actually are comparatively
actually seth rogen and the guy and the
person who does Timon actually do a
great job I don't know if they'd give
like Seth Rogen some kind of voice
filter but it does sound like a stuff
Rogen under pump on Pumbaa I don't know
how they pulled it off with like believe
it or not here all the parts involving
Timon and Pumbaa are actually great they
they modernize their bickering they do
and it feels it feels organic it feels
that they're actually like less just
being like I don't know where you're
like humor humor fuel carrot what's the
call here the little humor humor
characters to make it feels less like
like they had like
deliver a certain percentage of humor
and in the film to like kind of make
make the tones a little more spread out
here more like it's an organic
friendship between them two and then
them the friending symbol later on
halfway into the movie comedic relief
their ego start they can't think of chat
yeah it feels less like like a assigned
comic committee
relief characters and more like they're
actually like a little more fleshed out
so their parts work really well here
there is one song that kind of changes
that thing is really really good that
I'll let you actually will it fought
with an exponent so I want to hear what
you uh I want to hear what you feel
about the songs a little bit there
because there are a lot of them that are
like not quite there especially um I
can't wait to be king which have like a
great fantastic number with like Simba
you know on a symbol with like no
dancing rhinos knew his whole completely
exaggerated orchestrated number or
whatever and in by comparison like
everything in this movie is like really
grounded in realism and that song is
kind of sung while nothing extraordinary
is really happening it's was like a less
memorable thing than the than the
original was so I mean there's do
there's that there's but probably the
biggest part is gonna really turn you
off at just the fact that like because
they're going for a photorealistic
direction the animals can't really emote
um like you know you're gonna see you're
gonna see it really be a problem
and during the Mufasa Mufasa dying scene
it simply still got a Simba and not when
Island yet nyla are they [ __ ] stole
or did that they had no face they still
[ __ ] it's a it's it's all in the family
Kate Conan it's all on the family baby
talk about a none wrong debt ain't gonna
pass on prior writer some old some old
dirty old but see some gamer words real
quick here if you are this is a did you
see the movie yesterday or have you
heard of that movie yesterday no is that
a new film oh it's the guy who like he
kind of like wakes up he gets like
there's like a big name and he wakes up
and basically nobody knows who the
Beatles are but he's like a guitar
player trying to make it and yeah and so
like now he's obviously sitting on all
this like really great material and so
he tries to become famous off with like
the Beatles old material but yeah I
should know I have a
what of it it's cool movie oh yeah it
was okay I was just gonna ask about it
there's just one little thing I was
gonna write about but sorry about that
now yeah new new Lion King sucked ass
but yeah you know see it and let me know
what you think about it now I'm on that
note though I will say here this is
actually very important when I went to
go see it um the film I guess is gonna
it made me like 190 million box office
is past weekend so I made a [ __ ] ton of
money so it clearly didn't work for
Disney at this point worst theatre
experience I've ever had
I could you not a lot of kids or what oh
god [ __ ] it you should go to midnight
premiere it's just of like dodge the
whole spoiler [ __ ] so I can like
watch the film in peace and talk about
Tomorrow People to talk about it as a
streamer right but because Lion King was
such a big film they had the the
midnight release like started at like
6:00 p.m. so there was like you know 6 7
8 9 9:45 10:00 p.m. showings and
everything else so I went to like a 6 so
that way I could like you know stream
come back and go on the go on the stuff
podcast or whatever I didn't think
anything of it
I went dude it's my first time going to
a non midnight screening and money in
years dude I went holy [ __ ] the wire
theater so [ __ ] terrible dude I
actually completely get why people don't
go them anymore like I'm paying 12 bucks
for [ __ ] a giant dice roll a variable
of variability with the audience soon so
[ __ ] annoying dude not even just kids
adults - they're [ __ ] they're probably
worse actually you know buddy cell
phones I'd like deal with it that thing
dude some chick in front of me was
recording on her phone on her phone in
the camera app recording the entire
beginning the film like the whole
opening song yeah yeah when the whole do
the whole thing I'm like [ __ ] can you
like turn your brightness down or like
make it like you're not at a [ __ ]
pageant dude it's not your firstborn
child dancing on the [ __ ] stage dude
what do you do I must be like so [ __ ]
lucky I've been to Miami in Nebraska in
LA I have I don't think I've ever had
like this horrible movie experience how
did you something it's ever happened
must just be like really [ __ ] lucky
or some [ __ ] but damn yeah no I I don't
know again to be fair at Louisiana and
midnight premieres I'm cool I know
everyone there is respectable it's all
good but whenever it's like big family
should I guess I'm just like
like I'm sure if I saw Toy Story 4 like
not at the midnight premiere it would
have been terrible but his Lion King I
went to like a 6 o'clock it was just a
[ __ ] show dude I had to deal with that I
deal with kids man and I get it whatever
its kids do but like dude it was like 3
different
babies crying in the [ __ ] and it was
like it was constant dude there was a
guy getting up every [ __ ] five
minutes that's like commas kid down and
I'm like these kids gotta be under two
years old it's just there's [ __ ]
crying non-stop dude like I don't know
dude like if you're kids under two do
what do you want oh my god dude [ __ ] I
want experience right now but [ __ ] man
it was it was annoying the hold the
whole experience was terrible new um
again chick one was recorded in
beginning the film I guess to like flex
on Facebook as you saw the movie because
I saw I saw Lion King well great [ __ ]
job so everyone else here there was
another person who had who was texting
and not even and first off okay [ __ ] you
for texting the theater but second of
all like try your [ __ ] brightness
down but it wasn't even the text a prose
it was Facebook Messenger I saw the
little [ __ ] bubbles moving in the
group tags I'm like not even urgent this
is FB messenger right now I do what you
do know and like I want to like not look
but I but it's so [ __ ] bright I can't
help but look dude it was like bruh like
now people gonna call me beta in Jax I
can call I think all personnel whatever
I'll have you do know that there was it
was one guy being that guy during the
screening of Doctor Strange that I did
tell him bro turn your phone off man
like I had a dude like the guy was like
not getting it so I had to I had to
[ __ ] do it at that point he had his
phone like he was holding dude he had of
like bro he had it like up like this
dude like he was like slouchy gonna seat
like in front of me was filling up like
that I was like dude are you serious
right now you don't even now even trying
to like hold your phone close to your
body like to minimize none of the
background some shoes and I was so like
he had it like that for like all the
trailers and like the movie started I'm
like bra that phone fam can you put it
away and then like he we put it away
anything he need to turn around alpha
alpha so like I don't know usually I am
oh we have one of those in Austin and
out have you ever been to an Alamo
Drafthouse no but I've heard I've heard
great things
wait did I say we had one of those in
Austin he said he's in Austin we have
another Omaha yeah you actually they
warned you I think that a message comes
on the screen or
it warns you that if if a person sees
you with like your phone out but they
can ask you to leave the theater
straight up dude straight yeah no I
completely do at this point now dude
like I call me Matt like sweet you tell
me when you have a theater and you're
out like in a LH it like you don't deal
the new stuff but you know I've never
had like this horrible movie experience
now I when I went to Jurassic world to
or some [ __ ]
they were like people that laugh at way
too many [ __ ] shitty jokes but like
that's like the worst experience I think
I've ever had really really um I guess
the difference there though is you know
you probably you probably go to like
some ritzy ass um theater though because
I hear that like certain like if you go
to like Yelp or like Google reviews like
certain theaters have like low ratings
because they have like not free parking
like the parking isn't free well you
gotta like like there's a adjacent
parking lot is a paid parking lot that's
like 8 bucks an hour socially that's
like the tickets are already gonna be
like yeah what you tell me it's what I'm
hearing your ticket so like starting at
14 and the parking is like gonna be 16
then the [ __ ] you might as well just
like starve and die because who's gonna
it was level for $300 [ __ ] soda and
popcorn some [ __ ] dumb ass [ __ ]
and this is a totally random in Sweden
in Stockholm you have to pay to use the
bathroom and a lot of the places they
charge you like $1 use the bathroom yeah
you have to like [ __ ] put like a card
in or like a 10 Crona or whatever to
like actually use use the public public
bathrooms they charge you for it [ __ ]
that [ __ ] this is America's what's the
point of that this is to make what's
there to make the bathroom stab like a
cleaning fee so it remains clean or like
Superman gets in like homeless Airport
people don't come in and use them or
some [ __ ] that's crazy
it's crazy I mean like
hmm I know what do we do what happened
America like if the if bomb started like
using I guess public restrooms or
whatever anyone in America cares it's
actually really weird I'm trying to
think but I don't I'm trying to think if
they do it in LA it's hard as I can
plated with Europe but like so much and
Europe usually a lot of places you have
to ask for key to go to the bathroom I
think that's true in LA isn't it and
Saudi help me I'm trying to think of
it's true or not but I'm not like when I
was in Berlin I know that it was true in
Warsaw and I saw that in Sweden as well
you have to ask you have to ask at the
front for like a key and then they'll
give you the key and then you go in or
sometimes they're like codes and you
gotta ask somebody at the register for a
code I think that's I know that's
happened at L action other please know
how they do that here yeah I could think
of a couple of like fast food stations
actually did that like there was a and a
certain part of San Francisco I went to
this one jack-in-the-box
because it was the only thing like I'm
sorry it was San Jose it was a
jack-in-the-box and like downtown San
Jose and it was like the only thing like
anywhere nearby that was open at 2:00
a.m. I was a degenerate I was hungry
[ __ ] went over there bro it was like
and I'm not now here to be an auntie
auntie bummer but it was like a [ __ ] ton
of bumps in there dude like all there
was like at least ten different bums all
in there with like I guess in the back
huh no no in in the in the in the
jack-in-the-box with like either like
you know who had bought like one thing
on the menu and then just like kind of
like chill there and milk the AC for
free AC and comfort I'm a Janu bathroom
there was probably uh I didn't go in the
bathroom obviously because I was like I
was kind of like we were a little bit
there but I could imagine rapping might
have been long at that point I don't
really know but it was like it was
pretty it was pretty crazy I was I was
pretty it was pretty surreal to see you
know to see a real tangible example of
the of the homelessness peral going on
in a in certain parts California you
know but okay so so with that aside here
yeah Lion King sucked to ask have fun
singing tonight have fun dealing with
kids ring it's being everywhere if the
other small thing here is that uh this
week San Diego comic-con happened and
Marvel had a run over their face four of
their Marvel Cinematic Universe it gets
kind of its kind of nerdy here if you
want to but I mean do you do you want to
hear about it or anything all right
yeah hit us up with it went up okay so
notably they announced here that their
phase four is gonna be a lot smaller
than the previous phase and there's no
Avengers films plan between now and 2020
to like they kind of detailed everything
happening between now and the end of
2021 and a lot of it's gonna be mostly
stuff for Disney Plus you got the you
have the continuation from from endgame
you're gonna have the the the Winter
Soldier in the new Captain America right
the guys are gonna hold the chillier
than those that so you have that's gonna
be a Disney plus series we have we have
Wanda Scarlet Witch and the vision is
gonna be a wand of vision series so
they're two romantic subplots they're
gonna might probably get [ __ ] on more
development and this one in their own
Disney Plus series Loki
Loki's alternative timeline from the
events happening in Avengers 1 going up
into I guess infinity war will be
depicted in a series starring him called
Loki it's gonna be very high that one
specifically was these it will be a very
high budget series so it'll probably
look really really good we'll see how
that goes though and we have next next
February we're getting a black widow
movie finally it's gonna be a black
yeah who cares that's gonna be a prequel
sorry she's already dead who cares so we
do all prequel suck ass black widow does
alright well well that's happening so
you're getting your first the female let
him see you film oh wait wait wait wait
what your first wait what about Captain
Marvel
oh I'm sorry right captain or was it
happen apologies here you know you're
right you're I didn't mean the enemy to
take a dump on Captain Marvel in that
particular stance that's the people
people were begging for a black widow
female lead MCU film long before Captain
Marvel was confirmed even be in the MCU
so they've been people have been begging
for a black widow film since like
Avengers 1 in 2012 so it's been a long
time coming you know he's not a
superhero you're right she said
fascination chick with really good
acrobatic can kill anybody how could she
be an assassin ATAR you're right she's a
really she is the designated love
interest of Bruce Banner and stuff drop
can I drop the hottest take are you
ready
ooh okay no III think I know where
you're going right now but go ahead and
with what you got no you don't know
where I'm gone all right
are you ready all right hit me if if I
saw Scarlett Johansson on tinder I would
legitimately swipe left I don't think
she's as hot as people make her out to
be I think that is like an insane
proposition that she is like this
insanely [ __ ] hot
I think that there are people in
Hollywood that are really [ __ ] hot I
don't think Scarlett Johansson is one of
them I do not think so absolutely not I
don't understand how people actually
think this it's actually insane
Dana do you find our voices particularly
like hurt her like we're kind of like
lagging your voice
huh it's that she sounds like somebody
that's trying way too hard always to
sound really sexy she her voice is the
equivalent of every Angelina Jolie movie
where Angelina Jolie is like default
face is this and it's like dude what are
you is this real this is actually your
face this is bow tie I can't tell like
what the [ __ ] why are you doing that
with your lips all the [ __ ] time
that's the Scarlett Johansson voice
always sounds like I don't know there
you go
have you ever seen the movie her h er
the one um
the one if I have been on the futuristic
AI that uh no no but I've heard about it
that's like you only use 10% of your
brain but she can use all 100% or some
[ __ ] yeah it's got a very similar like
overtones to the complications of the
character of a dr. Manhattan from
Watchmen where like you know the idea of
her being bounced machines ball here but
I really actually what you see it's
actually really been great film
but oh wait oh wait nevermind everyone
I'm thinking in the movie Lucy I'm sorry
I don't know what the [ __ ] her is at all
okay well I haven't seen a WOM times
sure explained correctly here um in the
future
AI so sophisticated that a guy a regular
everyday guy who's like who's single or
whatever like falls in love with an AI
and the AI is like so good at like
understanding what he wants at
leadership that he's that she's able to
simulate it at the same time eventually
she becomes like bored of it because she
couldn't and she is like you know
adaptive AI can just continue to do it
for other people as well here and so in
the end game if she can like you know
become the perfect partner through
artificial intelligence and learning and
all the other stuff here you know what
what balancer just beings with one
partner when she gonna be with you know
tens if not tens of thousands or
whatever so what I'm expending really
really badly here but the point the
whole thing is that it only stars
Scarlett's voice she's the voice of the
AI in the entirety of the entire picture
it's uh it's pretty it's pretty
interesting how it handles the whole
idea of relationships I would say but it
was more like if you had solid and we
could talk further about your whole your
voice beef there cuz that'd be the thing
that would really challenge you on this
like on the idea that her voice is like
yeah yeah I don't know raspy or whatever
so okay one more topic where you go
okay one more topic here man
funky do we talk about we talk about do
we do we talk about a linen e we talk
about her song we talk about how about
bands this weekend in Twitter her tea
soft
I like the Olinda tea stuff is boring as
[ __ ]
I don't think she threw the Kennebec
[ __ ] I don't think I was like
throwing the cat and the vibe good thing
it was weakest [ __ ] I don't think I want
any show god man for either of those
things the Hasan man was total [ __ ]
[ __ ] if K people like cables never
ban although his song got unbanned so I
guess that guy wrote back really quick
wait a minute yeah okay what do you
think no I okay so the extra dough I
find that one more chicken table I
actually hear it so the huh song cuz
everyone else everything goes has been
like repeated on on reddit you know
endlessly the Hassan band it has me
curious here of like what are the
product I'm not vote right now what are
the protocols of like being in cars as
well as driving two separate things to
right being in cars and driving with
streaming like what's the official thing
right now cuz apparently you got you got
no one [ __ ] knows right now oh my god
I did because I'm looking at it now am i
okay I'm gonna that's not a new rule now
is I'm gonna assume a new rule is like
unless I'm in the back seat of a vehicle
don't stream like just if you're on the
back seat don't even do it like it that
seems to be like the best thing yeah cuz
like anything else is like too risky
because good lord dude and I was like
because your your what happened right uh
how the whole thing played out here what
I understand yeah huh yeah for a song
the how a what he was doing and what and
what the incident was perceived as let's
him getting suspended temporarily huh
huh yeah that he uh he was like was he
driving
he was like but he took his phone off of
the hands-free um mount or whatever to
highest address so he wouldn't docks
himself and that was considered like a
violation of the COS bully we stopped at
a red light supposedly so yeah I don't
even know people keep saying he was
pulled over I don't think he was pulled
over I think he stopped at a red light
or I don't know people I've heard
different things I haven't actually seen
the clip so I'm not sure but yeah I
haven't either honestly it's because ooh
again his channel was down whenever I
found about it so I don't have any like
stuff or whatever okay so um [ __ ] okay
um well the only other topic of it's
like really really kind of cool I guess
cool it's when I put on here was like an
update about my grandmother and some
beef half up my dad's like personal ship
I'm the feeling here about her or not so
it's like yeah it was it so the last
thing I tell you about my grandmother
was that she um you know that she had a
stroke at some point late last year and
then I I helped her out I moved in our
old house to move towards the city near
me to try to be a better grandson so I
can get her and uh in the city network
of health care because obviously the
hospitals that are gonna be in the more
populated areas that have better doctors
I would say um you know this is like
cement my father my grandfather passed
because he was at a country hospital
that was negligent to take care of his
um his stomach ulcer that he had that
they didn't know he had until it was
already too late he already died from it
so so from that mama okay well Dharma
lesson there let's get her to bits get
her to the better a better health care
all together right so um so March this
year I I moved her out of her old house
with her towards got our Nashville
apartment and a senior folks apartment
complex in the city
um but at the same time there she also
had a negative reaction to lisinopril
her medication for her blood pressure if
I recall correctly and hurt her tongue
swelled up and it almost blocked
windpipe this was continuing this well
overnight thankfully I caught it in time
go to the hospital got to the ICU ward
they want they immediately went on went
into like you know incubate her that way
she would have a breeding machine at her
in that way and also whatever on to what
they may become one thing an incubator
they uh her toes but just broken its
intimate intimate but yeah I know sorry
okay okay never okay so Brooke wicker on
that one whatever chat roast me about
like pronouncing things wrong usually
I'm gonna spell the word like I've heard
the word audibly but I'm not to spell it
so if I'm not a spell it I'm using him
Brian like you know fumble on
pronouncing it yeah yeah incubate means
like when you like I think it's when you
put something in like a hatching area so
yeah under under yeah intubate is like
inserting a tube generally into the
throat to forcefully like pump air so
I'm sure right is like integrating yeah
yeah you got it yeah the tongue was like
it was like actually like triple like I
don't know some even get this big
actually her tongue was like triple the
size it was a really severe reaction to
this medication which apparently is not
that uncommon because I heard from a
nurse offhand that it was actually that
tenth one that month from specifically
the medication lisinopril so it's like
oh no uncommon side effect but you know
happens pretty frequently this one
hospital apparently but yeah her tongue
swelled and you know was going to block
her entire windpipe and Kosta fication
and pass but thankfully they were able
to get the pizzas hoop down and tie it
inside of her in time they're like you
know let her like recover and all that
so that all happened she recovered about
three weeks later and she had like you
know continued to go on to a skilled
nursing facility in order to in order to
recover and the news now is that she
that she's done she's uh she's done her
100 days at a skilled nursing facility
she's able to uh she's actually
reacquired strength and her thighs you
know before when she would get in a have
a recliner or in and out of a wheelchair
she would kind of like you know she
would get up and then like kind of like
just crash in the chair she couldn't
like she couldn't gracefully come down
but now after doing 100 days of rehab
she has reacquired her strengthen her
and her inner thigh area and can land a
little more gracefully she can get up um
she now unfortunately though she has
lost a lot of strength elsewhere though
she quite can't quite walk like she
could before though so she has she can
get out of a chair better than before
but she can't quite walk for a long
period of time
more so she is 78 going on 79 this year
um she is declining in health slowly she
does eat less now
she actually has she has a stomach she
has a stomach feed in her now because
like she's not able to like eat as much
anymore because again her due to the the
tube being inside therefore the healing
process her throat muscles are not as
strong as they were before so like I
think I was about already in the
previous episode here but like you know
they they would give her like thicker
liquids that would move slower in her
throat that way she'd have more time to
react to make that make the make the
liquids going down the right the right
hole you know the non respiratory system
hole and she had trouble even doing that
with like the very thicker liquids so so
so until she got better stood they had
to give her a pecking tube to feed her
nutrition and hydration and all that so
she still uses that occasionally which
doesn't like feeling eating a lot or
when she can't eat a lot I guess or
whatever but um but yeah she did 100
days of rehab and um and yeah she's
doing better now so the great news is
that uh get this right I actually found
a rental house opened up like two blocks
from me and I got a fir I I nabbed it as
a tenant and so she'll be moving in to
that uh in August so she'll be right
down the road from me which is crazy I
guess the only is the only house that's
even like for rent and this name they
put up currently in right now which is
crazy crazy awesome so I can literally
walk my dog and go over and visit her
and like you know keep her in her keep
it in her inner city of network of care
and her same doctor and all the other
[ __ ] and it's just like it's going good
man it's a it's a very feels good thing
right now we're you know I was very
rocky March in April with her health and
all that but uh we've come back now and
things are going good it's going good
yes that's awesome but there was a
little bit of some a little bit of a
dark side here though my dad is a my
dad's a very very very weird person dude
he actually um he um he wanted her to uh
she's been saying she wants to move back
to her old house you know the one back
in the country and I'm like if the house
it's a big house you know it's a 2700
square foot house like who like who's
gonna who's gonna be there like I can't
like I can't go visitor
Dave she's like way over there now I
can't like you know the the amount of
like skilled nursing skilled nurses in
that area are like way lower just like
he like he like took her at her literal
word and I'm like oh she would do better
if she stayed around in my area honestly
in the city but he like when I was
explaining some things to him like Gil I
already got everything lined up right
now you know he kind of you know
whenever I put him in a corner Mike will
look dude if you if you take her back
there one you don't you don't live in
Louisiana you just come visit here every
now and again so like you know I'm the
one stuck deal with that decision - I'm
like you know the better care is gonna
be in the city not on the country
there's gonna you know if I get her
private care nurses there's gonna be
just less of them available out in the
rural areas when it's like you know 40
minutes from from where I currently stay
you know and I just I give him all these
logic-based reasons I saw from his like
one emotional plea of like what she
wants I'm like yeah well she's also you
know dementia old and senile and forgot
that she already agreed with me that was
a good idea way back when but you're
drilling in her head to go back to this
to the old house for why I'm gonna what
you're at Jenna here's the whole thing
so whenever I pushed him on that he just
cursed me up it caught me off guard
actually he like he actually cursed me
how he was like well you know we [ __ ]
what did you do it I'm like dude why I
mean dude I'm I'm explain to you what I
got going on right now I explained like
with logic and reason why we should do
these things here and then when you cook
gave me a counterpoint I put you in the
corner start throwing ad homes at me do
it but what's your deal right now he's
like what is this is this I forget is
your grandma your mom's mom or your
dad's mom my grandmother is my
grandmother in question here's my dad's
mom okay
yeah this is this is this is her her mom
but again he doesn't but he stays out
and uh anyway wait your dad's mom and
then you said her mom wait enjoys mommy
I'm sorry it's my it's my dad's mom okay
yeah yeah the other grandmother and my
mom's side is irrelevant to the
situation here but yeah he started
throwing add-ons at me actually cursed
me and I was like well you know I kept
my cool those I knew that he was cursing
me and his his reason was up you know
because it gets your attention and I'm
like well yeah I guess my attention
negatively like I don't know why you're
belittling and evolving this
conversation to some kind of like
cursing match can I curse you back he's
like well come on what you got what you
got I'm like not wanted he wants to he
wants to engage
some kind of like emotional shouting
match but I didn't give it to him I
didn't give you guys like look whenever
you're done shouting you want to
continue to talk about that what what is
best for Grammy feel free let me know
okay cuz it's not moving up right now
and then he calm down and they're not
only that because I didn't engage in
that part he calmed down later on and
the next morning actually apologized to
me he was like yeah I'm start with I got
emotional in my game I don't know [ __ ]
dude
until that's kind of like you know I
gave him a fist and so it irritated
about
I don't even know he was dude it was
doing what it was [ __ ] here man I I
don't know I get the whole thing here
right now it's kind of constant personal
[ __ ] but like my that's got some weird
thing about my mom dude the they
divorced in 2000 and he was still like
he was tell me on how much of a [ __ ]
she was and how she's ruined everything
and how like Mikey you'll never
understand the things that like your mom
did to me and I'm just like dude you're
up dude you got remarried in 2004 do you
already divorced turn nineteen years ago
to let it go man what are you what are
you mad about oh you don't understand
you understand okay what do I understand
what's the big deal um you understand
whatever you find out that should come
back I'll understand when I find out you
can't even give me one one tangible
point here right now about what your
what your your [ __ ] pains are on the
bunch of out right now really dude the
phone call the phone call lasted
thirteen and a half minutes and i'ma
tell you I was like I about had it I
might do discuss actual manchild holy
[ __ ] dude so that's what you know man
you can't pick your family but good
[ __ ] Lord I can that was a very
annoying phone call so 100% like how can
you be remarry and still be like this
caught up over over the past holy
[ __ ] [ __ ] dude please give me some
insight here I don't know I don't even
know the same at this point yeah I mean
the reality it's very strange we never
think of this as like children but the
reality is that like parents and adults
kind of like really [ __ ] up
relationships and it's hard for us to
understand it but they absolutely can
yeah it's really [ __ ] but yeah but you
have a problem there cuz I didn't engage
I immediately caught that he wanted to
make it he wanted to devolve into a
cursing and shouting match but I didn't
give it to him and so the next day
whenever he had post nut clarity you
mean he was like oh [ __ ] wait a minute
I'm cursing out my son who's been
helping helps me helping who's been
helping my mother and everything else
here you know
I'm here you know using you know my
twitchbucks to make sure that she's good
because you know health care ain't cheap
and I mean getting all the [ __ ] for it
definitely isn't free so ain't he got a
[ __ ] money so I'm sitting here you
know clapping doing my thing for the
greater good of my family and people I
love and you said in your custom me out
right now dude was crazy but you know
again I'm kind of I'm kind of airing
dirty laundry right now but like that's
the the good news is though the whole
though the point end on here is fact
that my grandmother is doing great and
should be down the pot for me now
see every morning every night and that's
awesome it's all good man it's awesome
it's actually it's actually a crazy
best-case it's literally the brain
situation where it's actually best case
scenario because I was looking at other
I was looking at other rental houses and
properties they were like it within a
five-minute 10-minute Drive from me and
then the one that one house down the
block opened up and I was like oh [ __ ]
dude opened up like the same week I was
looking if I have to find something for
her by early August because she's gonna
be discharged from the nursing facility
[ __ ] yeah dude it's awesome so you know
why people happy and Chad's ooh that's
some good [ __ ] right there
yeah nice good [ __ ] oh yeah that's um
that's all the top is had for this week
actually did you hear did you ever have
any relationship with any controller did
you know anything about him at all there
no I actually didn't I I heard about the
passing and that was my first time
hearing about I didn't because he was
primarily a he is a primarily a
Starcraft 2 commentator right it's that
would uh most before yeah was yeah a
Starcraft 2 and then he does I like you
did like Warhammer stuff yeah yeah I I
do want to stay here though I do love
this uh I forget one second here I do
love this uh Haven [ __ ] over
something here uh-huh I love this tweet
that he said if you don't mind if I can
read it real quick here I have it uh
yeah did a really good a really good
thing here
oh yeah he also it was like a big like
arguably was part of the first like big
like streams for DMD on Twitch arguably
was involved in getting a lot of that
Africa yeah I love this right here where
he said um not always the case but in my
33 years find the stuff that brings you
joy and pursue it guard it and earn it
it's fleeting and finite but worth the
endeavor of a true things that bring
pain and anger are pursuing you or at
least always nearby avoid them uh-huh
was a really good reaction of that tweet
so and that was yeah that was some uh
that was some real talk
actually July 17th that was a was was
was recent ones uh-huh but yeah what
guillotine tell me about a little about
me actually I haven't haven't used to
talk anyone who knew him firsthand
did you knew him first again yeah I mean
he's just like I mean it's basically
like all the clips or whatever you say
like he was like a super witty dude but
it was like really funny he did a lot of
stark up casting I think that's probably
was most known for was a starcraft
casting but he also had a lot of the TNT
shows and yeah I mean a lot of
relationships with people in the
Starcraft community of the Warhammer
community and then he was friends with
quite boos so yeah um anything we can
talk about as far as like is there any
like prevention awareness we can talk
about here cuz I'd honest in the past
and with boots if I got an illness right
mom I'm gonna be completely and totally
honest with you I'm drawing all of this
knowledge from when I used to watch
[ __ ] house but I'm thinking mmm ilysm
so just like those really [ __ ] [ __ ]
things that like when they happen like I
I think you just get [ __ ] like really
hard like I like if you get like a like
a pulmonary embolism or some [ __ ] or or
like some types of fatty embolisms like
those things can kill you like insanely
[ __ ] fast we're talking like you know
like 12 hours kind of fast they're like
I think like under like one hour I might
be at law but it's like real right if
you get like a pulmonary embolism I
think that [ __ ] can kill you like really
[ __ ] fast oh I'm gonna send in
somebody just have minutes five minutes
yeah I medical it might even be like but
yeah it's real real quick it's real and
lucky and he has
I think he had like DVT was something
that he had deep vein thrombosis which
has to do with like getting blood clots
forming and your what's it in the leg I
think had a big abscess in his leg I
don't know like mr. Hutchins medical
ship but basically he was probably more
prone to to them yeah somebody in Chad
said so I don't know if this is how
people normally die of these things or
if this is actually a stir that came of
just family someone said he died almost
instantly he just got lightheaded lied
down and then died but yeah I think um
yeah that those those embolisms like
[ __ ] kill you like super [ __ ] fast
and what causes those I something I have
no clue what a sounds like a some kind
of like deviation of a blood clot or
like so I believe an embolism is when a
blood clot breaks off and then it and
then it can block certain parts so like
a pulmonary embolism your pulmonary
system is like your lungs like a
pulmonary embolism I think is one that
blocks off blood flow to your lungs
which causes you to baek's basically
like suffocate I guess I think you've
got other types of embolus nose to right
mm-hmm do you mean a little workout
right now dude [ __ ] and dude I'm really
sorry to hear that that's a huh yeah
there's been I hate to say this maybe
it's cuz I'm seeing a lot of it now as
I'm looking at it but it's been a lot of
a lot of like notable deaths this this
week the the the boxing fighter who
passed from you heard about that guy
actually there was a there's the no
boxing that the African his name here is
a Russian boxer who who died recently I
know I made it to the 11th round of a
boxing match I don't know who was facing
I don't know the guy was either actually
buddy uh notably his his coach begged
him to like listen I know you want to
fight I know you have the fight in you
but you have to stop you're getting hit
way too much and they stopped and he had
like swelling within his skull or
something like that they put him under
some some kind of like medicated coma
and ultimately it still didn't stop it
in Tommy he still he passed anyway that
happened you know our boy Jeff I'm sorry
about that one as well
and um there was another one to him I'm
drawing a blank on here actually yeah I
just I don't know
you know I don't know death is always a
tough one for me to really like I don't
know talk about I guess yeah that's real
shut
oh yeah the Kyoto Animation thing
happened to those the other one as well
I'm sorry did your about that oh damn
some guy sent like a [ __ ] animation
studio building on fire like block the
exits and [ __ ] yeah he killed like 12
people or something right correct yeah
he poured gasoline was very calculated
and methodical he poured gasoline all
around including lot some people
blocking all the exits lit on fire
Oh 33 outside damn yeah a lot of people
died this is the worst what's the whole
thing here the worst attack arson yeah
in Japan since like 2000 I want to say
like it's a that's a very worldwide
thing it's really really sad but yeah
people were complaining about like the
fire codes and Japanese buildings but it
seemed like this guy like went out of
his way to like [ __ ] this building super
hard like I don't know if there was like
a like an up to code thing that could
have actually [ __ ] help but yeah holy
[ __ ] that it was like yeah really [ __ ]
34 people died 35 people were injured
one person I've got both legs amputated
I do like though at least in the
difference here of media's to covering
in here cuz I don't know who the person
is I haven't seen anything of them which
is good because I'd rather focus on you
know the people who are to be remembered
rather than giving free publicity to the
[ __ ] who do these kind of things so
I'm happy here that uh you know his face
isn't I have not seen at all which is
good and except it's not the case
usually whenever American media depicts
like a school shooter or whatever you
know call about the sensationalism at
times so I like the difference right
there but yeah the field to animation
think it's very very sad um I need to
read more in honestly cuz I don't have
much more to contribute right this time
hearings I don't know much about motive
like like uh-huh was it like why did he
do it like yeah yeah I'm hearing
plagiarism but I don't really know what
that means actually and respected who
this person was or I'm trying regards to
this person was but it sounds good like
an [ __ ] though you know
[Music]
but yeah I just I know deaths always
like a really um really unfortunate one
I hate talking about it actually
uh-huh but yeah I think um they covered
we covered that cover critical cover the
grandmother covered the YouTube meta um
both agree that Elena he's been like
cover two deaths when I Matthew talked
about any further here I saw on TOS
Marvel Lion King yeah um and so okay
let's bring it back to the personal
stuff in here so so your um so you're
gonna be back home this week is that
right like your um yeah thank god yes
mmm key tell us now it nod you in the
complete hindsight here what do you
think you missed the most about being a
being extra being back at home whatever
home feels like to do now I don't know
what it is but I feel like super lively
again inside of a city like being upset
of cities like I don't know like being
in a brisk I don't like this I don't
like like this suburban life like I feel
like being in the middle of like a whole
bunch of people like in Glendale it just
feels right to me I don't know how to
explain it I don't know if I can ever go
back to living and like a suburb again
like it's just like I feel like there
are families here and people that I
don't care about and just nothing is
happening
that's just like my feeling for
something or like people love suburbs
and people [ __ ] hate cities like
Molina is the total opposite of me she
loves like forested areas that are like
she would love to live here like my
girlfriend would love to live in this
house like and she would did she loved
it when she was here but I feel like
being in the middle of like a concrete
city with people everywhere in cars and
24/7 and [ __ ] happening I don't know
like I just I love I feel so more
plugged into that and in my opinion no I
actually get that I feel like probably
the coolest things about uh about you
being in LA is Pat you can just like you
can just go to other you can go hang
other streamers or other internet savvy
folks or as you know if you out in
Nebraska or from here out Louisiana so I
really an option out to use like a uh
Matthews like a artificial portal to
connect people you know the internet
rather than like go have that that
phenomenal off-the-grid conversation you
know this is why I'm just gone for me
such a such a big boost like I even
though like twitchcon is very is very
competitive to consider going to because
I guess is very lucrative just to not go
to twitch con and just like you know
milk streaming that weekend if I wanted
to twits confer me such a big
mental boost because like I can I get to
be able to have those like those those
like really rejuvenative off the grid no
Twitter DM z-- no discord dinos no
screen caps like real off the grid
conversations and like you know not
infer in from one time not being
strimmer mode and just kind of like keep
it real like another person understands
as much as I do
another streamer actually you know so
that uh you know that homie ex homie
connection right there if it feels
really good when I go to TC I get to do
that whether it be at the dashboard
after parties or whoever the [ __ ] I'm
adding honestly have you um have you
ever watched it this is really random
I'm sorry I was brought up and you're
not really this Edwards have you ever
much it's always sunny in philadelphia
I've seen a couple episodes actually
yeah it's really good I watched I think
I was on you must win some international
flight where I watch like 15 episodes or
some [ __ ] and I'd never actually watched
like full episodes before it's actually
really funny I've always seen I've
always seen like clips and I was like oh
I should watch the show it's he's funny
but it's actually a really funny and
it's something that I appreciate I don't
know why but I have a huge appreciation
for this I think there's actually and
it's so rare for sitcoms it was there's
actually continuity in the show which is
like really weird but I appreciate it
like the callbacks to like earlier
episodes and I've [ __ ] like actually
like evolves and changes I guess the
show goes on but yeah I don't know I
really love I really like watching I
might sit down at some point I think the
episodes I might be wrong maybe just on
a plane but it seemed like the episodes
a really short but 20 minute episodes
are saying they're a I don't know I
think it's a 22 minutes ODEs you know
eight minutes for it for broadcast
breaks or whatever I could be wrong
though but family member would it what
did fill it what did Sonny even the baby
one was like at HBO show or was it like
a um I don't know what never go away
once a day - I don't think good at about
FX okay okay that wasn't anywhere near
edgy enough to be a edgy
but uh but you know I hear you though on
the whole like you know I could see that
being a big factor there too though with
the suburban life versus the population
density you know areas and whatnot uh
it's crazy like it's crazy what home
feels like whenever you're away like you
is whenever you're away from the house
we a looks like really figure out and
we're able to reflect upon what home
means to you you know I don't think you
can really do that whenever you're at
home right this is I haven't told you
that here so whatever I'm away from home
I can I can I can do two things really
really well and that's reflect on the
stream because I probably can't stream
like I want to whenever I'm not at my
house to stream on my in my office or
whatever and then to what home means to
me like what by do I get out of being
home and dude and do those things more
often I would say so yeah than that
thing that's a really cool thing there
so I can't wait to like run back this
conversation whenever I inevitably
finally like do the do the Destiny just
run around the world for a month
straight or whatever uh-huh yeah so it's
so you wouldn't tell me again here so
this this trip was just thought you did
it because you wanted to okay personally
I don't like traveling but milena misses
home and she speaks Swedish and all of
her friends in Sweden she doesn't live
in America everything so I was kind of
weird for her to be in LA with like none
of her friends anything so she wanted to
go to Sweden a friend of mine or a fan
of mine I guess fan turned friend of
mine invited me to a bachelor party in
France and so I figured like oh like I
got her friends who might as well go to
Sweden after it's a few hour flight up
so yeah we just did that so she's still
there now for about a month while we
figure out like all the DC [ __ ]
yeah and that was basically where I want
but I think I traveled for way too long
like doing like a three or four weeks of
traveling it's way too much for me like
I think I like to kind of like two weeks
at the very [ __ ] most yeah one week
I'm more comfortable with I actually
could see it being a burnout thing you
know could you have to like well they're
taking time away from streaming is like
super stressful holy [ __ ] you lose so
many [ __ ] sobs and you never get to
stream and it's just like oh yeah yeah
that's you definitely uh oh man
maybe one day ask me and hold on who's
in sharing I got a choice okay ask me in
one year there is so much funny [ __ ]
drama
this [ __ ] wedding that I wasn't even
like a big part of somehow I ended up
kind of sort of revolving me but not
that much but asked me like a one-year
about it respect that but have to ask
one question here why why is there a
one-year pay wall on on getting the
deets here cuz I don't know if like the
person involved is like actively
watching my short but okay alright
understood man okay cool I'll I'll put
in a time capsule got you in one year
and like whenever I do travel [ __ ] I'll
I'll let you know you know I'll let you
know but um one of those like you think
a nice thing here one last thing on that
whole thing about the the one last last
thing one last thing here excitin gets
this point actually I do plan to grind
until twitchcon twitch cons when I when
I plan to like reevaluate like okay do I
want to slow down now I don't want to
like take a day off I like start
resuming gym or whatever the [ __ ] so in
case you're like in case we can get it
resolved here about the whole work-life
balance way earlier I do have a stopping
point as somewhere I don't I don't want
to do the I am scared the whole trap of
like you know I can keep going forever
on infinity and just like say [ __ ] my
health and just you know get growth at
all costs and then eventually just crash
and burn and die so after twitchcon is
what I'm thinking okay I need to at
least evaluate when do I like stop
gaining weight and actually like get
back to working out again cuz like I'm
to the point now dude I'm so [ __ ] fat
now they don't even wear tank tops
anymore cuz I got like got [ __ ] gut
and boobs and everything else now like
you do how whatever I was when you saw
me in July at about at least 10 pounds
it's bad like I got it like I'm it's
that's not good right I'm not I'm not
happy where I currently am but I mean
I'm pushing the grind right now so I
gotta like get it together uh-huh
don't we even good though we eating good
but definitely like [ __ ]
all right yes everything for you though
oh yeah I love you it's been fun buddy
yeah next week we're gonna do like the
real memes no memes
well we're gonna actually be non scuff
this rock I'll be back at my home set up
again thank the [ __ ] Lord all right
yeah well
GG's GG's well played I'll see you next
week ma'am sounds good yeah bye VIN
number everything's on the ticket I was
in that book for 25 seconds
oh [ __ ] Juba dude there's a grow Boca
