this is not a maybe there's actually a
baby two babies in the cave beyond can
you tame a Yeti people have told you all
sorts of tall tales taming a Yeti is
definitely one of the tall tales you've
heard I don't know how I'm gonna temp to
tame a Yeti I think it's kind of messed
up that we just killed their parents and
you want to make them into your pet now
I am attempting containment Yeti because
I know I'm about to roll in at 20 okay
all right barb Oh get in there look at
the yetis and give me your very best
charisma yeah not bad you walk up then
oh yes you look really non-threatening
or right here or something they look
over to you mom just reaches out its
arms and waddles over and wraps them
around you and holds you at your waist
there there Yeti I'm here now captain
barber and I see how fatherly he is to
these yetis so I'm gonna date a yetis
fur that I skinned and wrap myself
around it and approach them as well
could I put my harness on him and like
you know how like little like little
kids they put like those backpacks on
them with like ropes or whatever how
much three and a half feet tall they
probably weigh like 60 pounds oh they're
the same size as Gerald jailed we got
you some friends I like them I will name
him Damon name your Yeti okay I'm gonna
need him name him Chad
[Music]
 your parents meet to the Yeti hey
noonah
I won't Brad did come here Chad oh now
that she has Chad she's over me
alright you feed the parents to the
young they have no semblance of idea
what's happening and they chow down
enthusiastically could I rename my Yeti
- blue - blue yeah blue yes a raptor
oh-ho nice job Oh No and then we can
have a friendly duel let's have a duel
right now
