okay I'm just gonna go over like some
general and specific things and I'll
bring you to an for discussion okay but
I'm going to see you can hear I'm
talking about okay so I'm going to open
this up as spoiler free and then I'll
get into spoilers later
so in general okay so typically I like
to sit on a movie for a night before I
think like to deeper look into it
because I feel like just taking a night
to let things like settle I think helps
me get a better idea of it I don't know
how I feel about anything the next day
those feelings can change overnight so
I'll preface that with this so again
with no spoilers I'm gonna try very hard
to do no spoilers for this opening but
okay this is something I'm not used to
doing I feel like it was when I saw it I
think that if you don't think about it I
think I said this in Twitter if you
don't really think about it too deeply I
think it was a really good pretty good
movie really good movie I think I think
that um
the way the movie looks is actually
really really cool
not even just like there's like there
are like really cool shots in this um
and this might be one of them it's like
one of the coolest shots I've ever seen
ever at any space like related movie
which was really cool and then yeah I
don't know that just the the camera
stuff it seems really cool I wish I
could go into more detail but um that's
really cool that's really cool the music
was fine it's kind of funny in some
places kind of sad and deep in other
places it seems like the the general
like framework is pretty good but man
when you take a deeper look at it and
then when you take a more comprehensive
look at it I think there are very very
serious flaws I would see the movie
though if you're thinking about seeing
it I would definitely see it I mean it's
like a it's a Star Wars movie you can't
you should if you're part of like
Western civilization you should see the
movie yeah and that's kind of all I
think that's kind of what I have for
like the general is that okay is there
any other questions like generally
before I can get into like spoiler
related [ __ ] I don't like doing this
non-spoiler it feels stupid do you want
to talk about it I mean
you know or is anything more to say like
generally I don't know I felt like I
said no spoilers right now yeah yeah I
was surprised by like how light-hearted
some of that [ __ ] was yeah I kinda like
there's me you know then I was expecting
yeah there was a decent bit of like
snarky comedy related things in this
almost almost too much in my opinion
I don't know I think it's like a newer
age it's just like a newer era of movies
and series movies in the past the
guardians of the galaxy yeah well no
well I don't know if it was quite a
comedy there was but I don't know
guardians of the galaxy but but I would
say more comparable to like any Marvel
movie maybe like even compared to the
last Star Wars movie like force awakens
like I watched that like two months ago
there was not that much comedy in that I
was really surprised by how they just
kept going back it's like every 10
minutes we need to joke know which I
mean I guess I don't know I don't know
how I feel about that more than anything
else I don't know that's a good thing or
a bad thing I mean it's supposed to be a
movie for young people so I mean I think
that's okay
I don't know how sure but um yeah yeah
overall yeah I'm gonna agree with what
you said though overall I thought I
probably hired probably say maybe at 7
but I have to get one lower I'd say of
five because I just like expect I just
expect a movie like of that budget and
of that like prowess like just to be
visually amazing so I don't know I don't
really give them much credit for that
sure and that's the thing is I go one of
these things with no expectations oh
yeah like I have I did this is the first
time I went to a movie theater since
inner sexiest lighting or so I wish
Steven so I like no expectations for
movies so that makes sense to Kyle
didn't feel like you couldn't have like
a moment where like you couldn't have
like a real moment with that like a joke
being had that's kind of how I was like
I don't know it's kind of how I was
feeling I don't think there was a single
moment where there wasn't a joke said oh
yeah yeah that was my issue there's like
no quiet movements in that entire movie
- it felt like I mean well I guess the
first movie felt like that - or it's
just very much the high pace a lot of
[ __ ] going on not a lot of quiet moments
yeah I don't know how I feel about that
in general at the end I came out like
enjoying it yeah I agree
okay can you start getting into spoilers
huh okay we're moving past this and now
we're getting into spoilers you have
been warned this is now a spoiler zone
okay Deborah said the most iconic scene
is silent wait what you seen is that
that's a slicing ship yes oh yeah that
was probably my favorite space-related I
was a long time
yeah that's actually the coolest thing
I've ever seen done like in space like
an all-time but um
seem like the same thing kind of
happened in interstellar yeah but yeah
but I would expect that from
interstellar because that's his style I
wouldn't expect that in a Star Wars
movie Star Wars movies are always about
loud explosions and all sorts of [ __ ] in
space whereas interstellar was
thematically consistent and not having
any sounds in space I thought it that
shot was really really really cool that
was like one of the cooler sounds in the
leia one and which she was out there in
the very start of the movie when leia
was out there after she li got blown out
in space I mean there's always like
music and [ __ ] but that's literally like
what Dover is talking about that was
literally like a 15-second [ __ ] thing
like there's not very much silence in
this movie like yeah yeah yeah so okay
so okay so just like minor plot things
because I'm not really big I'm like
pointing out plot holes but man there
are a couple plot things that could make
this movie so much more enjoyable I wish
that thin wait no not Finn who's the
what's name of the resistance fighter
guy Poe I wish that there was like just
like a really quick quip about his about
how his light about his x-wing was like
really specially outfit or something
there was some reason why it was so cool
I wish there was a quip about that
because he seems like really
unreasonably [ __ ] strong and like
really it's hard to get a scope of like
how powerful the first order is when
like a single like x-wing is like
closing in on these dreadnaughts and
like just blowing up all their turrets
and [ __ ] with like no reason given other
than I guess he's a pretty good pilot I
guess and this the first ones didn't
they go into Anakin being like an
amazing pilot and everything so I don't
know if there's ever a point where Luke
is literally like single-handedly taking
on a massive ship like that and like
fighting and killing every I don't know
I mean I guess
like his little Death Star run but even
though they needed a han Solo for that
right yeah and then he had like other
fighters around him and whatnot like
yeah I'm sorry because I'm just trying
to oh yeah anything else on that well
their justification for that was the
comedy bit which currents like oh he's
you know oh I'm on hold
oh yeah cuz I was their justification
it's like oh then he got too close for
the ships he got too close for the
ship's cannons to fire on him now we
gotta let the TIE fighters out to kill
ya also I didn't hate that part this is
like a thing like I'm pretty sure this
applies in real life I know this applies
in like video games like Eve it kind of
bothers me that you have these like
quadrillion dollar planet-sized [ __ ]
ships and then like you have like twelve
Taif iters to defense them I feel like a
ship like this should be outfitted with
hundreds and hundreds of like
accompanying fighters it feels really
weird that like this massive [ __ ]
thing has literally like eight time
fighters protecting it that seems really
really stupid yeah I don't know I mean
like this is just like minor yeah plot
things also like a single bomber made it
and blew up the entire ship
I mean yes I guess just it's a minor
meme there's a lot of I'm trying to just
handle like the main ones moving forward
a little bit
I don't know I'm skipping anything Leia
like flying through space that was like
what I was just like didn't my head know
what the point I never came back right
yeah I've never I mean sands can survive
in space I don't know if that was a
callback to the super safe super sands
can survive in space you have to be a
Super Saiyan Trevor space so I don't
know that was supposed to be like a
callback to like Dragon Ball Z but like
that was really weird it was also like
totally unnecessary
just injured or something like that you
know you can get her injured in the ship
you know getting in destroy and I are
using the reports like he lists moment
yeah I just thought that they could not
have that scene at all either yeah
moving forward I the the whole side plot
on that planet just seemed it was like
Game of Thrones you know where it's like
it's like so like we're in little
actually honestly and like your writers
I feel like they could have contrived a
better plot device for this ship than
like we're like so this massive [ __ ]
fleet is approaching however we can't
get in range of the cruiser that's
barely out of range and so we're just
gonna chase it for like 24 hours I I
don't know that just seems kind of and
they've lied a little bit you can't like
any kind of firepower that has farther
range you notice stronger ships like
cruisers that could come out that are
around the same size like it just seems
like you've got so much force that to
sit there like on the edge of the range
and never and for 24 hours like it felt
like it felt like the first order wasn't
like powerful at all I don't know they
fell yeah that was always the same level
of the oppression that I had was it like
the first order just kind of [ __ ] I
guess but then you're supposed to get
this impression that they're all
powerful but like look when they go down
to where they on Hoth was at the planet
or is it a different okay when they go
down to the snow planet and then you're
like oh [ __ ] like it's gonna be some big
ice [ __ ] they've got like eight of those
big walkers and like that's it I thought
they were gonna have like a massive
[ __ ] like Lord of the Rings to your
[ __ ] army or something not literally
like eight Walker day I guess that's I
guess that's fine I don't know I guess
what was the point of the planet having
salt on it was it just to set up the
nice red shot sorry
it's probably just a mean I don't know
another camera beams I thought the red
shots looked really well yeah they look
the shots on the bay it looked like what
was yeah why
of it having salt like they're just okay
say something in chat you need to
justify it with lines from the movie so
proto Bank said the first order is a
small remnant force leftover from the
Empire I'm pretty sure that literally
within this film they said that the
first order was on the verge of taking
over like within didn't leia say that
are not leia didn't rice say that within
a week they would take over all the rest
of the galaxy that they were like close
to having every major system I don't
remember that I I'm pretty she says
something I feel like she literally said
that to Luke that like within a week or
two that that the first order would own
like every major system I'm pretty sure
they said that so I don't think so
I don't think the first order is like
some small little remnants or whatever I
think they're a massive space force it's
not I would think it's it seems like
it's not well-defined yeah because
you're bringing up points that are at
odds this is the [ __ ] leaders fleet
and there's like six of these Star
Destroyers yeah so that whole contrived
scene I felt like they could have
contrived a way better to give them some
time I did we talked about going to the
planet at all well that such a thing
yeah like that whole side me miss my
felt like it was a big waste of time and
a photo went to the bathroom I would've
probably felt better about the movie
yeah you know just don't know how I felt
like that whole side plot that's
something I think they could have
contrived something better for Rose the
little Chinese chick or whatever yeah I
didn't like that character at all I
think it should she didn't like I'm kind
of okay with their like slow-moving
vehicles just out of range but it's like
we need to go down to this casino planet
to find a hacker and then go back to the
Star Destroyer
yeah that's not anyone I say like could
arrive that's not that how could that
cannot be the best thing you guys could
have any mob or whatever couldn't come
to help because she was doing some like
random [ __ ] they had to like do that
Anna might mob who is that remember the
girl that they talked to and know like
could you do this she was like yeah but
I'm busy like settling a dispute or
whatever
oh yeah they just kind of like me Mele
brought her into the movie for some
reason there is and then ma this is
something I didn't like mob is supposed
to be a very intelligent character full
of wisdom that knows a lot
she was pretty confident that there was
literally a single person in the galaxy
that was capable of doing this hack and
it seems like they easily by chance ran
into a random criminal that was able to
do the hack like so was mom just wrong
or did the people get exceptionally
lucky or yeah yeah and then the whole
bb-8 remembers [ __ ] name the robot
did yeah he like was killing like waves
and waves of soldiers like I don't know
how yeah I think he was probably a
little bit too powerful yeah like they
go around they gets locked in the jail
and like the hacker just like goes
around the corner and finds two people
like knocked out and it was the droid
that did it yeah no it was like three or
four like soldiers and [ __ ] yeah I don't
know yeah well the guy just in there
like in like a drunk tank or whatever
just like chilling his drunk out before
we want to be like to leave you just
kind of laid there until yeah they're
discovering the whole poor thing I think
all of that was like really dumb that
part of the plot was really dumb moving
on to more serious plot things I don't
know anything about that since enoki guy
and then he knows yeah and then he nope
so yeah and then and then snake he just
died like in two seconds and that seemed
like really dumb seems like really
powerful too I don't I guess he was
supposed to be he fell okay I kind of
like the subversion of your expectations
there but like this character being so
important and being completely
undeveloped
like yeah you don't know anything about
him at all yeah and his existence
doesn't make any sense either there's
this all powerful Jedi that's just been
that just came around well I don't think
that's so bad as long as he serves a
purpose but like because for instance I
don't think I could be wrong but I don't
think you know anything about the
Emperor and Star Wars right well yeah
but he's Emperor Palpatine you know bit
I think no no I don't think you know
he's served under
and then you know wait did whoever Yoda
didn't know no he was he was Chancellor
Palpatine in the first three movies no
no no no yeah yeah but I'm talking about
four five and six before we see him in
the first three movies in just four or
five and six you don't really learn
anything oh no I was I was talking about
learning things and uhm in the prequels
yeah no no yeah I'm just saying about it
in the four five and six you don't
really learn anything and then he dies
again but I think his death serves an
important purpose for the development of
Darth Vader so I think that's sure well
where is Snoke during four five and six
are you telling me in the 20 years
between between six and seven this guy
just appeared
I mean like again like I'm okay with
that just because like yeah I like
somebody brought up like you literally
don't even know he's Palpatine in
Episode four bottom six he's just the
Emperor I'm okay with him being there as
snow being a really powerful dude as
long as he served some purpose but it's
just his death didn't really mean
anything I was really uneventful sure I
like the subversion of expectation
they're like you don't expect that like
that's not a good reason to do anything
that's like a Death Grips argument like
if you're gonna subvert expectations you
have to have a specific reason for doing
so otherwise you're just being edgy
I think sure like in Game of Thrones
when your expectation is subverted about
main characters the purpose is to show
consequence for your actions which makes
sense it's not like people just randomly
die in Game of Thrones
I do the meme is that like well any
character can die not really they
generally have to earn their death
usually I'm trying to think I don't know
if there were any undeserved deaths in
Game of Thrones it seems like most of
the characters through there out throw
their own actions and imperfections
aren't they're duds sure I guess my
point is I'm okay with it happening I
just wish there was some development to
that character yeah so like the big
problem and this is like my huge problem
with the where the Star Wars memes are
at right now is that it seems like all
conventional character arcing or
character development has just been
totally abandoned we just don't care
about that anymore characters just do
things and they become really strong and
they finish arcs that were never started
and just have no purpose or anything and
that's like I think that's actually the
biggest detracting thing from the film
like the Rilo Kiley's oh dude like
turning on the on the [ __ ] Snookie for
like no [ __ ] reason like we don't
really get any of that
that's actually really disappointing to
me really for us
reading because it seems like there's a
lot of development between those two
characters but that we just don't get it
like this was a two-and-a-half-hour
movie and we didn't get any real
development of Ray or Rilo Kiley's why
kylo Ren a little bit a little bit but
like like when she showed up on the ship
and he was like right there was like oh
okay I guess we're climaxing on this
like encounter real [ __ ] quick you
know like do some like option and like
go find him and yeah that's what I sent
her they would have an encounter or
something but like um something that
really irritated me that actually made
the first of this trilogy make a lot of
sense is when you got the impression
that Rilo is actually really torn on
kill on killing han that made the later
part of the last movie make a lot of
sense why he was unable to defeat Rey
and the Finn guy in combat and whatnot
