Oh easy
oh oh oh wait mid Wesley wait this looks
like the quartering am i watching a
react video to react video what's going
on everyone jeremy here with mid Wesley
I've got a second topic I want to cover
today and that is the destiny situation
destiny is a well-known streamer debater
I would consider him relatively laughter
I don't know if I would say far-left I
don't know if he's a socialist but I'm
trying so hard to be nuanced things yeah
has gotten into trouble again no no I
have it why do people keep saying I'm
like under fire or in trouble am I in
trouble
this clip was from like six months ago
wait or maybe a year ago how long it why
is everyone suddenly timer doesn't
because somebody Clips something I had a
conversation with dr. layman like how
long ago one year ago and people are
like people took a clip out of this
where I question about political
violence over a year ago and now people
are acting like this is like recent my
way in my opinion threatening violence
against particularly against
conservatives which is absurd I want to
start with a look at that which Terms of
Service before I go into exactly what
Dustin he said and I want to talk about
whether or not I think the guy should be
banned because I think in most cases
this would be at least a temporary ban
but the body of work that doesn't use
but in a man who's been banned from
Twitter maybe was already banned more
than once when I can tell from twitch
for pretty heinous things direct
violations of the twitch Terms of
Service I'm not sure that he's in a
position to want to learn or change
maybe young you know I mean he's - I got
a band for threatening mr. moons entire
family after that League of Legends game
I mean he has a point
he'd be comfortable around Eli although
I'm not sure you life would allow this
type of thing either so in terms of the
final some threats I think which is
where it Destiny's outburst would land
axe and threats of fines will be take
series ain't considered zero-tolerance
violations and all accounts so
activities will be indefinitely
suspended this includes but not limited
to attempts / threats to physically harm
others attempts or threats to act on so
I don't you know use of weapons first we
harm continued on so
like other statement like you could
morally justified offensive or
preemptive action in scenarios as
literally it's literally defensive
that's literally uh attempts or threats
to physically harm others you know what
I wonder if these same people take the
same stance when all the ethno Staters
are like hold on I don't want to use
violence against black people I just
want to use the law to make them all
leave the country but I don't want to be
violent but okay did he go out yeah wait
I think it's in this other conversation
alone what are you doing in my dude oh
maybe it was a more recent cover okay so
this one's only six months old not quite
as old wait which month is September is
that the nine month when you get banned
I heard of new streaming websites like
my population and my can wait I don't
want something almost um buddy you know
but um a live stream this is what you
say very much sounds like I move for
launch Eli Capilouto violent exercise
for my [ __ ] country I think the mantra
[ __ ] people people anymore the most
people use because I can't do this
really there's no like lol there's no uh
bra I was king he's very clearly serious
and uh you know the man who stands about
four foot six I'm not sure that he's
willing to be the one to why is it that
everybody that makes fun of me and my
height one they get my height wrong to
they are fat is [ __ ] this is the type of
guy that [ __ ] walks into like a
[ __ ] restaurant and accidentally like
lifts his arms and like his [ __ ]
belly fat comes up in the nasty rotted
cheese smell washed through the resin
why is this guy why do so many people
make fun of my height and then they are
literally [ __ ] obese like hey man at
the very least I have genetics on my
side for my reason for being short
what's your reason for being 700 [ __ ]
pounds I don't understand like or and
then on top of that not only they also
fat as [ __ ] most these [ __ ] were
shorter than I am right remember
remember when Ian Chong was [ __ ]
hassling me on Twitter and then people
found out that he tweeted he was [ __ ]
five six why what the [ __ ] like I don't
understand like take this task on but
it's often the people I'm not sure that
he's willing to be the one to take this
task on but it's awful so what do you
mean it doesn't matter how tall I am to
take this task on I thought this is why
you guys love gun so much either the
whole point was the second remembers to
be the great equalizer I don't have to
be strong to kill people it's a whole
one of guns right isn't that there are
like I don't understand okay the people
that espouse these things that are
looking for useful idiots on these
people exist what
speaking of useful it is if you don't
know my story I was targeted physically
attacked while in India I was at gaming
convention by somebody who thought I was
some sort of Nazi or something I didn't
like my political beliefs nezzie is that
like a meme that must be like a meme or
somebody who thought it was some sort of
nezzie or something didn't like my
political beliefs and snuck up behind me
and uh physically assaulted me punching
me and choking me and you don't like a
punch it window that the guy was acting
like a crazy person that's how a lot of
these ideologues are and I want excute
wow this guy is talking about violent
rhetoric leading to potentially violent
actions oh my god
so this guy is basically saying that if
people go online and they and they have
certain types of speech that they should
be deep platform because their speech
could lead to violent outcomes I wonder
if he feels the same way about
conservatives or if he feels the same
way about PewDiePie or if he feels the
same about Lauren southern or a stefan
molyneux or sargon of akkad
or steven crowder or ben shapiro or any
other number we Dave Rubin or any other
number of conservatives that go down and
kind of like spread like pretty
extremely like cable right or sam harris
towards like muslims and [ __ ] do you
think mmm he was any side when you're on
the far support learn he probably
doesn't whether its far left or for far
right
it seems like these folks are more prone
to violent outbursts now if you go by
recent history it's absolutely and with
the exception of childs Ville and even
that is questionable you know somebody
did obviously capelin over there by and
that's oh my god is it the heart attack
is that what he's gonna do my mom
believes that [ __ ] by the way but the
person that got ran over by the [ __ ]
car died of a heart attack so he doesn't
believe that was oh he's oh I'm sorry
holy [ __ ] every now and then I don't
know how to explain this it's like
really really really weird every now and
then I get like this [ __ ] sixth sense
when I'm about to hear conservatives say
some real dumb [ __ ] and I just realized
that he's about to say that people on
the left commit more violence and people
not the right that's what he's about to
say isn't he
disgusting but I wouldn't it's hard to
know if it was targeted or not you know
and if you look at the way in FIFA
action the way they interact with people
and the way that a lot of these far-left
people talk and speak and act in public
look at the black guy or you know
there's a numerable caught on camera X
but it's not okay when either side
doesn't
when you resort to that type of thing
you automatically lost obviously I
believe in defending yourself but we
have an extraordinarily popular streamer
essentially advocating for this I would
say that's probably in violation of
Twitch's guidelines now I also don't
believe in censoring or banning people
for their political ease but this is not
that this isn't a direct violation this
is talking about this is a literal
threat it was an action a little or
threat I was saying that you could
morally justify it if what I'm saying
counts as a literal threat I wish they
would apply the same standards to people
on the right where is the consistency
god damn where is it head bang that you
sexually calling for it now he's not
being specific and saying you should go
do this all we I'm not being specific so
is it not so what is this kind of hate
speech but you get where's that honor
he's about as close to that line is
reasonable hmm I think I would rather
see the guy get you another lengthy ban
versus being banned indefinitely because
I know he's got a kid to support but
this is you know the third second or
third time they totally ban yeah I
always like I always like how I get um I
always like how I I'm like I'm
irrelevant and I'm like a no-name when
people are like [ __ ] on me but then
whenever a twitch clip comes out I think
you should platform whenever a twitch
clip comes out I get like I'm like
millions of followers right when when
you're [ __ ] on me on like a forum
it's like destiny he's a no-name
irrelevant [ __ ] and no one knows
about him but then when I'm like like
getting clips like but people it's been
like he's got millions of followers guys
reporter not that long ago he received
30 what is this oh not that long ago he
received a 30-30 ban for dropping the
f-bomb it's part of copies crap down
okay for contact that's near motive
which is biggest rumors are changing to
the platforms and bank robbers causes
police infractions and fortunes weird
another example of twitch cracking down
nothing is known on twitch Natalie
Parsons rocking Apple discussion ease
also breaks reason language making jokes
is always funny to spy three offensive
nature its include using words like the
R word or the F word will say twitch
have not tolerate series work wait he
doesn't disagree with this though there
is no hold on there's no way that that
[ __ ] the quartering has videos on how
unethical it is to use words like the F
word in the R word there is no [ __ ]
way that this guy actually has this
position Stockhausen the companies try
to crack down when and clean when using
joke since introducing a new
subcommittee on 2 February all the
explains like I seem to be 30-day banned
a few days ago got sneaked in a recent
YouTube stream followings ban
there's not sure exactly prompted ban
but gave two ideas let me
from today I've given two reasons why I
was banned and doesn't he was pissed off
his back dissent said you hurt some
people I was his comment about Cubans
ever let him in trouble you've ever
gotten he meant as a joke the seaman
violates so I mean the thing with
destiny is he's entertaining he's
absolutely a troll he's the guy that
absolutely thinks he's super smart but
he's just not he he thinks he's smart
meet how can I be a troll but also think
I'm smart does he not know what the [ __ ]
control is right a troll is somebody
that pretends to be something in order
to get views a reaction society so wait
do I actually think I'm a smart person
and then I'm just an idiot or am I like
like a pseudo it's like or am I actually
a troll when I know I'm not smart I just
troll people which originally using
random [ __ ] word did you have like a
bin that he pulled these out of or
describe here because he's good at
debating but it's just debate tactics
not because he truly understands the
good ol he's just using debate tactic
you would think that all these [ __ ]
alt writers you think that all these
conservative shits you think all these
trad cons would have seen like tricks
enough that they could actually look
[ __ ] counter me
well then found a way to counter me to
debate just sneaking a [ __ ] PhD
[ __ ] 30 year history research into of
conversation I guess I'm not sure if us
really believes what you saying Twitch
IBC has a problem enforcing their own
rules when it comes to twitch battery
and which they rarely crack down on so I
suppose I'm not a fan of him getting
banned indefinitely on Twitch perhaps
another 30-day ban or six date banner
now day band might be the way to do it
because he has begun finally I didn't go
stream on YouTube he needs to or you can
use like shipping flat form so it's not
necessarily the end of the world for him
but this is a guy that would be easy to
pile on because he's such an antagonist
that guy but you have to look at his
impression as it stands alone and
honestly it hasn't been that long since
he was just banned for 30 days now you
throw this in there this is definitely
an issue it's getting picked up by more
people you know you've got keemstar
treating it out you know twitch everyone
and her mother assuming that's what we
support
not necessarily found this but I only
found out is equal enforcement right so
if you're going to have an issue if I
were to say that about the left what we
Twitch's reaction be I think we all know
exactly would be so in this case I think
it doesn't you should absolutely be
banned for some period of time but
probably not indefinitely I hate to see
people lose their source of income I
don't like it when people do it people a
fake Goldeen I don't like when people do
it again like testing it doesn't ease
case however he has repeatedly broken
the Terms of Service like literally if
this isn't about what doesn't he does
outside this isn't about what doesn't he
sighs it's personal life isn't about
what does explicably sorry this isn't
about me or the record I've had I think
three bands on twitch in my 9 or 10
years of streaming just for the record
but man this his bands have literally
been about me I got like this unless I
got like a day ban or something oh
i'ma go on Twitch maybe for bran I don't
remember but on the platform which
includes dropping f-bombs another one
you think really only three
I don't remember before like the new tio
something I don't remember if I had ever
been banned from twitch before unless
somebody remembers
I don't maybe I did I don't remember no
and in this latest case going probably
way too far
you'll be interesting to see if twitch
actually does anything about this
because you know they have an obvious
bias they've obvious Politico bias but
we look by the letter of the law I would
say absolutely violated he's threatening
nobody in specific here but when you
wanna look around together and say all
conservatives oh the To Catch a Predator
meme oh never mind that was a seven day
ban wasn't okay so I've been banned four
times it was that there was the League
of Legends gamer moment there was the
ben shapiro meme and then there's the
mr. moon moon i mean if you were say all
liberals we're all you know progressives
you know it's a group of people what he
was a all black people you know it's i
think he crossed the line Wow what's the
difference between saying all black
people and conservatives hmm do you
think that we could like do you think we
could try to take a guess what's the
difference between black people and
conservatives hmm I won't if we could
draw some differences about the
intrinsic nature of one versus the
ideological and I'm probably not there
man it's no difference in shouldn't see
if twitch does anything cuz we don't
which absolutely enjoys there a double
standard well be fun to watch it see if
you get suspended or not I hope you
enjoyed this we hope you were
entertained by it if you weren't I
dropped like out before you leave I will
talk to you real soon
it's strained you know all these
conservatives have all these strong
opinions about my view on political
violence but for some reason none of
them ever showed up to talk
[Music]
