hey everybody today we are debating
whether or not morality can be objective
and we are starting right now ladies and
gentlemen thrilled to have you here for
this epic debate this is a huge one
people are like oh snap I can't wait to
see that so I'm one of them believe me
it's in the highlight of my day I'm
looking forward to during my sad and
boring day but this is going to be a big
one we're changing things around so
wanna let you know right up front but
what the speakers had their links in the
description so highly encourage you if
you enjoy their content go ahead and
check it out it's conveniently located
down below also if this is your first
time here consider hitting that
subscribe button as we're trying to
build an eclectic community of people
from all walks of life Christian atheist
Republican Democrat Jedi and even Seth
so with that we are going to get rolling
pretty quick into the open discussion
just want to let you know during the
open discussion if you have questions
just fire them into the live chat I will
try to scoop them out from the live chat
into a pile and then we will read them
during the quick Q&A at the end so with
that gentlemen Punk to have you here and
these guys they really need no
introduction a Tom I have to also say
thank you to these guys these guys have
been on the channel a lot and it's been
just a blast to get to watch them and so
we appreciate coming on they have both
helped the channel so much Tom's been on
it for quite a while can't remember how
he crossed paths I remember we had a
debate on Pascal's wager and I destroyed
Tom you know he's recovering you know
but I don't think you believe that but
Stephen has been on a number of times as
well and I would say Stephen I mean when
I bring up YouTube debates a lot of
people are like oh yeah you get destiny
on like if you think YouTube debates
destiny is probably going to come to
mind so thrilled that both you guys here
and with that with those brief
introductions gonna just turn it over I
guess we would say that given that Tom
you're taking the affirmative and
usually have the affirmative go first if
you want to make a case for why I'm
under the impression you not only
believe that we can
objective moral values that we indeed do
so Tom if you want to get the fall
rolling we'll let you explain exactly
what your position is thanks for being
here yeah sure so I am an atheist and I
believe in objective morality I believe
there are objective moral values like
most philosophers in fact even though
most philosophers are in fact atheists
like seventy percent or something fifty
seventy percent do believe in objective
moral values and I am one of them so
just to start off the definition of
objective that I'm going with it's just
something that's true independent of
opinion so it's not it's something that
exists in this true a part of the world
some like ontological thing category
that is true regardless of what anyone's
opinion about it is and I believe that
morality can be the same thing
essentially it's kind of like that
triangle a triangle if you draw a
triangle it is objectively the case that
as long as you draw correctly the angles
will add up to 180 degrees
even though trials don't exist this is
just an objectively true fact about the
nature of triangles or for example to
steel to steel the example of a mixer
from Twitter there's no such thing as an
inch or a foot but the Empire State
Building is objectively like fourteen
hundred or five thousand feet tall or
whatever so we can have objective facts
that are emergent from other things they
don't need to be specific we don't need
to exist intrinsically for example it
can be objectively the case that I am
imagining an apple right now even though
it's purely a part of my imagination is
still objectively true that I'm
imagining that morality can be the same
kind of like a triangle or an imaginary
thing or an emergent property for
example a flock of birds there's not
really a thing that is in fact a flock
of birds but it is objectively true that
that flock of birds exists so there can
be emergent things or imaginary things
or things like abstract objects like
triangles that are objective even though
they don't intrinsically exist as a part
of the world I believe morality can be
argued to be the same kind of a thing or
it has properties even if it doesn't
necessarily exist then we can you bet go
um I don't know how to make like a
negative here but I mean I guess like I
will get into this in the free
discussion but
I understand that they're kind of these
broader categories that we could talk
about so things like triangles inches
the ideas that we might have about
things or groups of things and we can
say that even though the underlying
facts or the things that these
categories explain might exist even
though the group itself doesn't exist
the underlying things do I don't think
of that same type of analogy can be used
to point towards like moral fact but but
I guess well hush that out and like the
back and forth which is mainly what I'm
interested in yeah but I guess like my
primary contention is I don't think
there is a such thing as moral fact I
don't think there's any way we can
investigate it I don't think there's any
way we can observe it I don't think that
any of these larger situations will
reduce down to some sort of moral to
some sort of like fact of the world the
same way that like even though a
triangle is an idea and doesn't
technically exist like the idea of a
triangle doesn't really exist in the
real world we can make measurements
about triangles then we can look at
things in the world and go like hey like
this kind of like comports to what we'd
expect strangle to be but I don't think
we can do the same thing with moral fact
and yeah you bet with that I guess we'll
just let the conversation open on um do
you want to want to go through the
examples I guess I think that's like the
easiest way to to kind of work through I
guess what our positions are oh is it
you're on mute Tom
ah let's see let me see if I
accidentally definitely haven't muted
you over on this side Tom if you can
hear me I think we might have
temporarily lost how's the easiest
debate I've ever no I'm just kidding oh
let's see yeah we can hang it yeah don't
know what happened there but alright so
yeah the best evidence we have for
morality is essentially moral intuition
and moral progress it's not really very
good evidence it's essentially the only
thing we've got so if you take a
particular example and imagine forcing
someone to do some particular action and
opposed that to giving them the option
to do action X or not action X it is
intuitively more immoral the first cases
int with immoral compared to the second
case wait a second forcing somebody to
do certain verses so just take any
generic action X if you force someone to
do action X without their consent as
opposed to giving them the option to do
action X or not X it's intuitively seems
like it's the case that the first one is
more involved in the second okay do you
want to do what can we start with this
example then so the first thing you said
that there is evidence for a morality
and then you meant you you reference
moral intuition and then moral progress
I would argue that what we're engaging
in a form of kind of like begging the
question like if you believe that moral
intuition tends to align with say
progressive American values today then
of course you would say that there's
moral progress but there are a lot of
other people with different meta ethical
views so for instance religious people
that believe that morality is dictated
by God that would disagree that we've
made moral progress it seems that there
is like a general kind of Western values
agreement that we've made moral progress
that most people seem to agree that
things like slavery probably aren't good
that giving women the right to vote and
participate in the workplace is probably
good but but I think that when you start
getting into less concrete issues that
you get a lot of debate on whether or
not we've actually made moral progress
as kind of like a society when we talk
about things for instance like gay
rights or
sex or different types of freedom of
speech or immigration or these kinds of
issues so I I guess I'm the first thing
I don't know if I agree that like you
can say that we are making moral
progress without asking what what do you
mean like what are we progressing
towards what does that mean other than
you're just saying like oh well I like
where we are morally compared to where
we were a hundred years ago how can you
really say we're making moral progress
right so that would be the conclusion of
my argument I'm saying we're making more
progress towards this thing which I call
the best of all possible worlds which
would be a following argument from my
initial one that would be essentially a
world where everything is voluntary
including interactions with nature so if
you don't want to be confined by gravity
you can fly if you want to essentially
everybody gets their own world you can
do whatever you want with it
that's the best of all possible worlds
all the interactions are voluntary why
should we value something like things
being voluntary why is that like a good
thing over things not being voluntary
right so that would go back to my first
example is that when we look at the
giving someone the option to do action
acts as opposed to forcing them to do
action acts it seems intuitively like
it's the case that forcing them to do it
is more immoral than giving them the
option so that is kind of the
foundational bedrock of why which and
value of choice because intuitively
given these two cases it seems like it's
moral okay so there are two big things
there are two big ways that I would kind
of question this the first is that it
doesn't always seem like giving somebody
a choice is superior to not giving them
a choice so for instance in some
cultures we would argue that certain
types of guns should always be banned or
that people shouldn't be allowed to
pollute at certain ways or that kids
should have some level of autonomy
removed from them how do you contend I
guess with these issues where there are
areas where we revoked autonomy from
people or even like Taxation where most
people seem to say like it's okay to
remove somebody's autonomy in that sense
right their only plug pragmatic they're
always pragmatic limitations like for
example where you're not free to just
like go through a stop sign you have to
stop we forced you to stop at a stop
sign because if you don't knew you could
crash in other people and people could
lose their lives but if we imagine how
do we get rid of all these pragmatic
limitations to just see the pure like
what is the moral system here we'd have
to go to like the best possible world so
let's imagine we need to get our own
world we can do whatever we want with it
design it in any way we want at this
point there's no pragmatic limitation so
if you don't want to stop at a stoplight
you don't have to it's your world no one
is forcing to be there you you're alone
if or you can allow people in but you
seriously do whatever you want there are
no pragmatic limitations in this world
you're essentially a god of your
universe at which point there's no
reason to stop you from running from
running the red light you should you
could be able to do it there's no reason
not to do it there's no reason to place
limitations on you and say you can't do
this for some better reason because
we're in the best of all possible worlds
at that point there isn't any pragmatic
reason to stop people from doing this
and so you just you're just left with
it's obviously the case that giving
someone the option is more moral than
forcing them to do it in all cases
there's not a single case you can list
given this best of all possible where
would ever be the case that it would be
better to force them to do it okay so
then I know so you're essentially saying
that like in the cases where we move
autonomy from somebody we're doing it to
protect kind of like the autonomy of
another person right we use it to
protect from pragmatic limitations like
we stopped a child from going to the
street because they could get run over
we stop someone from sticking the fort
blood because they can get shot or
whatever we don't let people have guns
in some countries because you could use
in the shoot people okay and then so
then two other ways that are questioned
this is um are you familiar the concept
of like the paradox of choice sure so
let's say that we were to run like a
thousand psych experiments and somehow
we could measure out like here is a
world we are given unlimited options and
unlimited freedom to do things
here's another world where your life is
much more restricted you you know you
have to go to school you have to work
this job you have to do these things or
whatever if we were to run tests like
these and they showed that people that
were restricted in the options that they
had actually had like better outcomes in
so far as we could measure some
invisible H value for happiness inside a
person's skull they were happier with
more restrictions placed on their lives
would you still say that the the
voluntary option is is superior to the
non voluntary one or would you reject
the hypothetical and say that this could
never be the case or no I'd absolutely
say the voluntary adoption cuz you can
take that option and say well you can go
live in a world where your options are
restrictive and be happy here here's the
numbers so you will be happier in this
case then you would be in this case and
you can now choose for yourself would
you like to be in the world with options
or would you like to be in the world
with restrictive options so you can
still value voluntary systems can be
better in that case because you just get
to choose 20 you want
okay so then to summarize you would say
like on a if if a non-voluntary world
was better you can go from a voluntary
to a non voluntary one given the option
you obviously can't go from another
voluntary to a voluntary one right well
you you'd be up to you so for example
you could leave that option open to
yourself to reverse the decision where
you know I'm not gonna do this is gonna
be permanent I'm just going for this and
that's my decision
sure okay cool all right so these are
kind of like the basic things so I think
I understand that okay so my main
contention then as a so I think I think
my position would be called like non
cognitivism in terms of my view of
morality so when you make a statement
where you say I prefer something or I'm
sorry you say I think that something is
right or wrong so for instance you say
like having the ability to voluntarily
engage in some action is right versus
non involuntarily for something is
generally wrong so what I would say is
Anan cognitivist is like what you're
really telling me is something feels
court or something doesn't feel good so
my challenge to you when you talk about
like best of all possible worlds what it
sounds like to me is you're describing
some state with that that seems like it
would feel the best to you which were is
like a descriptive fact right or a norm
in fact whatever like these things are
the things that make me feel the best
how do you make the jump from that
statement to saying like this is a moral
fact so these things feel the best to me
therefore it must be like a moral
feature of the world or whatever how do
you make that jump right so moral
intuition is essentially just this is
what feels right so when we look at
these situations the more problem to say
well this was what feels right to us
kind of like if we feel something fuzzy
it feels fuzzy but how do we prove its
objectively fuzzy well we could be in
the matrix we can't prove it
absolutely but we can use our sensations
and feelings in order to make a
judgement and then use that judgment to
try and say well how does it feel you
how does it feel to you how does it feel
to you and if we can get to some really
core similarities between our
descriptions of how they feel we can
generalize that and say this is probably
a description of reality and not just a
description of our subjective
interpretations and I'm kind of doing
that kind of thing so I would argue that
my description in the first example of
giving someone the option to do X as
opposed to forcing them to do X is
intuitively more moral and that seems to
be like this is fuzzy and it all feels
fuzzy to all of us pretty much so it's I
don't say those are equal equal layers
of what we can call objective about
reality sure so I would agree with your
statement
to people so I imagine if we pulled most
of the earth 99.9% of people say they
don't want to be tortured right so it
seems that that you're calling it a
moral intuition seems to be descriptive
of reality but like as a non cognitivist
all I would say is well you have some
biological entity that's expressing a
preference not to have it's like pain
receptors trigger it over and over and
over again what I'm trying to figure out
is like how can you make the jump from
here are the preferences of a collection
of people into saying well there is some
underlying moral fact like I feel like I
can describe almost everything you're
saying with with like we could program
this we could literally open a compiler
we could throw in a bunch of programming
language and we could code for this but
it doesn't seem like I need like any
kind of moral fact to do that well how
is that different from any kind of
scientific fact because it's the same
kind of a thing we have a well we all
experienced this thing in this way and
we can test it in certain ways but we
could always be in the matrix it could
always be false but always programmed
for it in that way and assume it's all
expression of our biology or Descartes
evil demon or some kind of illusion so
how is it this any different from a
scientific case in the moral case yeah
so the difference is so so I'm not
trying to play the ultimate skeptic case
in regards to like like at like
epistemic truth or something where I can
question everything more so that I don't
believe we need moral fact to describe
anything you're saying and kind of like
the differences is that I feel like for
any given scientific thing so let's say
it's one of the examples you brought up
earlier war was a triangle or a flock of
birds right that for a triangle we can
posit some basic axioms about how math
works and then we can like define a
triangle as such you know anything any
shape that has three edges with three
different corners that add up to hundred
eighty degrees and then we can take this
and and given that we agree on the
definitions we can test this both in in
like the rational way right we can test
them on paper and in like in an
empirical way we can look at it in real
life
my problem with moral intuition is I
don't know how you ever reconcile the
differences between two people with
different moral intuitions so four basic
things like a Sam Harris example nobody
likes acid being thrown in her face sure
that's pretty easy to reconcile but for
a harder thing like premarital sex how
do you reconcile two people's moral
intuitions that are completely different
on this point well getting so I would
say let's put it in the best of all
possible worlds where everyone gets
designed
world and they get to choose whatever
consequences they want I mean if you
want to design your world in that way go
for it and if they want to design the
world a different way go for it I don't
see a problem with either one so I would
say that that particular question is a
subjective question you get to decide it
but the objective similarity between the
two is that it's up to you it should be
in your world or in your your what
effects you should be up to you and
that's the part that's objective even if
though their decision on whether or not
Premal at premarital sex is good or bad
is subjective the control or the choice
part is what's objective yeah but I
guess like the problem is it like it
seems like this argument becomes a
little absurd where where if two people
disagreed on mathematical fact we would
never say well listen if you had your
own world you could describe whatever
mathematical truths you wanted to but it
seems like we're trying to do the same
with with morality here like what we're
saying well two people like is there any
way for two people with different moral
intuitions to reconcile their
differences or do we just have to appeal
that well if they could design their own
world they could do what they want I
don't know how that gets us to like like
moral fact or if anything it seems to
say that there might not be like an
underlying moral fact and that's why we
need the separate worlds for them to
have their separate spaces all right
well it's kind of like take the triangle
example if you draw a triangle the
angles always add up to 180 unless it's
on a curved surface and if it's on a
curved surface well then they won't add
up to 180 anymore so you have to make
some kind of a metric where you can
compare all the different triangles and
say well here's how we know it's a
triangle because they add up to 180 on a
flat surface so my best of all worlds
that's the flat surface I'm comparing it
to yeah but again like the prot like I
guess the problem of the triangle is I
was like we can talk about like a curved
surface or a flat surface but all of
these changes can 100% be accounted for
and argued and debated and you can
arrive at using using like like
deductive argument ation we can arrive
at conclusions that should be
universally agreed upon I don't see us
being able to argue moral intuition in
the same way how so because when I use
the example of the best of all possible
worlds giving everyone the right to
design the world as they want that seems
to be like something that we could all
agree on is probably a good thing for
the most part and I think that the vast
majority of people would agree with that
yeah I mean Lee if we can do that I kind
of agree
it but I guess like it almost feels like
kind of like we're begging the question
all it like when we say best of all
possible worlds and everybody gets to
make the best of all possible worlds
well of course whatever world everybody
makes is going to be the best of all
possible worlds I don't see how that
statement like argues in favor or
against anything so the best of all
possible worlds would be a place where
everyone gets to design their own world
darrel personal world wouldn't be the
best the best is the one where we can
all design our own world yeah but I
guess I just don't see how that gets us
to any type of underlying moral fact
like what if like for instance let's say
we have the best of all possible worlds
between 100 people let's say that all of
them create a different world like
doesn't that seem to show that then
there is no underlying moral fact that
everybody just has a different set of
preferences and that's it there is no
moral intuition isn't like honing in on
some particular like morality isn't
being discovered in the world it's just
people just have a different set of
preferences one another well there again
there's still one similarity between all
of those cases which is the fact that
they gave the right to design their own
world and that is the one objective
moral fact is that the choice thing you
have the right to choose that's the
objective moral truth the objective oil
fact that we're looking for is that the
right to choose is the objective moral
standard what you choose is subjective
choose whatever you want doesn't make a
difference the moral standard is the
right to choose okay I mean like I guess
I understand that I just don't see how
that how you need like any any sort of
moral fact to describe that that
basically like people like this could be
stated from like an egoist perspective
like everybody has a preference for some
given thing and then allowing people to
express what preferences they would want
fulfilled in some world I just don't
think I don't know I'd it doesn't feel
like that's any type of like I need any
moral fact to describe that like well I
would say that would be a moral fact you
don't need a moral fact this right I
mean you don't need objective facts
about realities to describe reality you
can say we live in the matrix so none of
this is objective so you don't need an
objective fact about that I'm just
arguing this would be a good candidate
for an objective fact I mean I guess it
could be but we can't really point to
the fact right like we're basically just
saying that like well all creatures have
preferences would you I guess would you
consider is that like is that the moral
fact that creatures can prefer one thing
over another like that is like the moral
fact well no I would say the moral fact
is having the right to choose is more
and not having the right to choose as
immoral hmm okay [ __ ] this might be a
lot shorter I guess it doesn't I just
don't see that I guess is like like a
moral thing that like that you could
basically have some creature that could
prefer one state to another and I can
describe that I guess scientifically I
don't need morality to describe that at
all just because a creature might have a
preference for one thing over another I
don't think you need morality to make
that statement at all right you don't
need morality just like you don't need
to describe reality in terms of
particles but you can so again I'm not
saying you need morality I'm making an
argument for immorality so I'm saying it
would be better if we looked at morality
in terms of everyone should have the
right to choose we can make contrast our
world to the best of all possible worlds
and look at that and see well how can we
get closer to that and give more people
the right to choose that seems like a
better moral standard than any other
moral standard that we could ever come
up with yeah but when you say like
better like better with respect to what
like what makes people choosing versus
not choosing like what makes it better
like how do you decide what's better or
not like what are you appealing to again
the first argument I had way if you give
a person options new action acts as
opposed to force them to do action acts
it's always more moral to give them the
option than the force law just because
of language and and and if somebody
intuitively disagrees with that then you
would say well if you can choose then
you can choose to disagree or you can
choose to make a world where you would
be more restricted or whatever it's
basically yeah if you disagree you can
you can make that choice and be in that
world in how you prefer it it would
still fall in the same category because
if you say whatever you do you can
always add well okay we'll make that an
option for you okay um [ __ ] yeah I don't
know where to go I mean like I guess I
kind of I guess I just I don't know I
guess if you want to push me at all like
I just I don't feel like that intuition
I don't feel like that's a moral fact I
feel like that's just like a like a
biological condition of creatures that
we tend to want to make the best choices
for ourselves where we tend to want to
like maximize their own utility as
creatures I don't see I don't see there
being any underlying moral fact
regarding that they seem to just be
basic descriptions or or like normative
statement creatures all right the
intuition
the moral fact is just what we have
access to kind of like vision if we see
an illusion or we see a picture of a
painting it could be an illusion or it
could be the real thing
our vision itself isn't subjective in
that sense it's just giving us an
inclination to try and make guesses as
to what it is we're seeing and so our
intuition is the thing that we use to
make guesses as to what it is we're
seeing in the case of morality and I'm
arguing what we're seeing can be
described in an objective sense by this
underlying thing that seems to be
similar in all cases in all moral
descriptions as opposed to just an
illusion like optical illusion we see
with our eyes yeah but like if like
where it would you say like the morality
is like an immaterial thing then that
we're getting a glimpse of through our
intuition or yeah I think it's like like
a triangle okay but like wait you think
it's I'm sorry you cut out for a second
you think it's a what like a triangle
abstract it's like an abstract idea the
idea of the best of all possible worlds
the ideal ideal like ideals triangle the
perfect triangle okay even though
there's no such thing all right go we
can't like draw a perfect triangle
because if you zoom in you're always
gonna get the bubble shapes of the
electron so it's impossible to draw a
perfectly straight line we can still
imagine the thing of a perfectly
straight triangle perfectly perfect
triangle so I say we can imagine that
the best of all possible those in the
same sense it's kind of like an abstract
object yeah well we like so I agree with
100% what you just said there that
triangles aren't actually like a feature
of the world triangles don't really
exist they're an idea constructed by
humans right right but if you're
comparing morality to that isn't that
like by definition like an anti realist
position morality isn't real it's just
things that we imagine and our intuition
is kind of sort of pointing us to like
an agreement for what that imagined
thing can be well no I would say that in
the same way that triangles objectively
the angles add up to 180 that's still an
objective fact about triangles even if
they don't exist we can say the same
thing about morality and the morality
has objective qualities to it which can
be described with what I was arguing and
in that sense it's objective yeah but
there's a best like there is a perfect
triangle yeah but like in a you know and
like a really fundamental sense like
like a form of moral anti-realism called
error theory would account for this so
like an error theorist might be a moral
anti-realist as as morality isn't real
however if we assume that it's real we
can construct some rules about it so for
instance given the idea that murder is
immoral we can say that if John murder
is franciene that john has committed
immoral act that is objectively
deductively true assuming that murder is
immoral but that that initial assumption
whatever axioms we build our our ethical
system off of those are going to be like
completely imaginary or immaterial or
even arbitrary I guess I guess like that
that feels like an anti realist position
to me more than than like a moral
realest position well we could take it
in that route and look at it like error
theory and say it's already false but
we're just gonna Chris Rock the model
but we can look at it the other way and
say it's assume it's true like an
undiscovered law of nature or something
or platonic objects actually exist and
there is this thing that we're
describing but I'm not taking the
position on that specifically it's kind
of like Newtonian mechanics where he
didn't describe what gravity was he says
we have this experience of this thing
and I'm gonna give a general description
of what it is I'm not gonna tell you
what it is I have no idea but I can
describe it so I'm doing the same thing
with morality when we see and experience
moral intuition moral progress I can
describe that and try to make a model to
describe like an equation to express
what this is that we're experiencing and
to try and give us a glimpse of what it
looks like kind of like Newton did where
he gave the Newtonian mechanics even
though he doesn't describe what it is so
I'm kind of doing the same thing I'm
just saying I don't know if we're how
the truly exists or not it could like an
undiscovered law of nature it might not
like error theory but I'm gonna try and
give the best description I can of these
things that we experience moral
intuition and moral progress
to give a centralized goal of what that
morality might be regardless of whether
or not exists okay so then essentially
then you're you're so going back
essentially than your definition of
morality is it basically like people are
given the opportunity to choose like the
best of all possible worlds where best
is defined as the things that give those
people the most options to construct
their world basically it might closer
well best the best of all possible
worlds is where everyone has the right
to choose and what they choose isn't
best or worse it's just that's what they
choose so the best part the best is just
the right to choose you have the right
to choose if you don't have a right to
choose that's not the best of all
possible worlds sure okay I mean I guess
I I guess I don't necessarily disagree
with any of that it just seems like a
very unsatisfying way to define or
defend the idea of like moral reality I
guess because if it feels to me like I'm
not saying you're doing this
intentionally or maybe even though
you're doing it but it feels like we've
almost swapped the idea that like people
have preferences in the Charter
my set preferences that we've kind of
swapped that and called that like a
moral truth that like people want to be
able to choose things so it seems like
it's probably a good thing like we kind
of just like jump from the is to the
ought there with no like description
like well it seems like people prefer
things so it's probably a good thing and
that's our mole fact and then like that
seems to be it or am I missing
not exactly so again when we look at all
the moral cases we can of what we
consider moral progress when we consider
like a trolley problem and the fat guy
trolley problem and the guy going into
the hospital problem and given up on
those organs if we look at all of those
cases they all have a similarity to them
which is this choice thing it's always
moral when it's a choice is always em
well when it's forced and against their
will and given the fact that this is a
similarity in every single one of the
problems and you can always get the
right answer if you use this property it
seems like this property could be
objective could be something that exists
as a fundamental part of nature
undiscovered law of nature if you want
or just an abstract description of the
most relatable idea of morality that we
have as humans but either way this does
seem to be a defining characteristic
that exists in our moral frameworks as
human beings now whether or not that's
actually good or not it just seems to be
the best thing that our the closest we
can get to an actual description of what
we are experiencing so you're saying
that like choice is like a fundamental
aspect of most moral questions or
whatever yes isn't sure but I mean isn't
that kind of like tautological like
isn't it by definition like don't we
need like can you really have morality
if agents don't have the ability to make
a choice between one thing or another
like isn't that kind of like
foundational so like for instance we
would never say or I maybe something
would but like a rock rolling off of a
hill and landing on somebody's head we
would never call that murder because the
rock never made a choice right so well I
would actually I would actually call
that immoral I would say that that world
is amoral compared to the best of all
possible worlds because in the best of
all possible you'd have the choice to
have it not be affected by a fall that
joins nature that is itself would be an
immorality sure but but but we wouldn't
say that the rock itself is like acting
in a moral way by rolling down a hill
right right
but it seems like to have a conversation
about morality it seems like we kind of
have to be able to make decisions
otherwise with no agency people don't
really consider
like you know you don't really have a
conversation about morality right well I
mean if I don't give you the option and
I'm going to harm you that is still an
immoral action so even though you don't
have a choice I have a choice in that
case and I'm restricting your choices so
there can still be immorality if there
isn't a choice in the victims case well
well but we don't measure morality by
the victim right we're talking about the
agent that's acting right when we
analyze the morality of any particular
person's action in order to do that it
seems to be a prerequisite that they
could have chosen something else
we typically wouldn't say that like oh
well this act is moral or immoral even
though you had no choice right like even
in law we kind of like if somebody's
being forced to do something for
instance we would say that well this is
like a lesser punishment for something
like this because I didn't really have a
choice it seems like choice is kind of
like you need that in order to morally
analyze somebody's anything no well I
would I would analyze it the other way I
think morality is dependent on the
person who you're helping or hurting not
your particular action so it's moral if
you do something that helps someone to
achieve their desires or wills but it's
immoral if you do something that harms
them and prevents them from achieving
their desires rules so I think that
morality is contingent on the one you're
effecting not your particular actions
like if you do an action that has no
effect on anyone it's not a moral action
it's just a moral umm I don't I don't
think so let's say for instance let's
say that I really hated my wife and I
really wanted to kill her and I decide
that I'm gonna go home one night I'm
gonna take a gun and I'm just gonna
shoot her dead I go home open the
bedroom I peek in and then I see her
shape under the covers and then I fire
you know six shots my pistol into the
bed and then I run away let's say that
she knew that I was gonna try to kill
her that night and she put a whole bunch
of pillows underneath the bedsheets
would you say that that action wasn't
him moral because as a consequence
somebody didn't get harmed or would you
say that the action was immoral because
the person was obviously going over the
intention to kill somebody and try to
kill somebody well I'd say the
intentions were immoral but the action
itself was a moral you didn't actually
do anything okay well I okay I feel like
we're getting in the weeds a little bit
so you would say that the intention of
the action but not the action itself was
immoral right right yeah because you had
the intention of restricting that
person's freedoms or harming them in
some way sure and since it was but still
be contingent on the effect of the
victim okay so but the but weak but when
we talk about morality
intentionality wait hold on let me back
up let me just understand once per
second so it sounds like when you're
describing morality you're using like
some sort of almost like universal frame
of reference so for instance like if a
rock falls on somebody who say that's
immoral because that person would have
chosen something different but that's
why yeah yeah so if they it would have
been better morally better if they'd
have had the option to say I would not
like to be hit on the rock and that's
the walk just like pass through them
like they're a ghost or whatever that
would be a morally superior option and
if the in the best of all possible owns
they would have that option since they
didn't they were being restricted by the
way this world is which is itself an
immorality compared to the best of all
possible worlds where they don't have
that restriction conscious because they
have so okay so okay I'm sorry I keep
resetting arguments to make sure I'm
completely following it so if I say
anything you disagreed you're gonna
waste on me right
okay so absolutely yeah so you're
essentially saying that and when I say
you're essentially saying I'm just
summarizing so correct me wrong right so
you're saying that the the best of all
possible worlds is constructed by people
that have the freedom to choose exactly
what they want and that generally when
we measure immorality we're talking
about things that restrict people's
ability to make those decisions to
voluntarily do something so like an
immorality would be something that takes
away somebody's right to do something
and the way that we get there is we say
that or one of the ways that you show
examples of this is that is it
intuitively it feels good to say that
somebody ought to be able to make a
choice over something versus having that
decision taken away from them by
somebody else so whether that's
murdering them and giving them not the
ability to their lives or taking the
[ __ ] or whatever something like that
right right okay so even okay so then
stepping about a little bit more
foundationally why is it that just
because we need to talk about choice I
guess in order to make like in order to
make moral decisions right we need to
choose ffunny or B which is like a
voluntary thing why is the fact that we
can express an idea or express like a
preference towards like being able to
choose things why does that mean that
morality exists why why can't I just be
like a biological description of who we
are why does that require or I shouldn't
say required but like why would you
explain that using like a moral fact
instead of a scientific one well you
could describe it in terms of like a
scientific material fact that would
still fit into my model because my model
is again just saying
based off of all the things we
experienced in all of them philosophical
problems when we look at these here's
the commonality it's always about choice
you can'tyou like you said and you can't
really talk about morality without
choice they're kind of ingrained they're
like the same thing yeah and I would say
that's as they are the same thing you
need the choice that is what makes
morality moral and I you don't need to
again this is not a proof of more
morality we have terrible evidence for
objective morality all you have is moral
intuition and moral progress that's
terrible evidence but when I look at it
like when scientists looked at light and
and tried to explain it thousands of
years ago here is the best analysis I
can come up with the give a description
of what it might be and it seems more
plausible than the other description so
it's it's based on bad evidence just
moral intuition more progress but when
we look at these and we see the
connections it seems like there's only
one similarity that exists in all of the
examples and this choice thing and so it
seems like if morality exists if it's
like an actual thing like an
undiscovered law of nature or grounded
in the God or whatever you want to call
it the similarity what makes it moral is
this choice thing this is the central
idea of what morality fundamentally is
whether it's a real thing or just an
error theory kind of construction okay
um yeah I guess I don't I guess I don't
necessarily disagree I think you're
saying it's just what you call morality
I would just say can be explained with
like I guess like descriptive facts of
like people of like biological organisms
that given they experience some
environments and given they have the
opportunity to choose 15 different
environments they would tend to choose
environments that give them like a
better sensation but yeah but I guess
like you you would say that those
choices I guess are moral ones or are
there's some more moral fact that
underlies those decisions and I would
just say like that's just a biological
reality of those creatures or it do you
so let me go a little bit deeper that I
would say that there are certain kind of
moral systems that are less immoral than
this system I would say that my system
that I'm presenting is objectively more
moral or a better system than other
systems that essentially impose
restrictions on people like slavery or
torture or whatever anyone who says
those are good that moral system is
objectively less moral than my moral
system but the only way that you get
there is ultimately to appeal to some
intuition you have not anything that we
can ever like right out or like
objectively analyze and in any way size
shape or form right
well I would say that if we look at all
the philosophical problems and we use
the different moral models to try and
solve all the philosophical problems
you're gonna get in consumer they're
gonna come up with the wrong answer
essentially the wrong answer in certain
cases where mine is always going to come
up with the one that we see is probably
the more moral outcome so it seems like
my moral system can answer all of the
moral problems better more accurately
more consistently than any other system
I mean yeah I mean I guess I don't
disagree but it feels like your moral
system literally encompasses like every
single possible outcome of reality so
like so of course it would right so like
let's say for instance like one guy were
to argue that like my totalitarian state
is the most moral state and another
person were to argue my ultra my direct
democracy state is like the more moral
state and then people were to go to you
and say well what do you think using
your morality what would you evaluate
it's a better one you say well the one
that gives you more freedom and then or
deve the more voluntary choices and then
the democratic guy would say like oh
cool well my system is better and then
you go well no actually either one can
be the best because you could choose the
totalitarian state like it seems like
almost vacuous to say that you could
choose literally anything and as long as
you have the ability to choose its moral
well right when you're only talking
about individuals in those cases yes but
when you encompass multiple purposes
than no so for example the guy who
creates the totalitarian state and the
guy who creates the democratic state
that's perfectly fine no morality here
but then you look at the other people
like if I want to choose to go to one of
those either ones fine it's not immoral
either way but if the totalitarian tries
to force people to go into his that's
immoral you can't do that you can't
force people into a totalitarian state
now if they voluntarily choose it
there's nothing anymore with that going
back to my original example if you let
people choose action acts even if it's
to go to a totally totalitarian state
there's nothing wrong with them choosing
to do it if you force them to do it
that's wrong so I have no problem with
him created a totalitarian state if
that's what wants we can't force anybody
to go to it that's where my model
creates the distinction where it's not
just allowing anything it's only
allowing anything that is consensual
hasn't even sensual forts so in terms of
like from an apply position would you be
like some sort of a narco like like a
libertarian what a taco capitalist Noam
Chomsky no so from my position to apply
this we would just look at it kind of
like a triangle like we can't draw a
perfect triangle some positive question
we can't you
the idea of a perfect triangle together
close as possible get it like pretty
close so what I would say we can use the
idea of the best of all possible worlds
even if we can't achieve it because
totally impossible for us to create
worlds for everyone we can look at
saying things like stoplights say it's
immoral to stop to force people to use
stoplights against their consent so as
soon as we all have self-driving cars
and it's no longer a risk to not have
them we should get rid of them it should
give people the freedom to not have to
stop at them when we no longer need that
when they no longer apply benefit or to
take animals like killing animals I
consider animals to be moral beings and
killing them to be wrong so once we no
longer need that to survive I would say
it's immoral to kill animals we should
stop killing animals because that which
is closer to the best of all possible
worlds so we use this as an abstract
ideal and see how can we give people the
most freedom and most choice or any
animals or any beans the most freedom
and most choice to get us closer to that
ideal and that's how we pragmatically
apply it in this reality ok ok I'm kind
of curious so here's like a crazy
hypothetical let's say that um you had a
society and in this society you
restricted people from from entering a
door and that was like your one rule for
the society let's say that walking
through that door if you do it let's say
that you you fall off a cliff and you
die in this society let's say that
people express like a like a discomfort
or they're not there they don't like the
idea that they're not allowed to walk
through the store but they're never
given a reason why which world would you
argue is like more morally perfect the
world where people are allowed to walk
through the door and then they die and
not knowing what's beyond the door or
the world where nobody's allowed to and
they're like freedom's are restricted
there and they're supposed to stand the
other side and just not worry about it
this is kind of absurd but through them
both them all because they both have
restrictions one is walking through the
door and dying whether or not you
consent to it and the other one is
walking to the door so I probably say
the blogging is the door and dying is
more and more or less worse but the
walking through the but not being able
to walk through the door is also immoral
so it's not as immoral as walking to the
door and I gotcha ok and if I were to
ask you let's say that you were given
the opportunity to walk through the door
knowing that what was on the other side
you'd probably say people should be
allowed to make that choice right yes
and then if I were to ask you what if
these people had children with should
they be allowed to walk through the door
and die you would argue no they
shouldn't be allowed to and it would
seem like a contradiction but you'd say
in reality you're restricting the future
freedoms of your children so you
shouldn't be allowed to do that because
you'd be negatively impacting them
I'm guessing right well I'd say that the
children have a cognitive restriction
that is applied to them by nature when
they don't have the fact will we be able
to make decisions like that and so we
restrict them as again pragmatic nature
but if they were born fully intelligent
and yeah they should have used tell them
about it no I'm saying like if a parent
wanted to walk through the door leaving
children behind you would say that there
they should be restricted here because
it would adversely impact the children
right no I would not say that I would
say they should have the right to walk
to the door like suicide I think that as
a visual you should have the right to be
able to kill yourself and not having
that right would be immoral wait so how
so if somebody had like three children
and they were all living at home you
think that person should be able to just
walk out and kill themselves yes it
would be immoral because they would be
harming the children from the pragmatic
limitations of this world but yes I
think they should have that right even
if they what at what if their what if
their killing of themselves would result
like in the deaths of those children
would that still be like it'd still be a
moral thing it would just be a moral and
moral or it would be like to stop by the
example which we can force them to stop
because that's going to harm others but
it's still a more force than the stop
they should have the right to do it okay
okay I think that's like I think it's
one of the other questions I am alright
so do you how does it how does my
morality sound does it sound decent as a
sound reasonable do you understand it
does it make sense is it a good
comparison to other moralities I mean so
personally I'm a moral anti-realist
which is already like a fringe because
it kind of friend I think it's like a
quarter of philosophers are more or less
serious and I don't read any [ __ ]
books or anything so I wouldn't be able
to tell you the positions it I guess
like the main problem that I have is it
sounds like it's like weave it sounds
like we kind of like jumped over like an
is our thing so we've kind of said that
like most people on planet earth seem to
prefer to make choices so a world the
best of all possible worlds would be a
place where people can make those
choices whatever choices they want
therefore I guess that's just a moral
fact it feels like we we would like like
we've taken these descriptions of people
the is--is people tend to prefer to make
choices people want to choose of things
that optimize their utility and whatever
given way therefore it ought to be good
that people can make choices it feels
like we that
just kind of did that I guess all right
so my response to the is odd fact value
distinction is that my model of morality
is just is statement so I say the what
is moral is the description of the best
of all possible worlds that's native
statement there's no odds statement
there so when I describe morality I'm
saying we can rate people on a moral
system or a world on a moral system in
respect to the best of all possible
worlds
no one ought we ought to do it or we
should be compelled to do it I don't
really address that I'm just saying
that's like richness I can rate how rich
you are on a scale based on how much
money you had before and how much money
you have now and whether or not that's a
good thing or whether or not you want to
pursue rich this I don't really care
about because I'm just using that ISM as
a standard I can just measure you on it
so morality I see is the same kind of a
thing it's just a measurement system not
an aunt system not implied but that's
that's my minority position kind of like
dan did it calls it a strange inversion
of reasoning I think we should get rid
of the odd simply completely and just
say morality is a set of in statements
about what the world ideal world should
be like I me and I guess but then why I
guess then it's not really it's not
really morality then right if it's just
like a description of the world like
morality where we derive like what
statements from you ought to do this
particular thing or you should value
this thing where you should act in this
way right well right well I think that's
the kind of the problem is that most
people anthropomorphize morality into a
sense that we should ought to do things
and I'm a determinist I don't think we
have any free world of choices at all so
it makes absolutely no sense in that
case I would even agree with you that
it's kind of a anti cognitivist position
that if we don't really have any true
choices and we're all determined to do
things then and you define morality
based on choices and oughts in that way
then it makes no sense but I think we
can define morality as more of like
compatibles position and say we have
some range of choices and we can state
all of these as is statements we don't
need the author we can just say this is
the ideal way the world could be here
like just like this is the ideal way a
triangle could be and then we can say
our world it's far away from that and we
can rate it on the system and then
that's just morality you don't need the
odds in there it's kind of an
unnecessary thing for me yeah I mean I I
don't I don't think I disagree at all
but I mean I guess I got so like my
position that I call myself as my meme
crinch it is it's called descriptive
egoism so basically like everybody has
some set of preferences that they seek
to fulfill if you want to go a step
further you
you have something called ethical egoism
which says we ought to fulfill our
desires which is even more vacuous in
the prior thing because obviously
everybody is always trying to fulfill
their desires but yeah I mean I guess I
just recognize it as that but it sounds
like if I just called that morality I'm
pretty close to what your position is
that the best of all possible worlds is
a world where everybody can kind of
maximize their own personal I guess
choices I guess yeah I guess I just
wouldn't I don't know if it's like a
semantic distinction or I guess I just
wouldn't call that morality because it
seems like most people have like a
different idea of what morality is that
it implies either something immaterial
or or some sort of odd statement that we
can command people to do or whatever
yeah I definitely agree with you there
most people's idea of morality is comes
from like that being grounded into God
or something like that and that's one of
my main tensions is that I don't think
we should grant that I don't think that
I think that a theist should try and
make an argument yeah we can have an
objective morality we don't need a God
for that there's plenty of ways to do
that so why are we granting that
morality has to be there's some kind of
supernatural thing like it doesn't make
any sense to me so I say no we don't
need that we can still have objective
morality and here's one of the ways to
do it okay all right yeah I mean I don't
know I think we'd pretty much understand
each other yeah I think so
you're muted but you look like whatever
you're saying you're real happy to say
it you always look happy though
thank you I appreciate you point yes we
I was muted I'm thrilled to be back this
has been really enjoyable so with that
we will go to the Q&A thanks so much
everybody for your questions I spoke to
ask these and we've got a good mix so
first up reading off the super chest I
forgot to mention at the start will read
the super chats off we put them at the
top of the list you can make comments as
well Steven Steen thanks for your super
chat he says anyone noticed James made
me the lover in spouse of the character
he put his face on in the thumbnail
subconscious desires that's pretty funny
and sick but yes Stevens seen it thanks
for that super chat is actually kind of
a little bit of the entire time when I
was down there in the walkies non-stop I
do talk about Stephen a lot he's the
benevolent troll I like him so
sorry Wilson thanks for your super chat
he said James 15 years of Oh a world of
war World of Warcraft
give your best Leroy Jenkins I don't I
wish I knew who that is I'm embarrassed
to say I'm so behind on gaming that I
don't know who do you guys know who you
boys Incans is yeah and of course yeah
he's out to us who's out to your
audience sorry uh I think yeah I asking
you and Tom yeah it's like a meme you
want to go for it go for yeah it's just
it's a meme from World of Warcraft some
guy basically gets us all party killed
being an idiot wait are they calling me
Leroy Jenkins okay so next up thanks to
that super jet legs rider thanks for
subscribing sorry Joe and glad to have
you here Parker C stoked to have you
thanks for subscribing as well and
anybody if I missed you we're glad to
have you here no matter what your view
is Tyler Durden thanks for your question
they asked for Tom please demonstrate a
moral quote/unquote truth demonstrate
that it's true not that lots of people
agree with the statement I can't
demonstrate us to right now it's
something we don't have scientific
access to evaluate so I'm just making
judgments based off of the best evidence
we have which is moral intuition world
progress so I can't demonstrate it if I
could
we wouldn't be debating it would just be
science you got it and thanks so much
Walter White thanks for your question he
says which you agree that because humans
are social animals evolution thus
selects for individuals who are able to
cooperate in large groups and that is a
kind of objective morality yes and no I
mean when people use the term objective
especially in the context of like
theists debates okay when they say
objective they mean it exists
independent of our opinions including
our minds which are result of evolution
so when you use objective in the sense
that it's independent to thought or
opinion that wouldn't qualify as
objective when you're using objective in
that way you got it all right and I
think it might be applicable to death
as well while he's away it gives me a
chance I've been trying to promote this
I had like it's every time every time
I've tried to promote this something
about it screwed up so I want to mention
really quick we have basically gotten a
patreon and I'm gonna put a screenshot
of our patreon right now basically this
is the second tier of our patreon the
first one is $2 I know a lot of people
really want to see this channel succeed
and we appreciate it so much you guys
honestly I love you guys even if you're
not in patreon you only have one I'm
fine
even if you never do patreon just want
to let you know we appreciate you so
much like I uh you know we had that
stickiness with the audio for a couple
weeks and you guys have been so loyal in
staying here and I'm just like oh thank
you so much for your patience and grace
but I do want to mention a lot of people
a lot of you have been so supportive of
the channel I know you wanted to see it
succeed and so this is a way that you
can help contribute to the channel is
patreon basically we have the $2 tier is
the first one and then we are kind of
looking for like what types of rewards
would people really enjoy on patreon
because we want it we want you to kind
of have the steering wheel on that like
frankly I'm want to conform to whatever
you guys think is cool as a possible
like reward or payback for your help on
patreon as of now one thing we thought
of is our like hope I hope that's
helpful is general admission level is
just like five bucks a month and that
basically will give you Q a priority so
immediately after the super chats are
read so like right now we would read one
of your questions that you would post on
patreon and we would read it and say hey
this is from our general admission tier
and then basically however many people
are on there will read through all of
them and that way I just know that
sometimes people are like oh man like
you know I don't sue perch ads very
often and this is a way that you could
just do five bucks and you can have one
of the you know first questions up there
on the list each debate for just five
bucks a month which is like you know
Stephen C and give a five you know like
it you can give a five dollar super chat
single debate or $5 within a month and
then you'll be one of the top questions
for each discussion point so we're
excited about that with that we are
considering like I do want to know if
you guys have opinions I'm checking out
the live chat keeping an eye for what
you guys are thinking what like what
would be valuable would you guys like
appreciate like audio like mp3s of the
debate which you find other things more
valuable to you or helpful to you we
have considered doing a podcast and
putting them all on pod beam but we're
kind of like oh maybe I don't know if
people would actually use it we've
considered like a live Q&A session where
people get asked questions like hey how
do you use the software or what do you
what's your opinion on this because we
try I try to keep my opinions secret in
a sense at least during the debates all
that sorts of stuff and Tioga art thanks
for your super chat they said this
theory talk is great thanks have a good
day
stoked that you've enjoyed it that's
really appreciate that feedback Tioga
art and destiny now you guys alright Oh
totally cool I hope everything's okay
it's a basically I can read this
question for you and you can have a
chance to respond to it as well
uh-huh so the question was just to give
you a refresher would you agree that
because humans are social animals
evolution selects for individuals who
are able to cooperate in large groups
and that this is kind of objective
morality I mean if I mean like well my
problem is it feels very semantic like
usually when I think of morality I think
of a hot statement like we ought to do
something like descriptively or
normatively it seems like probably being
able to participate in groups gives you
a higher chance to like pass on your
genes so it's probably like good in
reference to like whether or not your
genes survive but I don't know if that
makes it morally good yeah but yeah it's
like I wouldn't call that morality but I
mean I guess you could have you really
wanted to I just I don't it doesn't seem
to conform to any definition of morality
that I'm aware of
gosh yeah and just had I'm sorry Wilson
sent a super chat in he asked for both
is Steve
a safe moral I mean it depends on a
whole I mean like if you still a safe
full of food to feed a bunch of starving
children probably if you still a safe
because you're just trying to get rich
and probably not it can be moral and it
cannot be moral depends on the situation
yeah like for example maybe you're
stealing this safe in a like a game or
something and you're supposed to do it
because it's part of the game like sure
why not
God sure thanks so much and I'm sorry
Wilson thanks for your he said can
either of you do can either Tom or
definitely do a an impression of Leroy
Jenkins no I'm okay Tommy when it's
right I'm gonna go with destiny on this
one okay make sure that Tioga art thanks
for your super chat just came in they
asked can we define quote aught
statements and axioms please alright
well I mean like I guess an axiom is
like a foundational statement that kind
of stands on its own without
justification there might be like a more
formal definition of that and then what
statements are like a statement that we
would consider like morally virtuous I
guess or something that kind of like
conforms design do we consider virtually
so like you ought to be kind to people
you ought to help the poor you ought not
to murder or something like that guys
yeah I'm Chris Paul sauce excellent
thanks so much
next up cardomom coffee thanks for your
question they asked would you agree that
because humans are social oh sorry I was
reading the wrong one does t jump think
bestiality is moral or immoral and if he
jumped one day committed sorry sir if
Tom jump
one day committed bestiality would he be
moral or immoral if he did it
do you have scientific proof for
morality well I'd say animals are kind
of like children they don't have the
intellectual capability
sent so if animals eventually developed
the intellectual capability then they'd
be like aliens and there'd be nothing
wrong with alien sex at all as long as
they have the ability to consent you bet
thanks so much praise I am that I am
thanks for your question he said
question to destiny is my question to
Disney is if our rocks moral if not
doesn't that demonstrate the ontology of
morals cannot be contingent on
space-time or matter no it could just
say that there is no such thing as
morality at all I mean like so like I'm
not I don't believe in the immaterial at
all so if something isn't like
space-time or matter then I don't think
that it exists or if it does exist I
don't think we can have knowledge of it
guys yeah thanks so much
next up 20 faces I saw you in the super
in the chats forgive me I'm looking for
your question man I'm for some reason I
can't find it but I'll keep looking but
in the meantime puffle of Vegas thanks
for your question this is for Tom what
of that what of that person what if that
person was killed by the rock did want
to die ie they were on the way to commit
suicide would the rock based death still
be immoral no that it would probably be
moral because though the universe has
helped them out in that way gotcha
thanks for that and next up Stanislaus
bolongo thanks for your question for Tom
jump we need more for destiny we're
gonna us uh sure questions for destiny
to the front of line the next one's for
destiny but just looking for more they
asked for Tom do you personally value
other people being able to choose in
which world they live in and if so why
yes because I this is my view of
morality so I value it intrinsically and
so I think they should have that and so
I value their right to have that you got
it thanks so much
next up Stanislaus bolongo thanks for
your question and this is for destiny he
asks have you heard of REMS analogy of
non cognitive ISM and if so what do you
think about it
no but I I mean reminiscing I think this
is a trill donation REM is a friend of
mine but I'm pretty sure he's a more
realistic saying no no to be so dumb I
would be my imagination but I'm not sure
guys yeah okay next up we have another
question for surprise Tom okay I always
try to wonder I'm like is it because
they're like trying to learn more about
it or is it because they veha mentally
oppose the person but ask Tom jump where
he objectively draws the line of who has
the ability to consent like an age group
I have no idea and kind of leave that up
to biology and science I don't really
know I just go with the legal definition
cuz that's all I really have the
qualifications to say gosh yeah and with
that we have actually run out of
questions so that's uh we appreciate
everybody's questions and I think this
is good because you can kind of try to
respect the debaters time I know they've
got a lot to do so we want to he said
genius tracks just sent one in though he
said just wanted you to tell both guys
for me that this discussion was a great
display of intellectual honesty as
opposed to trying to win or something
really nice so hopefully and I would say
yeah you guys if I can give you guys
kudos as well I really enjoyed this
because you guys are just like well
let's like sift through the issues which
as you know it's very clear that you
guys are seasoned debaters because
sometimes people get in and they're like
I am desperate to show that you were
wrong and it's they get emotionally
heated but Brian Stevens thanks to your
super chatty ask who has more moral vash
or millions knives who was more moral
vash or millions knives
these are animate characters I don't
even think I've watched all over try
guns so I'm not even sure gosh yeah yeah
okay so - Jeremy he's the good guy right
so I guess yeah photological no but okay
well thanks so much we appreciate it I
want to let everybody know we appreciate
you being here it's honestly a joy and
especially thanks to the debaters as
they've come on here and it's always
been a blast to have both of them not
only are there links in the border as
you can see right next to their name you
can type youtube.com slash t jump or
destiny but you can also just click
their links in the description and I
will be adding I think I just remembered
right now I will be adding the other
social media so Tom's on Twitter and
then testing of course is on Twitch so I
will be adding those links as well in
just a moment so with that gentlemen
thanks again for coming on and any last
words before we say goodbye thanks for
having me on I really appreciate it
thanks for destiny for coming on and
having the conversation I really enjoyed
it yeah thanks a lot I appreciate it
absolutely take care everybody keep
sifting out the reasonable from the
unreasonable we'll see you next time all
right thanks a lot guys bye thanks take
care see it [ __ ] that was really
important I feel like I don't disagree
that he said but I mean it kind of just
feels like he took like a position
similar to mine and he just says that
his is like a moral fact but but then he
says that like his morality has no odd
statements so I don't I don't know but
okay Oh talked around um if I must come
on and talk he's got two minutes to talk
I don't want to do like 12 hours of okay
you've got three minutes okay ready set
go I don't know and I don't understand
why I didn't tell him on a bunch of his
crap that is he's basically saying
literally nothing of use and he's just
well yeah well that was kind of what I
was saying cuz he even went as far as to
say impress that presa moment because
the issue with this is that he's doing
the whole Sam Harris thing where he
essentially it's like oh well really I'm
using a different definition well not
even though he's he's taking an even
weaker position as I'm here so Sam
Harris says that gap is bridged by
science and this guy essentially said
well I don't even need to bridge that
gap we don't need a lot to be to see
more losses
like he's having this prescriptivists
sort of attitude where we sort of have
to recognize that morality isn't a
system of odds and I mean really that's
the important discussion there that I
don't feel tonight li challenged him on
but other he's like I do see that as a
very dangerous type of view that he's on
there espousing that he clearly can't
back up in any sort of meaningful way
I mean you can I mean I guess like if I
really wanted to push him because he
kind of weasel out of this a couple
times as I'm really curious like how
does he make moral statements to other
people like how do you tell another
person what you ought to do like no I
would literally just say well he would
say people should build their best world
or something I don't know I mean but you
should have pressed him on is the whole
ideal thing he's talking about an ideal
world right which is the value Laden and
you can't define what is an ideal world
without becoming viciously circuit well
yeah but he does he says that well an
ideal world it seems like we have this
intuition that people prefer to make
choices so when everybody's free to make
choices then yeah deal world well but
yeah but I so if you're relying purely
on moral intuition I mean that in itself
is you know you're you still don't have
to face the Azoth gap in which case
you're basically just choosing an
arbitrary thing that you want to assign
to ideal like I could say you know the
world in which I have the maximum number
of [ __ ] you know cheeseburgers is my
ideal world like yeah but he would
appeal to a broad intuition and say that
most people don't have an intuition to
maximum like so then again so if he's
trying to appeal to you know the masses
and say that whatever the masses feel is
ultimately going to be somehow correct
he then has to defend that view in which
case II you know all the sudden you
can't you can't stay in the iza's right
because your decision to focus on what
the majority wants is itself some sort
of value judgment so it just it all it
all completely collapses once you start
pushing and pushing on them - well I
mean eventually he'll retreat to that
intuitive like circular base where he
says like well intuitively people seem
like we're in a decision come up with an
absurd alternative that he can't
possibly refute and then you like what
ask them to call like buy cheeseburgers
example well yeah they would say like
intuitively most people don't seem to
prefer cheeseburgers and I would say
both [ __ ] cares why should that
matter because what matters is well most
people seem to intuitively
but that's just completely at Circular
and so I can use my cycle example I say
that the ideal world has cheeseburger
hey Rams
you want to know with some real I [ __ ]
all meta ethics is circular that's why
it's some lame-ass [ __ ] that's time
three minutes is up all right final
words for the chat what do you got and
thanks for the host yesterday by the way
oh yeah no problem but I appreciated
that yeah so follow me
okay bye
but um I feel like I've spent like it
just like I don't I never really wanted
to get into an issue
