set up a REM verse Batman oh [ __ ] hey
yeah hold on you could talk to that dude
where's mr. Batman at oh there he is
do I know what everything ultimately
depends on yes um I'll see if I can get
the nature I would say for something to
exist
I guess existence itself no what does
everything ultimately depend on for its
being existence that doesn't answer the
question what is that can something
exist without not existing that's a law
of identity usually that's not it you're
not see what you're doing right now it's
because you're afraid to answer the
question right they said what is the
ultimate nature upon which all
contingencies depend I'm waiting for an
answer what is the ultimate nature of
reality on which all contingent
statements depend I said if I don't know
if I say I don't know what that appease
you I'm looking for an honest answer
okay what is your answer what wouldn't
engines all right I'm just gonna have to
turn this guy down so I don't either
just with mr. Batman what is the
ultimate nature of reality that provides
for the meaningfulness or
intelligibility of
any continuous statement if I answer
your questions will you not you I'm
waiting for an answer okay handsome and
asking questions so fast to give me
everybody here that he says he doesn't
know good well he's an you're going to
have you're going to have to sit there
and you're my friends quiet as a
non-christian because any assertion that
you make is without ultimate context
therefore there is no ultimate meaning
to any statement of contingency that you
may can I ask you one simple question
yes you realize the concept
munches on what you have just conceded
to yes now can I ask you one simple
question yeah mm-hmm
okay do you use your observations to
interpret the Bible okay okay all right
we're gonna I'm gonna move down to the
really conversation the room below
because we have too many drive-bys ha ha
ha hi hi hey Dad can I ask you a
question um are you ready to converse
like a big boy yeah I'm a big boy I just
want to ask a question I said are you
ready to debate like like a grown-up
yeah I'm ready to debate like a grown-up
and you realize that you previously oven
I'm sure dice can I ask you a question
is that it honest answer yes Darth okay
can you tell me how you perceive the
revelations of God how do I perceive it
with my eyes so can you tell me how you
can trust your eyes why because God has
ordained that I don't question the basic
reliability of my sense perception can
you tell me how you can perceive God
ordaining you to trust your eyes by I
don't have to perceive it just circular
he said this yesterday and that's it's
it's not an issue because ultimately you
can circularity comes prior to any sort
of notion don't of course that's true of
all axiomatic believes that I that I
automatically trust my basic sense
perception is ordained of God cool so is
mine so how is opposition let me ask you
that you so is yours you told me you
didn't know what the ultimate serious
please don't refer to conversations that
we had weeks ago and just focus on this
altima see of reality is no it's not a
phrase I've ever heard before
okay okay what provides the ultimate
context for any contingent statement
that you made can you please explain
that statement more dark I think I made
it very clear what is the ultimate
nature of reality I don't know how to
answer it tell me did you tell me don't
you
strawman you're gonna learn real quick
let me tonight tight we're not going
listen if you're not going to if you're
not going to converse like an adult on
me you will you will be server muted
okay
now we've already had at least four
instances where you don't conduct
yourself like like an adult okay if you
want to be cheesy if you want to be
sleazy then the conversation is over
now in our first and our second debate
you didn't conduct yourself this way
because you didn't realize what was
gonna hit you between the eyes but now
you're playing you're a little sleazy
game well I don't play by your rules I
play by my role I'm Darth would you be
willing to have like a private call with
me in it and destiny so we're not
constantly talked over by other people
in this voice right I'm actually popped
over because I will nude anybody and by
the way destiny has been time stopped
himself like all things can't get away
there's NASA their discussion that's
going to go on that issue right now your
conversation okay okay now notice what
they notice when I ask simple questions
people are entirely tonight and we
continue the conversation that we had in
the other room what conversation is that
where I asked you do you use your
observations to interpret the Bible I'm
not seeing who's speaking
you guys are a are art when you invoke
observation do they do they mean
something in your why are you answering
my question
okay yes I'm okay bye-bye you guys are
strong Manning to know that our eyes are
ultimately a reliable sorrow that's
right
Darth would you agree with that
statement
um are you trying to have a conversation
again yeah yeah okay can you tell me
what your world is honestly I'm I don't
know if I totally adhere to uh I try to
explore different positions try to see
the pros and cons of them okay everyone
everyone has a basic worldview even even
if it isn't crystallized okay all right
well I believe okay
listen sir listen you're gonna learn
real fast that I don't put up with
childishness down I have a delay on my
yeah you're going to be serving muted
very quickly go ahead now do you believe
in God no I do not okay do you deny the
existence of God or lack belief in God I
am mighty you want God and most things
metaphysical I believe that we can't
really have any sort of knowledge most
dental reality including the existence
of God infinity you lack belief in God I
guess so I lack belief in God I'd say
that's a grand penis do you lack belief
in God because God is the - crashing
justifiable I lacked belief in God
because I believe that ultimately any
sort of knowledge that transcends our
experience is gonna be dogmatic in some
fashion and is either going to be
totally vacuous because we can't
actually justify the rational the
rationality of metaphysical outside of
the system of which they're contrived so
it all becomes ultimately vacuous
there's no way to argue against it but I
could complete an equally other vacuous
position that says like God doesn't
exist and that there is no categorical
ends and everything's totally
hypothetical and I would say that the
person who believes in God we then have
no way to argue against me because my
position is deeply vacuous yeah so so
you're telling me that all of your
assertions are vacuous no no no no no I
was saying that the reason I I lack of
belief in God is because I believe that
position just being tell you one more
time okay listening to me I ask you a
straightforward question I don't need a
Community College soliloquy okay now it
is hard because they can do it again you
will be you will be sober me that I'm
asking you okay I'm complex questions
okay go ahead ask it again
right now since you since you lack
belief in God how are you able to make
your ultimate me intelligible students I
deny that who can make metaphysically
intelligible statement thank you we're
done okay he denies that he can make
intelligible statements but that
statement that he just made is
metaphysically intelligibility that's
okay
that's self refuting so we're done he
just stepped on his own landline did you
just mute him yeah I did well he simply
said he made that he made the following
statement okay he says he denies that
any metaphysically intelligible
statements can be made now is that
statement intelligible it's not
metaphysically intelligible you know
pretty thick Edo Craddock if he denies
I don't think we should allow statement
can be made then he can't make that
statement so the fact is he's so obtuse
he doesn't realize this is this argument
is like saying someone is like do you
think you can do calculus and I and
somebody goes no I don't think I can do
calculus at all and they go if you can't
do calculus how could you say that you
can't do calculus because that's
calculus checkmate and we'll make it
clear we're gonna we're gonna drop that
read about that to peace if he denied
[Music]
well then why did he say that done
that's self refuting it game over do you
need to believe in God in order to make
any statement make sense
if one is going to claim that they're
predications are metaphysically viable
and intelligible they're going to need
to provide what the ultimate context is
that provides for the intelligibility of
any stipulation even one word wait wait
a second who the hell keeps screaming
penis in the [ __ ] chat and I didn't
see why you've been talking and we're
trying to find out just just everyone
identify who's doing it and what will be
whoa I was kind of notification to unlap
that those accounts ban no I can just
see I could just see you in the hall
panting okay isn't this isn't this
amazing these people come to the table
and they want to make a claim well I
lack belief in God because blah blah
blah blah blah blah blah and then they
say
I deny that we can actually make
basically anything you wanna mess with
yeah but what were those states what was
that statement I mean I mean these
people it's amazing they're just walking
contradiction okay so do we do we have
any other skeptics in here want to say
that apart from the Christian God of a
Christian all views you can make
metaphysically viable statement amazing
we have 61 people and not one
knuckle-dragging
atheist can assert that he can make
metaphysically intelligent estate
everyone's me what do you consider to be
metaphysical metaphysical the word meta
means above and physical of course means
physical it means that which is above
nature or that which ultimately accounts
or is the foundation for that what's the
foundation of nature you're asking me
the the laws of logic are what reflect
the mind and character of God and
including how he constructed this world
okay all right I can't really expand on
that I know I'm an e justification for
laws of logic either are you an atheist
I'm agnostic is a better word okay well
is any justification viable not
completely no oh really and how did you
justify that statement
I can't completely justify that
statement then why did you assert it
well you can't serve much without
presupposing things and you know is that
true
I think it to be true okay okay so
basically you made that those statements
because you imagined them
yes and when you made that statement
you imagine that yeah I gotta get you in
with mr. Batman next I'm I'm like like I
thought he wasn't as stupid as you know
maybe I originally thought but he asks
me like why don't you believe in these
and I gave him an answer that is
probably the most common answer in
philosophy and it has been such for like
300 years so yeah I don't think he's he
doesn't do philosophy right what he does
is he has like a like I'm saying script
not as like an insult but he literally
has I think like a dialogue tree this is
why he asks so many questions his goal
is to get you to answer a certain
questions certain way and then once
you've done that he can ask you
questions that all lead to his
conclusion and that's like his whole
style of rhetoric you know great why
even bother talking to him it's like
going up today done no dude I can't
resist outing off anything I can't help
myself from I don't know why these types
of people no but he can't serve him
usually so I was crazy dude oh my god
I've messaged them both and say hey
friend I just want to talk and you know
neither of responding to me it's just I
like because I understand his argument
God allows us to know that our eyes
because the circularity is clear
yeah but the thing is that he allows
himself to be circular but he won't
allow someone else to be circular that
which makes his position entirely
[ __ ] ridiculous but then any time you
tried to point that out he keeps like a
lot of the times when you ask him so I
think this is like really telling right
when you ask him like well how do you
perceive God's revelation
he'll just state something that God does
he doesn't actually answer the question
be like well God makes his acts directly
known through Baba's like okay well how
how do you perceive it right well and
then ultimately when you get him back to
a sense perception thing then he has to
admit that his position is circular but
for some reason you won't let you do the
same and if you back him into that he'll
meet you like that's what he does yeah
no no he's an idiot
that's just what it is and it's not like
it's not like someone is missing like
some core part of his argument or that
there's some hidden crimes
revealing it now he's just a [ __ ]
idiot
so if anyone knows start Dawkins and he
actually wants to sit down and now I
know what he does not what he does Wow
celebrity many attention because um I
didn't know this until like a month ago
but people take like discord servers
like the sizes and [ __ ] like very
[ __ ] seriously and the owner of that
server is called sass and the dude is a
massive [ __ ] ego and what they do is
they'll let Darth stay in their server
and then they give him God and [ __ ] yeah
because they want to get more people in
the server and you see like Darth like
brings a crowd so like yeah so mods will
always like cut themselves to give him
like admin and [ __ ] on servers so that
he can mute people I can empathize with
that because like I run a server and
user count is important yes but I mean
but when you're cutting I solved that
hard that's [ __ ] sad we send
dumbasses to the gulag constantly like
you that kind of hit just does not fly
and anywhere but that sort of place it's
just really building like casis pent
does he get like what does he have a job
I don't know I think he's retired you
can find YouTube videos of him doing
this [ __ ] like three years ago like he
does this [ __ ] like this is what he does
all day long does he think that this is
how he's gonna get to heaven I don't
know I think honestly I think he might
actually be like mentally disturbed like
that wouldn't surprise me if he if there
was something going on well it's it's
it's I don't know it's really tough to
label like someone the reason really
rated to leave no no but it's not the
beliefs it's the behavior is what I'm
focused on the beliefs or whatever it's
the idea that like I remember the first
time I met him when I came back the
second time and had to debate with him I
walked into a random discord and he was
talking about it six hours later like he
does this [ __ ] all day every day 24/7
like he's always doing this like I feel
like that's me there's got to be like
some really unhealthy like pathology or
some [ __ ] there like there's no way that
like a normal person would elect to do
this right right like like someone first
getting into philosophy it's Steve
what's the effect called where you when
you start out in a certain field you
feel like you you've got it all um I
mean I know what you're talking about
the colloquial phrase I've heard is
Mountain [ __ ]
know when you've learned it's when
you've learned just enough to think you
know everything but you haven't been
quite enough to know how much you don't
know and you feel right way
overconfident oh maybe you can be
talking about dunning-kruger as well
sure yeah
and then Danny Kruger can work both ways
but yeah and like I think he's in a
perpetual state Dunning crew no I don't
agree him I I think at this point it who
knows what he's doing I think he knows
that he's arguing in bad faith it's just
like this is like something he enjoys
doing right right like it's I don't get
it I really don't get it like like like
truly like I'd understand if he was
trying to have like an actual rational
conversation of people but I mean no
it's absolutely nothing like that he's
just an idiot
does he have supporters people actually
support him and I support the means
right they support the mean is so it's
Batman like Batman is his own I think
he's a priest up as analyst also right I
mean this thing is Batman with a the
cross
discord like profile picture science and
apologetics for all ages yo Jesus Saves
from hell mr. Batman calm I like a
YouTube video
Richard police officer should simply
officer lies to abolitionists oh yeah
he's got like a facebooking with [ __ ] in
like a YouTube channel
mr. Batman sermon in the Batcave before
he says to Moses I will have mercy on
whom I have mercy and I will have
compassion on whom I have compassion sad
thing about mr. Batman is apparently he
had like brain damage because his house
had like a mold infestation and he like
readily admits it and [ __ ] but so I kind
of wondered like sixty years old or
something no I don't think he's like in
his 30s or four days can be a theist
even reason Wow Wow it's it's it's
really just Oh what this this whole
Twitter feed is just really disturbing
he only has 25 followers I don't get
people who constantly tweet out when
they have social followers like what's
the point in doing that I guess so but
he's tweeting like 30 times a day yeah I
don't know he's probably [ __ ] crazy
dude
I've always had to teach people crazy
but I mean I don't know what you're
supposed to how you're supposed to say
to something like this yeah so that
start is there anyone else I would
expose the crazy while they've they're
crazy crazy those are the peak crazy
yeah those two probably oh yeah
that I've heard of that's not too bad
actually but that's that's okay I mean
I'm like I've heard worse positions
aren't you are right like at least he's
not advocating for Holocaust
that's one good thing we can say about
him right I don't know it's not even
like a real human being okay no [ __ ]
exposing [ __ ] on the internet work
one video at the time also a style
blogger oh I see he's anti-lgbt heavenly
had a habit of pointing out people's
Jewish mannerisms and being a Jew
almost to the point of obsession
something tells me the left is more
Jewish
with Holocaust revisionism racialism
pick up the artistry anti-lgbt debate
I've done a few it's they're really bad
they'll hurt you that you'll get
physically hurt if you actually I'm not
there's a whole position on the internet
that I've kind of like summarized like
