I want you to tell me what you hear yeah
okay get ready
holy [ __ ] kill these idiots what did you
what did you hear there
can you hear anything listen again can
you can't hear it at all but he's got an
accent here try one more time listen
just go holy [ __ ] killed easily kill
these Oh
what wait why are you reading chat no no
no I heard it I heard it but it was like
really really like a strong accent dude
I can't hear it at all this house smell
like you saying kill these idiots go
back practice your English fine okay be
careful
try the other clip wait what's your ID i
100% can't hear anything about idiots in
this i thought people were telling you
when they link this I did I don't hear
it at all not even remotely close no
okay
I can't I think he's saying idiots I
think he's innocent
whoa okay that sounds like it hold on oh
he's saying negative what isn't this
guy's history isn't this guy like a
super like non-toxic league player like
the fact that he doesn't react at all
after he says it and the fact that like
he seems to be like whatever like did we
really think he's just casually dropping
and bombs after never having done it and
just not reacted like
so that it did they rescind his ban they
did resend his man but still so many
been I don't like it went which does
that I don't understand how they do that
like even looking at my own band I think
that you should have either been a
permit man where they should have taken
it away completely for my threatening to
bomb a hospital their ban revisions make
no [ __ ] sense I don't understand okay
hold on ordering the couch do you think
this couch is okay hold on I'm getting
this one
it's like $600 I think it's okay this
guy seems fine
I need a place for people to sit when
they come over that's not like on the
floor need to be able to lie on it
um is that important I mean I'm pretty
sure what are the dimensions let's check
64 oh never mind I'm not that short it
doesn't have to fit your whole body
fiddle on it you can have your legs on
the side yeah but would not be annoying
which what do I get fabric sleeper
leather encoded haha Oh what is this
you know No
okay one chocolate croissant no hot
chocolate don't don't do it
I'll throw it away
this looks cheap accessible how long is
this 94 inches hell yeah
modular sectional sofa you always
thought this one that's look like super
Schwindt wait is this what I'm looking
at
no wait what's this change needs to why
is it so much cheaper expecting value
buys from Stephen ford-fulkerson tweet
what my car is like the best in class
what are you talking about go take a
break I'm thinking this one is good yeah
we'll get this guy be careful [ __ ] no
dip you'll actually think the focus ours
is a bad car yeah people [ __ ] I don't
I don't believe memes anymore I'm pretty
sure people meme I'm pretty sure I've
met like so many people that project the
[ __ ] out of everything I don't think
people are actually made me I think that
people are actually like um I think they
pretend to be memeing but in reality
yeah add to shopping list I don't want
to add to shopping list I want to put in
my cart
thank you
[ __ ] delete this [ __ ] don't want that
one okay is there to say the artistry
right can we not talk about cars I makes
me feel so irresponsible I don't want to
think about it begin checkout
I like what did we really just casually
accuse another nation of like pulling
guns on our military like okay dude just
do that via Twitter delivery time 9 a.m.
to 9 p.m.
Thanks IKEA I'll just stay at my house
all day like I don't have [ __ ] to go
outside and do like I'm not a very
social person hello the [ __ ] do you want
you gonna fire me on streaming in yes
listen I've been talking it was though
no a lot she's ready to take over
she actually no I thought that you
thought it was happening I need an h-1b
visa so I thought who's gonna give her
the manager was look at his face he
knows he got double dunked oh did you
see that bounty hunter livestream do you
want my dude good take those guys I'm
sorry
I like the dude but he is a horrible
authority figure oh my god like I was
cringing like open the door man account
from 5 5 4 3 2 1 0 you better open it
this time I want to count from 10 9 0 if
you don't open it I'm gonna come
counting this Oh Hank of you the front
please over there oh my god dude just
[ __ ] break the door down smash the
window like get in and do your [ __ ] like
oh my god it was so cringy listening to
him like try to negotiate for like oh my
god what's your hot take I don't think
that [ __ ] should be allowed on George oh
yeah no definitely not oops like really
funny like killed 100% and it's just
like really yeah yeah I'm just like
really [ __ ] up that like you're being
taken to jail and now you got to worry
about a [ __ ] audience watching you
like well it's kind of your American
right though you know roundabout way all
right you have a racist Pony trial then
you have a two-party state what can't
you not be like filmed like recorded um
my right to privacy no when it comes to
legal stuff I think it has to be public
you have a right to a public speedy
trial oh I guess cuz you're being taken
to jail that kind of yeah so it seems
like it seems contradictory like wait
when you want a private trial but you
want all the legal stuff to be public so
that like the state can't like be
privately imprisoning you or like crazy
so yes I'm not saying like a private
trial I'm saying more like I don't know
like when I'm being taken to jail
a million [ __ ] people watching me I
guess online like spouting memes about
me but well I'm written for the bounty
hundred people against those cop boys
and I cab brothers thank you you it's
not even a good one
what [ __ ] chocolate croissant right
you're good what do you mean no oh the
blueberry [ __ ] bagel or no the
blueberry doughnut doughnut [ __ ]
blueberry muffin is the god mmm
ed Starbucks sorry to have shitty tastes
wait why is this guy so [ __ ] mad IRL
streamer is my right okay should i ban
people should I be like weird people to
do [ __ ] like this look um look at this
guy's post history tell me was it
I think he's just young control-f math
like what he's probably just a young I
can't tell the people are these are like
crazy people in my chat or like what
help him get him on what's up Apple guys
stop they're just here to collect my
thousand dollars to me why what are we
getting a thousand dollars for for your
tweets on the Mueller investigation what
about it so remember yesterday when I
called you out on it and you said if I
showed it if I presented some evidence
that indicated that you essentially blew
off the whole thing you give me a
thousand dollars and blow up the whole
thing I just said that people who just
have obsessing over the conspiracy
against the interstate this drop this
and everything related to it and focus
on 2020 going forward
get out of here they're fake [ __ ]
I'll see you in court [ __ ] I'll
see you in court let's do it
let's go appleís let's see who can get
the better chat lawyers on their side
I'm bringing eSports Batman I'm bringing
the one video game attorney fight over
it okay we'll go to civil court I'm
ready dude dude twitch bands should
definitely be through like a court
system and like live streamed with like
chat oh God
that'd be the dankest [ __ ] yeah oh yeah
yeah who would you a point for this this
magical panels on this one it'd just be
it it'd just be like a parliament like
all twitch I would have a say yeah that
sounds like a terrible idea anyway I'll
send you an invoice with a thousand
dollars yeah that's all you're too
[ __ ] printed on Twitter everything a
wipe my ass with it okay
I prefer to do my not three-ply okay you
prefer to apply to 3pi why because it's
just too much [ __ ] all over the place
okay it falls apart there's too many
Fluffy's everywhere okay it's not good
it's one too many plies okay I don't
want to have a debate on this because
you're just objectively wrong okay I
think well I don't know I think they're
both fine I mean two plus fine but one
point as far as the superior I've never
actually used single ply toilet paper I
don't like why he just got boobs ugh and
the guys gettin [ __ ] ban have fun be
careful do you think China is gonna get
[ __ ] for obstruction a little is he
don't use web waves guys that [ __ ]
doesn't flush [ __ ] [ __ ] every diss
flush not good for the
okay guys I have 11 level 7 nuclear take
incoming ok guys you guys ready for this
one I don't think you're ready for this
one
I might actually cut my stream I don't
think I think you guys are so not ready
for this one mmm this is actually a take
that I feel incredibly strong about and
I think most of you are gonna disagree
but you're just wrong here it is boys
okay I'm gonna be totally honest with
you a lot of people are gonna disagree
oh this one you know what you want to
know the truth you and another truth
there it is you know what the Olive
Garden is actually an OK restaurant
there it is there it is I know that it's
like been like the meme to hate on it
and I even did it in the past like meme
to hate on it but like I've never
actually had like a bad experience in an
Olive Garden before it's usually okay
one argument is maybe it's a little
pricey but you ditched us for Oliver and
I'm supposed to host a Triax after my
own thing good luck those two which will
never do this did you react to the tea
blade clip yeah somebody linked in this
morning alright so I listen to this clip
without any priming whatsoever do you
want a nuclear take at all actually here
it is here's your nuke here is your
nuclear take for the day okay here is my
hip hold on here is my absolutely
nuclear take this is one of the most
nuclear takes I've ever nuke downstream
before here you go here it comes boys if
TF blade is going to get a ban for any
length of time for saying idiot then
Pokemon should be retroactive Lee banned
for 30 days for saying anivia that's my
that's my take because when I listen to
the Pokemon clip I had to listen to it
like 15 times and I was
oh I think I see what happened I think I
think I can see like what what is going
on here when I listen to that TF play I
still can't hear him saying
actually I don't know anyway I can't
hear it at all I can't hear it off to be
at least
okay we get infernal maybe go just go
holy [ __ ] kill these I still can't hear
it I can't hear anything but kill these
idiots I can't hear anything right I
really can't I really can't holy [ __ ]
Kelly's idiots
holy [ __ ] kill these idiots I can't I
can't hear holy [ __ ] kill these n words
is what people say they say holy [ __ ]
Kelly's n words I can't I really can't
hear it it's not like the Laurel yani
well you can kind of like think about it
or like I hope I heard holy [ __ ] kill
easy Annie's slow that [ __ ] down is
there like a slow down here speed oh
here we go
the Rhetta detectives
[Music]
all right okay at one-fourth speed I can
kind of hear it
[Music]
the D the weather is it are they called
fie gnomes the d da and the n nanana
nanana nananana nanana like are pretty
similar ish right like your tongue
placement is the same no I just think
the D has more of a what do you call
this isn't like a glottal stop or
something will you build up pressure
back here like the N is easier or the N
has like less pressure than the D I mean
I can see these are pretty similar
sounds but he starts the word with an N
Oh
[Music]
these Andes and I don't know I don't
think so I mean like well and also we're
going like hardcore the question right
now is can you hear it but in terms of
like what did he actually say he clearly
said idiots right like who casually
drops an N bomb on stream like that with
no record of ever doing this before and
doesn't even flinch like do you really
think he just like drops an N bomb and
he's just like not even like thinking
about it like come on dude no [ __ ]
way
PewDiePie did it but he knew he [ __ ]
up right after he did it I don't know I
just I don't listen and I don't think I
don't think Pokemon should be banned but
like oh my god Polk's how do you get off
with all [ __ ] I feel bad cuz I like
throw poke into the bus but like how did
she get off with that
like okay how does she get off with that
and then till he gets like a 30-day ban
I don't know man I don't know man
what she's supposedly saying she's
saying this anivia is this anivia is
getting cooked or whatever isn't this
clip like [ __ ] ten years old or some
[ __ ] it was like a really old
[Music]
