we are live I am here with two guests
that are going to be debating guns and
the Second Amendment in America I am
joined here by dr. John Lott jr. dr.
John Lott jr. is an economist and a
world recognized expert on guns and
crime lot has held research or teaching
positions at various academic
institutions including the University of
Chicago Yale University the Wharton
School of the University of Pennsylvania
Stanford University and Rice University
and was the chief economist at the
United States Sentencing Commission
during 1990 1988 through 1989 he holds a
PhD in economics from UCLA Nobel
prize-winner Milton Friedman noted that
John a lot has a few equals John lot has
few equals as a perceptive analyst of
controversial public policy issues oops
were losing the stream here for some
reason give me a second here we for some
reason are losing the stream just see
for
[Music]
got your binder ready hold on
something's wrong here sorry for these
technical difficulties here guys oh
there we go
looks like working good here okay it
looks like we're good all right no Pepe
for some reason is not popping up on my
channel I don't know why that's very
strange give me a second here I just
need to figure out what's going on here
all right well it's it's there I don't
know why it's not popping up though but
anyway let me just continue with the
introductions John Lott has been one of
the most productive and cited economists
in the world during 1969 2000 he ranked
26 worldwide in terms of quality
adjusted total academic journalist
journal output fourth in terms of total
research output in 86 in terms of
citations among economics business and
law professors his research is currently
the 28th most downloaded in the world he
is also a frequent or writer of op eds
and then we have Steven Bonnell aka
destiny Steven has sometimes appeared as
a debate partner for with Hasan [ __ ]
who works for the Young Turks Media
Network and is the nephew of Schanke
huger of The Young Turks wait how is
that related to my introduction can you
let me introduce people here Steven is
an American twitch streamer YouTube
personality political commentator and a
podcaster I could already see where this
is going to go I just don't understand
why shank or the Young Turks is related
to me in any way size shape or form well
I mean I could I would I could introduce
you as a 30 year old gamer but you can
also introduce this guy is somebody
who's like fake submitting studies
before but I mean but that's okay I say
we're gone that's all right right off
the bat let's
we'll go right into it so there you go
he's already he's a fake submitting
studies okay here we go the inner
go-ahead you want to say something well
I mean if Smith thinks something's been
left out you should be old at it
certainly okay so moving on in recent
presentations and debates about guns in
the Second Amendment in America I have
reviewed many different arguments and
many of those debates of course included
Stephen Stephen recently begged me to
bring someone on that has a history of
statistical analysis and all sorts of
other things so here are the record I
want somebody in that moment to
demonstrate to you why your studies
didn't show you what you thought they
did but okay well here's here's here's
someone right now mr. bono
so we're going to start out with the
link between a more relaxed gun laws and
a more gun crime in America we're going
to start out with Stephen and present
your argument for why that is the case
for why what is the case for why more
lacks gun laws equals more gun crime or
violent crime and homicides in America
the meta-analysis that I was smoking was
so that when right-to-carry laws were
expanded in states in the United States
it accounted for approximately I think a
13 to 15 percent uptick in violent crime
in terms of expanding right to carry
laws to citizens in the US okay is that
you anything more well I was I was
asking about not just concealed carry
laws but also the more lacks your gun
laws are the more gun crime you're going
to have do you have any any Studies on
that that you want to mention isn't that
what I just said we'll go ahead John do
you want to rebut that yeah right well I
mean there are dozens of studies that
have been done on right to carry laws
I'd say about 70% or sold those find
that right to carry laws reduce violent
crime you have a couple almost all the
rest claimed to have no impact and then
you have a couple
studies that go and claim to have bad
effects you're mentioning one that that
study was done a few years ago it's
still not published and there's some
real problems with it we have a lot of
discussions on our website with regard
to it but you know the main thing that
they're doing in that analysis I don't
know why they call it a meta-analysis
what they're doing is is they're looking
at how crime rates change over time in
states that are adopting right to carry
laws relative to some set of other
states and they'll pick hawaii's off in
the state that they'll use to compare to
other states and so if they say Hawaii
and this other state are relatively
similar in terms of the pattern of their
crime rates up until the time that right
to carry laws are passed we then look to
see what happens afterwards and if the
other state rises relative to Hawaii or
Hawaii Falls relative to them then we
take that as evidence that right to
carry laws increased crime that's not
the way that the vast majority of
academics go and do these types of
studies what they use is what's called
panel data when we're looking at lots of
different states in fact all the
different states over all the years that
we have the data available for picking a
particular stage or two or even three
states to compare to one right to cure
state at a time seems like a pretty
arbitrary way to go and do it and also
it doesn't allow you to control for all
the other factors that can be changing
after the right to curing law has been
in effect so there could have been
changes and law enforcement there could
have been other types of changes and
other types of laws that were passed
there are lots of things that affect
crime rates that you would want to try
to account for even after the right to
carry law has been put in effect so I
mean if you want to go and point to one
study there that isn't published that
makes the claim that you're saying
that's fine could you um yes yeah just
carry so I can look into it later can
you shoot me like like one or two of
those studies that you say points to
expand the right to carry
was decreasing crime I'm curious yeah do
it thank you
well if you give me your email address
I'll be happy to do it my email address
if you want to send me yours is John our
lot at crime research org
j jo hn r l o TT
at crime research org and when i get
that i can send you back a list of
studies okay yeah i put my email in this
in this thing do you happen to know i'm
not trying to like get you here do you
happen to know any off the top of your
head like the either the publishers or
the name of the study or anything just
so i could take a peek real quick sure
what if I get your email right now else
I can send you like I can send you yes
on the Google and the hangouts thing I
posted my email address there you could
see it in the chat there in the in the
hangouts and and just while he's finding
that and and sending that there was a
few that I was looking at before I've
mentioned on my channel before there's
one by Gary click the impact of gun
ownership rate secondary where he's not
doing the types of studies that he's
talking about there I mean we can talk
about Gary stuff okay I don't know what
you say it's in Google hangout sorry so
on the window where we are talking I
think on the right side there should be
there's a way that you can open like a
chat I'm not entirely sure how if you
tell me I do it yeah there should be on
the top left there's like a little blue
box you can click that right and I could
just send you his email too by the way I
could email to you well I just I just
gave you a link and there you go you can
just link it right in the chat but yeah
there was one from Gary click that's
that I was looking at earlier the
results of this particular study it was
found that most studies did not solve
any of the problems that you need to
solve in order to study
gun ownership rates and crime rates it
says that the research did the research
that did a better job of addressing
these problems was less likely to
support the more guns cause more crime
hypothesis indeed none of the studies
that solved all three problems supported
this hypotheses there was another one I
was looking at in regards to gun
ownership and let's see gun the impact
of gun control and gun ownership levels
on violence rate this was by Britt
Patterson and also Gary Kleck this is
the abstract of this was what effects do
gun it was the gun prevalence levels
generally have no net positive effect on
total violence rates number two homicide
gun assault and rape rates increase gun
prevalence I never deal with what he's
talking about here okay the ones that we
what untie what do you say John did you
get the link I sent you I said I did the
talk good chat box oh yeah yeah I said I
said gotcha but the first link is
probably the most relevant there's a few
dozen studies that are late there
they're published in journals from the
Journal of law and economics journal of
legal studies criminology journals other
types of journals that are their
economic inquiry many academic
peer-reviewed journals are there okay
gotcha yep okay I've got these for
credit whatever what are their claims I
guess do you make in regards to firearm
ownership like in terms of like effect
on suicides or anything like that well
nobody that I know this found that
concealed hand gun laws are related to
suicide rates in any way sure so not
concealed handgun laws but maybe
expanding like the ability to acquire
weapons or making some types of gun
control like more lacks in some states
at all is there is or do you think
there's any correlation there like if
it's easier to acquire a firearm in some
state versus another do you think that
that leads more people to commit suicide
with said firearms or like having a
firearm in the house leads people to
commit suicide with them or no
right okay there's two broad types of
studies there there studies by economist
and criminologists and other studies by
public health people okay
by economists and criminologist don't
find a relationship between gun
ownership and suicides the studies by
public health people generally do and
there's a couple different types of
studies by public health people and I
can explain to you why they're making
mistakes that cause them to go and find
the relationships that they claim to
occur so probably the most famous
studies about by public health people or
by a guy named Arthur Kellerman
who talks about the risk of having a gun
in the home and what he what he did and
this has used many times in public
health research is to look at people who
died in in or near residents over the
course of the year and ask the relatives
of the deceased whether the person owned
a gun and then they assume that if
somebody owned a gun and the person in
the residence died from a gunshot that
it was that gun that was used in the
death whether it be suicide or be
something else what you find is that
when people have looked at the data that
about 86 percent of the deaths when
you're including suicides as well as
homicides are due to a weapon those
brought in from the outside just fixing
that by only counting deaths based on
whether the gun was actually in the home
was the one that was used in the death
reverses the results but there's a more
critical problem that occurs with those
and that is so you have the people who
died in or near residents and asking
their relatives whether or not they
owned a gun and then they have a control
group of people who are the same age sex
and race who live within a mile of the
deceased and ask them whether they own a
gun and then they essentially run a
regression on whether you die based on
whether you own a gun and they find a
positive relationship but let me give
you a simple example let's say we were
to apply that logic to hospital care and
we're going to go and look to see
whether we find people in a city over a
course of the year who have died we ask
their relatives whether they've been to
a hospital and then we have a control
group of people who are the same age sex
and Ray
who live within a mile of the deceased
and asked them whether they'd been to
the hospital and then we run a
regression on whether you went to the
hospital whether you died
my guess is you find a very strong
relationship there does that mean we
should go and lobby against hospitals
probably not because the point here is
that there's a reason why certain people
went to the hospital people who were
sick went to the hospital people who
weren't sick didn't go to the hospital
and people who are sick enough to go to
the hospital are more likely to die than
people who weren't sick and so you have
an issue here why does some certain
people own guns
maybe they own guns because their house
had been broken into multiple times in
the past maybe they owned a gun because
they were a member of a gang and so if
you took away their gun they may even
have an even high probability of dying
but just in the in the hospital case you
want to have two people who are equally
sick one who went to the hospital and
one who didn't to see whether or not
that affected their probability of dying
you understand and the way an economist
would look at that is to say what
happens if I made it more costly for
somebody to go to the hospitals well
somebody was previously going to the
hospital now isn't going to be able to
go to the hospital what happens to their
probability of dying and so there's
prices there or costs that allow you to
try to sort out two equally sick people
that's not the way public health people
do is what they do is they use tests
that they've used for testing the
efficacy of drugs but there's a big
difference between testing social
phenomenon and testing the efficacy of
drugs the big difference is is that when
you're testing drugs I determine whether
or not you have the placebo or whether
you have the real drug it's a random
trial that's there to do that in a
social setting is I would have to make
you own a gun whether you want to own a
gun or not or keep you from owning a gun
whether you want to own a gun or not
that's not the way
social experiments generally are set up
to work and and there's a
real problem using the type of
methodology that Public Health people do
for testing drugs than it is for testing
other things to be fair that kind of
study has never been done with the
social sciences right we can't really
ethically do stuff like that dude yeah
well we can't compel somebody to own a
firearm right or something like that
also I'm not entirely sure if I agree
with the hospital comparison to the to
the gun comparison although I kind of
understand what you're going I'm sorry
what were you saying Vince I'm just
gonna say do you want to do oh no I'm
just listening right now I'm just
collecting information okay how do you
feel about self-defense gun use do you
feel like do you feel like self-defense
gun use is a positive thing do you think
it leads to better outcomes generally
than either using other tools or not
having a gun for self-defense to use I
don't think it's close
you had the National Crime Victimization
survey which has surveyed people a
hundred thousand people a year for over
40 years and they have incredibly
detailed breakdowns about what type of
crime was being committed where it was
being committed the nature of the victim
who was there as well as the criminal
and you have detailed data on many
different types of ways people responded
they behaved passively but they tried to
run away they use a baseball bat mace
knife a gun a stun gun and what you find
is that particularly for women and the
elderly using a gun is by far the safe
course of action for people to take when
they're confronting a criminal like that
so comparing the use of it like a
firearm to another tool do you know of
any studies that compare those two
things because the ones that I'm
familiar at least the one that I'm
familiar where the show is that using a
handgun seems to lead to worse outcomes
than using other tools at least in
regards to property crime well or the
National Crime Victimization survey is
usually used for breaking down violent
crime okay comes and you know it's
pretty clear I mean you take women for
example by far the most dangerous course
of action for women to take when they're
confirmed by a criminal is to use your
fists or to yell or scream running away
is also very dangerous but even using a
baseball bat
or mace is mace is about the same as
passive behavior what people often do is
they lump together all forms of active
resistance together and compare that to
pass a behavior and in that case active
resistance is more dangerous than
passive behavior but the problem is is
that you're lumping together some things
that are much more dangerous than
passive behavior and and guns which are
by far the safest course women who
behave passively are about 2.4 times
more likely to end up being seriously
injured than men you know you look at
stun gun or mace four-way so I'm just
curious just on that so if I could have
like is there is there a study where
they compare like self defense case uses
of like say using another tool or a bag
or a stun growing something versus like
a firearm that shows like a successful
outcome or like a prevention of either
injury or rape or property lost whatever
has that been done by the National
victimization survey did account for all
of that in there or yes I mean there
were a number of papers on that this was
mentioning Gary click that's probably
what Gary collects probably best known
for is how do you saw that same thing
he's pretty l ec k hey Gary you know al
ec k just I'm the suicide thing there
was a study done by and I don't know if
you've either are there of you have
heard about this this is published by
Oxford University on behalf of John
Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public
Health for a gun laws and suicides this
is by the department actually I'm sorry
it's the author information Department
of Economics Boston College in the data
they say this is the abstract 25 states
and I linked this in the chat as well in
the data twenty-five states strengthened
gun gun control by an average of six
points such an increase may result in
something like a three point three
percent decrease in firearm suicides but
no impact on non firearm suicides was
found overall well it says while no
impact on non suus non firearm suicides
was found over all interactive models
showed an increase in non firearm
suicides among
black males white and black females and
older individuals strengthening gun
control may reduce firearm suicides
overall but may increase non firearm
suicides in some populations results
advocate so basically it's saying that
that very very small percentages if
anything yeah I noticed he's stopped
reading that last sentence I'll read it
for you it results advocate for stricter
gun laws and additional policies are
needed for populations who shifted for
non firearm suicides I don't know why
you admitted that last sentence but
right I just said this is the part that
I highlighted but it's saying that
there's there's well you literally stop
the right way and advocated for our
interactive model showed an increase in
non firearm suicides among black males
and that was the point I was making in
our last debate basically saying that
they would just use something else and
so again this is the study that I found
but I don't know if you guys want to
comment on that the study by Siegel is
this the one where they go and they lump
together all the different types of gun
control laws and have a count on a total
number of gun control yeah but yeah it
says yeah there's they are equal right
the gun control increased by 16 okay so
here's the deal and that is there are
lots of problems with this one is to me
you want to run a regression with total
suicide deaths okay because there's
issues of substitutability and my guess
is if they had done that they wouldn't
have found any statistically significant
result that was there you know if they
switch and it's the question of in total
does the total significantly change or
not you know the fact that they find for
some subgroups that may increase for non
firearm that's interesting but the
question is what happens when I add
everything together and looking at the
tool the other thing is you know it's
another example of Public Health type
studies it makes no sense to me just to
go and lump together all the different
types of gun control laws it's arbitrary
which ones they include you know for
example they include things that like
concealed carry where they say the
account is a law whether or not you
background check when you get your
permit renewed maybe that's important I
don't know but they don't include for
example whether you require training to
be able to go and get a concealed carry
permit my guess is if I were to go and
talk to a lot of public health people
they would think that training might be
more important than whether a second
background check is done when you get
the permit renewed but they don't
include that there's lots of cases like
that you go through it it's very
arbitrary which ones they include or
don't include and if I can go through
and pick and choose what types of laws
to include there I can get almost any
relationship the second the third point
to make is there's a fundamental flaw in
that they're making what we call a
purely cross-sectional comparison
they're looking across multiple states
essentially over a period of time but
they're comparing the the rate in each
state on average there let me give you a
simple example a lot of people will
compare the UK to the United States
well they'll say look the UK has a
relatively little homicide rate compared
to the United States they also have very
strict gun control laws and very few
guns they're also it must be the fact
that they have strict gun control laws
that caused the low homicide rate
compared to the United States the
problem is is that before they had the
strict gun control laws they had an even
lower homicide rate compared to the
United States that their homicide rates
for example after their handgun ban in
January 1997 went up by almost 50
percent over the next eight years and so
what you I would argue that they have a
low homicide rate for other reasons and
may below homicide rate despite the
strict gun control laws rather than
because of it what you really need to do
is follow lots of different experiments
over time so in the United States lots
of different states over time and to see
how their crime rates or suicide rates
are changing after they adopt a law and
how their rates are changing well
to other places that aren't changing
their laws and that's what we call panel
data and that's what virtually all
economists and criminologist use for at
least the last few decades but a lot of
public health people still refuse to go
and use that type of approach to go and
look at things and it really creates
some misleading relationships so I mean
I could go on but those are just three
of the major problems with that Hey sure
I'm curious what do you think what do
you think causes gun violence in the
United States and then my call up
questions gonna be like what should we
do about things related to gun violence
in the US well I can tell you something
that will reduce it dramatically right
away and there would be legalizing drugs
yeah I agree I listen know her yeah I
agree 100% the war on drugs is one of
the biggest things that I play you know
people focus on the guns rather than
asking why the drug gangs have the guns
to begin with right if you look so you
know probably the highest murder rate we
ever had the United States was in 1932
within two years after 32 the homicide
rate had fallen by murder rate fallen by
60% what happened in 1932 32 was the
last year of prohibition when
prohibition ended we no longer had mobs
trying to control areas to go and sell
alcohol it had taken away the profits
that they had hit now I'm not going to
go and argue that legalizing drugs is
their bottom because lower prices of
drugs are going to be more people are
going to use it and you're going to have
other problems they're going to arise
from people going and using drugs but
maybe you could use some of the huge
amounts of money we're using right now
to go and deal with drug gangs to go and
deal with addiction and other problems
that might be arising you know I just
give you one simple comparison you look
at Mexico Mexico since 1972 has had one
gun store in the country it's run by the
military guns are very expensive
no you can't buy rifles for example that
are more than 22 caliber which is kind
of the you know the least powerful rifle
that you can buy those are not the guns
that the drug gangs use and yet Mexico
has a murder rate that's about five
times higher than the murder rate that
we have here in the United States they
go and bring in guns along with the
drugs that they have to sell it's not
like a drug gang in Mexico can go to the
police and say look this other gang
stole our drugs can you help us get them
back they have to set up their own
militaries in order to try to protect
that property and the same thing is true
in the United States if I could click my
fingers and cause all illegal drugs to
disappear and all guns how long do you
think it would be before legal drugs
start coming back in the u.s. if you're
in El Paso maybe 20 minutes and how long
do you think it would be before they
would bring in the weapons that they
would need to go and protect that
valuable property that they have they'd
be bringing him in at the same time you
know most people don't appreciate that a
major source probably the major source
of the legal guns are drug gangs drug
dealers have guns with them and so the
notion that you can stop criminals from
being able to go and get guns
uh you know as be as likely as you can
stop them from buying illegal drugs what
would you do about the gangs because
this is something that we determined in
the last debate to is that you know most
gun crime is caused by gangs with mostly
illegally possessed weapons right what
would you do about the gangs because you
know just ending the war on drugs I'm
not sure that that's okay well I go end
the war on drugs and you remove a lot of
the funding from the gangs a lot of them
say they have to exist Yeah right right
if you if you legalize them there I put
the trafficking of the guns well but you
wouldn't need a traffic as many guns if
you didn't have to defend corners to
sell illegal drugs on because you'd go
to Walmart and buy them exactly you
wouldn't they
the gangs would diss the direct gangs
would not have the Prime
that they have young kids wouldn't be
going into them and they wouldn't have
the reasons for having the guns you have
to deal with their profits and what the
terms profits and it's the same reason
why when Prohibition ended you had a
sixty percent drop in murder rates in
the United States right so I'm looking
at the DOJ there's a report by the
Bureau of Justice that was brought up in
the last debate as well regarding the
types of firearms who gets the firearms
and it determined that 43 percent of
crime guns in the United States was
obtained illegally on the black market
so that's the largest portion of the
crime guns in the United States were
obtained illegally on the brand black
market mostly gang members so I mean I
think mostly gang members in that study
but I agree we're not in the BJS study
you know but other studies I've seen
have determined that gang members cause
most of the gun crime as you said well I
mean you just look at the distribution
of murders in the United States you have
over half the murders in the United
States take place in two percent of the
counties and if you've ever seen well
that's that's really misleading to be
faring well let me finish it maybe you
can tell me and if you look at any type
of murder map in those cities you'll
find that the vast majority those
murders occur in about a ten-block area
those over fifty percent are those two
percent of the counties account for over
half the murders and they account for
about 22 percent of the country's
population so there and when you
particularly look at the ten block areas
that are there there's relatively small
population that's there for them to have
let's say two-thirds of that 50 percent
of the murders that are there so it's
very heavily concentrated in areas that
vastly outweigh their share of the
population getting to the population
percentages a little bit more I just
don't like the idea of talking about
numbers of counties because I mean as we
all know there are like tons of counties
in the u.s. that the population
distribution
that's where my way with a popular yeah
yeah we're not gonna yeah they also
mentioned that you're talking about ten
black areas within even those talons I
mean I assume you're not going to go and
argue that the majority of the country's
populations in those ten black areas in
those counties these are not downtown
you know Renaissance series these are
probably areas that are more likely to
have like gang activity or fighting over
driving what it comes might not for sure
how do you feel about strengthening the
abilities of say like the ATF to keep
track of like who is poaching purchasing
firearms and whatnot like lifting some
of the restrictions on that would you be
ok with that every you uncomfortable
that I don't think it's we have
registration licensing laws in the
United States
Hawaii's headed since 1960 Pennsylvania
has had registration since 1901 and kind
of universal background checks on
handguns since 1933 where they've
recorded information on anybody who's
privately transferred or bought a
handgun so they essentially get
registration on law-abiding citizens
since 1933 four handguns in Pennsylvania
you have Chicago you have Washington DC
Canada has had registration and
licensing of handguns since 1934 well
you find time after time is that they
can't point to cases where they'd be
able to use that to solve crimes you
know in theory if a gun is used in a
crime and it's left at the crime scene
and it's registered to the person who
committed the crime you could trace it
back to the criminal there and solve the
case but what you find is that it just
doesn't work that when one is crime guns
almost never left at the scene in the
few times that they are left at the
scene is because the criminal has been
either killed or seriously wounded and
in a couple times they're left there
they're almost never registered you're
talking about a few times where they're
literally registered and they're never
registered to the person who committed
the crime
so Hawaii for example since 1960 can't
point to one single crime that's kind of
my ideal environment you but
island nation we've had registration
licensing since 1960 and they can't
point to one single crime that's been
solved as a result of registration
licensing you have Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania and is a lawsuit that took
place in 2004 said that they said that
registration provided some help to for
cases of murder or robbery or any other
violent crime over that entire period of
time but they couldn't even identify
what those four cases were and they
indicated in testimony that they
probably would have solved those cases
anyway Washington DC in Chicago both in
different types of court cases also have
admitted that they can't point to any
type of crime that they've been able to
solve
yeah we've all these TV programs like
Law & Order that go in or Chicago PD
which constantly use this claim of
registration and licensing to solve
crimes but it's just a crutch they do it
because it's an easy convenient tool to
be able to solve the crime within the
half-hour story that they have there in
the hour that they have there and more
to go in and try to solve it it's kind
of a magical thing that are there but
when you actually look at Chicago or you
know Canada they weren't able to point
to one long gun that they were able to
go and and solve a crime for as a result
of registration licensing and they said
that there were a couple cases where to
some degree it might have helped that
they couldn't identify those cases
either and they indicated that those
cases probably would have been solved
anyway without the registration license
so and the thing is he takes a lot of
money so Hawaii when the Honolulu Police
Chief in 2000 testified before the state
legislature there he indicated that it
took about 50,000 hours of police time
for Honolulu to go and run the
registration system that they had there
if you can't point to any crimes have
been solved 50,000 hours
we're the police time could be used to
do regular police work that we know
matters and works why not use that for
that time we we know 50,000 hours that's
a huge amount of police resources
they're essentially being wasted I have
to dig into the data in this film now I
just don't know but I think like the the
philosophical argument would be like if
we empower the ATF to track things
electronically that it would be more
useful and it would cost less money it's
entirely possible though as you said
that that wouldn't do anything and if
it's a giant waste of money then yeah
ultimately the end of the day you'd just
scrap it I'll dig into that a little bit
a couple states other states that have
tried things you had Maryland in New
York which try to do ballistic
fingerprinting of bullets and create a
registry for that without an ID a bullet
to like a model of a gun or a particular
individual gun they wouldn't require
that each gun to be fired before it was
sold or transferred and that a copy of
the striations on the bullet would be
entered in in New York into a computer
where then if a gun if the bullet was at
a crime scene they would be able to go
and match it to the the gun there so we
have a registration for this guy and we
have a bullet that when we did this test
and it looks like it matches a bullet
that we had from a crime scene and they
spent like 20 million dollars on it but
even New York eventually had to drop it
because they couldn't point to any
crimes that they've been able to solve
Maryland did the same thing Maryland
spent even more money I had in effect
for a longer period of time but they
eventually dropped the system because it
was just a money pit that they weren't
able to solve any crimes is that
actually does that actually work can you
individually track like a single bullet
to every gun are they all is it that
unique that fingerprint well I just
don't know I'm just curious I'm not sure
look I don't really think it's very good
but there's slight imperfections that
you might have inside the metal the
problem that you have with ballistic
fingerprinting is that what creating the
marks on each bullet is friction and the
problem is is that friction means you
can have wear on the inside
rightfully note the gun and so if every
time you fire the gun you're slightly
changing what the friction is also the
fingerprint would change over time after
repeated usage of a firearm exactly okay
I understand
so the FBI I'm just kind of asking
questions for things that I talk about
the FBI has a no-fly list it's
notoriously hard to get somebody in a no
gun list because obviously you can't
appeal it in any court do you think the
FBI should weigh what you say it's hard
to get somebody yeah I think the FBI I
think for them to like actually have you
put on like a like a no gun list I think
it's like it it's very very very
difficult for them to actually do this
right are they do identify use a terror
threat well okay well the terror threat
is we've regarded no-fly list
yeah they attempt to list their there
but the thing is the no-fly list
includes lots of things that are
completely unrelated to terrorism
yeah yeah yeah and and in addition they
have let people buy guns who were on the
no-fly list yeah
they never committed a crime yeah that's
kind of what I'm well cuz I think the
shooter in Florida [ __ ] I wish I
remember the case I want to say but the
I think so yeah the one that people say
yeah was he was he no-fly listed but was
able to purchase a gun I don't remember
107 he was a security guard and Alaska
even licensed in the state of Alaska to
do that I would imagine sure he regards
would have been flight got you probably
yeah do you do you think that you can
expand any sort of power to the FBI to
know gunless people or identify people
that could be potential like threats in
what public say be a mental almost
anything like that yes I got I don't
want dangerous people to be able to go
so the thing is we've got to fix the
current system the current systems a
mess so though you'll frequently hear
the claim that three and a half million
dangerous prohibitive people have been
stopped from buying guns the problem is
is that virtually all of those something
around over 99 percent of those are
false positives it's one thing to stop
somebody who's a felon for buying
got its it it's or mental illness it's
another thing to stop someone simply
because they have a name similar to that
prohibited person when you go and you
buy a gun you fill out what's called a
4473 which you put down your name your
social security number your birthday
your address you raise your eye color
and you think they're using all that
information what they use is roughly
phonetically similar names and similar
birthdays and the problem is it's
primarily minorities that they're
stopping from buying guns people tend to
have names similar to each other in
their racial groups Hispanics have names
similar other Hispanics blacks tend to
have names similar to other blacks 30%
of black males are legally prohibited
from owning guns because of past
criminal history whose names are their
names most likely to be confused with
other law-abiding good black males who
may want to be able to go and buy a gun
to protect themselves and their families
there's no reason why we should be
having these mistakes companies do
criminal background checks on employees
all the time if companies had an error
rate that was 100 the error rate that
the federal government has they would be
sued out of existence under federal law
why don't they have the same error rate
because they use all the information
that's there and they use it the way
it's given they use the exact name
rather than roughly phonetically similar
names that the federal government does a
background check for you for buying a
gun somebody who has last name was Smith
that's spelled with a why for somebody
else was last name was Smith who spelled
with a Y in and E as far as the
government is concerned that's the same
last name there's no reason why we
should be having those types of things
there's and we could be easily fixed
just make the federal government have to
obey the same rules that that we make
private companies have to make and doing
background checks I've been arguing for
20 years with regard to gun control I
have the kids with this and it will
fight you tooth and nail against making
that simple fix and one of the main
reasons is because if they
fix it then you'd see almost no ones
being stopped from illegally buying a
gun that criminals may be stupid but
they're not that stupid to go through a
background check they have played places
like the drug dealers that we're talking
about before where they can go and get
guns and they don't want people to see
how much lower
I'll give you you can go and look this
up up until 2010 the Justice Department
put out an annual report on the Knik
system the Obama administration stopped
the annual reports being put out after
that if you look at 2010 there were
76,000 initial denials okay there were
44 cases referred for prosecution real
quick what did you say the name of the
system was again the Knik system yeah
national investigative crime background
check system okay gotcha
and when you find and I can send you a
link to that too if you want me to
that's all right
and what you find is that there were
76,000 initial denials 44 cases only 44
cases were if you referred for
prosecution and there were 26 cases were
prosecuted and they got 13 convictions
it's 13 convictions out of 76,000
denials and that's what you see in year
after year and the problem is is that
these are just false positives you know
the Obama administration was constantly
attacked by Republicans for not
enforcing the gun laws when Bush was
president he was attacked by Democrats
for not enforcing the gun laws when
Clinton was president Republicans
attacked him for not enforcing the gun
laws it wasn't that Obama didn't want to
enforce the gun laws or bush didn't want
to do it or Clinton didn't want to do it
people see these 76-thousand initial
desires and say why don't we have 76,000
prosecution's why do we only have
six prosecutions the reason why they
don't prosecute those other thousands of
cases or tens of thousands of cases
because they're not real cases you know
it's these are false positives they
would been happy the Obama
administration would have been happy to
prosecute those cases if they had
actually been real cases and not false
positives that were there okay cool
I'm just just I'll send you a link to
the the Knicks chances numbers for
scheduling something would you be
interested in revisiting this
conversation like two weeks so that I
have time to dig through a lot of this
stuff I'd be happy to talk to you I'll
send you the link for the Knicks system
report this is the last one it was put
out and you know I'm happy to go through
all this now or again can I just
interject here real quick I want to show
everyone John Lots booked more guns less
crime this is one of his most famous
books you can get this on Amazon for
pretty cheap and then also he has his
latest book is the war on guns that is
another book that you can pick up I
would advise you guys to get both thank
you both for taking the time today if I
could just say two things really quickly
yeah we're not it yeah I guess the
question go ahead Mike so I I just would
say so not only are minorities
disproportionately stopped from buying
guns because of the failures in these
background checks because you know you
have 30 percent of black males but 18
percent of Hispanic males you know for
Asians you're talking about four percent
for y it's you're talking about six
percent so it's just you know when
you're looking within these groups you
just have a lot more opportunities for
false positives having somebody who's
going to have a similar name there but
you can appeal these cases but the
problem is you're talking about you know
three to ten thousand dollars or more to
go and do an appeal in theory you can go
and do the appeal yourself but almost
everybody's going
find it necessary to go and hire a
lawyer in order to go and deal with all
the forms the other problem with the
background check system that could
easily be fixed is the cost so if you're
in Washington DC where they're going to
be voting on these universal background
checks again the house does pass a bill
it cost one hundred and twenty-five
dollars to privately transfer a gun that
may not stop you or I from being over a
gun but my research indicates that it's
the people who are most likely to be
victims of violent crime poor blacks who
live in high crime urban areas who
benefit the most from having a gun for
protection when police can't be there to
protect them $125 may be enough to stop
those poor people from be able to go and
own a gun so not only do you have these
huge legal fees that are being posed on
people for no fault of their own because
the government made a mistake but then
you have these other issues that are
here I can send you a piece I had last
year in the New York Times that goes
through more on some of these problems
that are there in the chat there and but
you know look I'm an economist and I
would tell you one of the things you
learned as being an economist is that
the people who benefit from some
government service should be the ones
who paid for it and and the thing is if
I am going out of my way to do a
background check on a private transfer
you know I'm not gonna be the criminal
and if you believe it lowers crime and I
don't and we can talk about that more
but if you believe it does it's got a
lower crime for everybody not just the
individual who's going out of their way
to have the you know background check on
a private transfer of a gun you know
that's something that the Collin Noorie
talked about a lot
he works I know he works for the NRA I
understand the argument against that but
it is something that he talked a lot
about I didn't know I I wasn't aware on
the errors that were happening I just
was I was not aware that that actually
happened and
that much so yeah well I mean it's
really tragic and there's no reason why
they should be having easier well my
biggest question is you know you're
you're arguing more guns less crime
destiny's arguing less guns less crime
my biggest thing with with the gun
debate in general is that no you guys
can both touch on this is that if if
most of the gun crime is caused by gangs
we've determined that if most of the
crime guns are illegally possessed and
purchased on the black market we're
talking 43% the 25% obtained from an
individual which is also a straw
purchase which is also illegal we're
talking about the vast majority of guns
only 1% or less than 1% are purchased at
a gun show yet we hear about the gun
show loophole all the time only 7% are
actually purchased at a gun store and
why like why is there this huge focus on
trying to make it harder for me to
purchase an you know an ar-15 without a
grip wrap or make it harder for me to
purchase a magazine with you know more
than 10 rounds why why is the
conversation surrounding the gun and not
the gangs and that was my biggest point
I think in the last debate but I mean
I'll let you both yeah so I mean like I
won't speak for John but I mean they
somebody said so far I feel like the war
on drugs is a disastrous policy in the
United States there's like a million
different external things that are
[ __ ] with by that whether it's issues
related to the border with people
sneaking in firearms or drugs whether
it's damages to neighborhoods and
businesses whether it's communities
getting [ __ ] up whether it's our
criminal justice system getting bogged
down the war on drugs I think has like a
disastrous impact that ripples
throughout so many different parts of
our country so I mean targeting
something like that seems to be really
good I don't know if John's heard about
this I tried to dig into the success of
like using like gang databases like gang
registries those don't seem to have been
very effective in the places they've
been tried I think some cities have
started to get rid of them because it
just seemed like they were pretty
arbitrary in the way they were managed
and I didn't seem very effective I don't
know if you're hard to think about that
John
so the guy just to answer
Vince's question you know people kind of
look to see what the relationship is now
that doesn't mean reason what the reason
why I definitely smirking over there is
because I brought up the fact that why
aren't we going after the gangs instead
of the guns and his answer and we talked
about gangs databases and how the FBI
collects gangs databases from cities and
municipalities around the country and I
mentioned one gang database that the
Cook County was in Chicago they
destroyed it and one of the reasons that
Alma and AIA was the person leading this
effort to destroy the gangs database one
of her reasons was it was because it
contains too many people of color the
gang standard that wasn't the reason
that that was a reason why could be
potentially bad but the reason they
banded it because it was ineffective
like nobody went against it she said and
we proved this around we didn't you miss
unexplainable resident know she she's
explicitly stated this is a racially
discriminatory it has basically with
Steve that proved to be very useful yeah
the reason why I'm smoking yeah the
reason why I'm spreading news because
Vince always tries to go back to like
black people or gangs or whatever
instead of like I don't care like
ideologically I don't care what prevents
gun crime I'm cool with whatever ends up
doing it I'll dig through a lot of this
that I haven't dug through like I
usually just cite studies I haven't
gotten to pull my dick through like
methodology yet I wasn't aware that I
was gonna be talking to you I thought
who's gonna be like a like another
random person so I have to dig through
these to see if your if your points are
actually true which is why I'd love to
revisit this in a couple weeks when I've
like gotten to read up on these more
extensively but yeah I mean I'm
generally in favor of whatever you know
keeps people from dying to guns and if
that if the solution is more guns I'm
okay with that of the solution is less
guns then obviously I pushed that seems
to be a lot more ideologically motivated
about keeping black people from getting
guns or something I don't know you you
argued tooth and nail last debate the
last two debates Vince your argument why
don't you accept victory and move on
well I'm just saying it's a good thing
that he's finally accepting this well I
accept everything John is tell me my
problem last time as you didn't
understand the difference
say like a longitudinal study versus
just like comparing random data like
everything that you cited last time
showed like an inability to understand
like any kind of data or information
whereas John I was trying I could have
brought up the scientific studies that I
brought up today I was trying to well no
you couldn't cuz you literally just
admitted that you ad hoc from the
rational at your point Brian had to
explain to you exactly what was going on
and they don't know whether has to do
with business I was trying to explain to
you in a way that you can understand
that your argue no no no no you
literally don't understand you don't
understand tomato words but I appreciate
that you brought on a PhD economist to
have this conversation
it would've been nice to have known that
like a week in advance but this is a
good thing and you're accepting that
more guns equals less crime I have a lot
of I can have you guys both back on but
I guess I guess why does more guns equal
less crime should we be should we be
applying concealed carry laws and in in
every state in City John yeah let me
just make a couple points here one is I
I think one of the more powerful pieces
of evidence is look at a simple type of
gun control law that we've seen across
multiple countries and that is banning
guns okay whether it's all guns or all
handguns you would think if more guns
make more murder fewer guns meant less
that those places would see drops and
murderers and yet every single time
either all guns have been banned or all
handguns have been banned murder rates
have gone up there's not one single time
where where that's occurred where you've
seen a drop you know people see that in
Chicago in Washington DC
normally the response from gun control
advocates will be well those aren't fair
test because unless you ban guns every
place people can still get guns from the
rest of Illinois or from Indiana or from
Maryland or Virginia and so you have to
have a gun ban every place it would have
been nice if they told us that before
the gun bans and I don't think it
explains why it went up that may explain
why I didn't go down and this was being
predicted but it doesn't just apply
there you can look at island nations
that have bought ban guns Weatherby
Jamaica
or the Republic of Ireland or or England
and Wales every single time that you've
had those types of bands murder rates
have gone up and there's a simple reason
for this and often by huge amounts right
after the ban goes into effect with
simple reason for them and that is you
have to ask yourself who's most likely
to obey the law is it going to be the
law-abiding good citizen to obey it or
the criminals who can stall and get guns
from drug gangs I mean we know how hard
it's been to go and stop drugs from
entering into the United States well
it's hard to stop drugs from entering
into these other island nations to
Tippie it Sarah I was gonna say that I
don't I don't I kind of reject that
argument philosophically like we can
only make laws because using that method
or using that kind of like idea we would
literally never make a law at all no no
I'm saying you may reduce it to some
extent yeah but if it primarily reduces
it for law-abiding citizens then you
actually unintentionally make it easier
for criminals to go and commit crimes so
the question is is it the victims that
you're primarily disarming I mean I can
believe you make it somewhat more costed
for the criminals but the question is
who are you primarily disarming as a
result of the law sure if a criminal is
more motivated to purchase a firearm
than a civilian then making it harder
for both groups is gonna adversely
impact the civilian which might enabled
the criminal to commit crime easier
right essentially right sure
yeah which may be true yeah I don't know
what policies would have to be like
hyper targeted towards certain groups of
people but yeah definitely look into
this give any I guess any final thoughts
breather dietary what I did briefly
listen to one you know one debate that
you were doing on guns and one of the
things that you mentioned was that I
think he made the extreme comment that
you can correct me if I'm wrong that the
United States has I think he said the
highest gun murder firearms murder rate
in the world I think it was compared to
compared to like yeah that was a that
was a long time ago I think that it
needs to be tailored to like comparable
to other countries I'm guessing Vince
probably sent you that clip cuz he loves
to take that quote for me but I think
like compared to
comparable western countries I think
that's the climate ie if you there a
couple things one is if you look at the
OECD list of developed countries that's
kind of the Claudia developed countries
that are there Brazil for example has
has a murder rate that's over five times
higher than the murder rate that we have
in the United States fewer than one
percent of the population in Brazil
legally owns have gotten this license to
own and most of those people are police
officers Mexico as we mentioned before
Russia has a very high firearms murder
rate the thing is our murder rate the
thing you have to understand also is
about almost half the countries in the
world don't report firearm homicide
rates they just report total homicide
rates in the United States
we're very spoiled by having data on
everything with regard to crime most
countries don't have that type of
breakdown and if you look at kind of the
distribution of homicide rates across
the world or among the developed
countries the United States is below the
average for all countries and below the
media but we're relatively high when you
look at firearm homicides but the reason
why we're relatively high in terms of
firearm homicides is that the high
homicide rate countries don't record
firearm homicide date and so the one
reason why it looks like we're
relatively high and I can send you
graphs of this and the underlying data
the reason why we look relatively high
when you look at firearm homicides is
that you're simply missing the data for
other high countries so your argument is
that there might be some country that
has they might have an overall homicide
rate that's higher than the United
States but in a country like this it
might be more typical of them to not
individually record how the homicides
are being committed so that's the
country that even though more people are
being killed due to gun violence we miss
it in the data because of how they
account for their momma said right right
okay I'll look into that okay I think my
major argument against it because I hear
that often when talking with people is
that if you look at the u.s. the FBI
reports that we have 33,000
gang's here in this country and gangs to
people we have more gangs to people per
100,000 than any of the European
countries that most of the Liberals if
you want to call that call them that
compare us to so if you look at for
instance like we have 33,000 gangs and
other European countries don't have that
sort of gang activity or gangs two
people per 100,000 I think that that is
probably the reason why you're sitting a
higher firearm homicide rate in in
America than you are in places like you
know Sweden or Germany or whatever the
case may be what's the point of this
well we're talking about if you're
talking about comparing the u.s. to
other European countries this is what
you said I think John Lott took your
quote about comparing the u.s. to other
countries in the world in the firearm
homicide firearm homicide rate and
homicide rate and my point was I get
this often when when people say oh look
we have the highest firearm homicide
rate in America higher then you know all
these other developed countries in the
nation in the in the world and if you
look at the gangs to people 33,000 gangs
here in this country that's about you
know somewhere around 10.1 per 100,000
gangs to people in this country versus
you know all of the rest of Europe
pretty much it's much higher you know I
think where I would agree that the best
ways yes isn't present in other
countries right exactly so if you're
looking here at all of Europe the entire
UK Australia Norway you know they don't
have this this type of drug gang problem
and I don't really have a stance on the
war on drugs I can be swayed either way
but wait so what are we supposed to do
with a gang problem that if you don't
have a stance on the war on drugs no I'm
just saying up like I I haven't really
given too much thought on the war on
drugs Wayne are you why why bring up the
number of gangs what should we do about
it well because those are the ones
though that the gangs are the ones who
are committing most of them yes so I'm
asking you from arts and you keep giving
me hisses I understand that we've a lot
of gangs in the u.s. I'm asking what do
you think we should do about it what
ought we to do about the amount of gangs
in the u.s. I would have I would have to
agree that
drugs what does that what does that
entail John as far as ending the war on
drugs do you would you say to legalize
all drugs in this country or legalize
well look I can tell you how to lower
the murder rate okay by legalizing that
I can obviously they're gonna be real
problems first of all if we legalized it
Mexico would be helped enormously yeah
okay the reason the reason why Mexico
has the problem that it has is because
the drug gangs have to be organized to
bring in the illegal drugs into the
United States we eliminate their profit
mexico's murder rate would plummet
dramatically and it would help our
illegal immigration problem as well
because Mexico would be right yeah well
it'd improve the economy you're telling
me I mean you look at there's some
states in Mexico they have murder rates
that are over a hundred per hundred
thousand people you know what does that
do to businesses what does that do to
people having jobs in those areas it
completely decimates and destroys whole
areas of the country that are there and
so and I think the Mexicans understand
it I've been giving a couple talks down
there in the last couple years and I
think they would pray that we would
reconsider our drug laws that we have
here in the United States but there are
problems that would arise and we would
have to deal with things to deal with it
if the cost of drugs went down
dramatically uh you'd have more people
using them and you'd have probably more
addiction or other problems I would just
say look we're spending huge amounts of
resources on drug enforcement right now
well I don't consider using some of
those resources to go and deal with
these other side effects of legalizing
drugs they're going yeah like we already
for instance spent so much money in our
judicial system and border enforcement
and and police important so much stuff
on drugs but we still have like an
opioid crisis that we also have to spend
money on like it seems like it makes
more sense to just collect the revenue
from taxing drugs and then to spend that
money appropriately on other things yeah
now you don't wanna have the tax too
high because as California may be doing
with regard to marijuana and things like
that because then you still
I'll create an illegal market well yeah
but I mean ideally like a large
corporation like theoretically if what
because of economies scale right Walmart
should be able to produce drugs and pay
some tax on it that should still be
cheaper than what it would cost it
illegally yeah I mean I've got a lot of
stuff that I'd like to research and then
return to if anybody has any final
things to say yeah oh no I just uh thank
you both for taking the time we can I
mean do you want to schedule I mean you
want to go through this data and maybe
schedule something else for two or a
couple weeks out that'd be yeah I mean
I'm headed to Germany in a couple days
for a week so I'll contact you when I
get back and then I'll set up another
day we can revisit so we've determined
that more guns equals less crime that's
right wait I'm actually you you know
this sounds like a I'm asking this
mainly for events and you don't have to
answer to be not comfortable not trying
to pigeonhole you into anything do you
think that race has some intrinsic
bearing on the proclivity of somebody to
commit crime or do you think that's a
big thing that needs to be talked about
more in the United States because I know
Vince likes to talk about that a lot no
I what I've mentioned before and this is
always Johnson people or your question
what is typical what I've said before is
that when I say gang members commit most
is the gun crime and then you say oh why
do you show only black and Hispanic
people in your gang in your videos about
gangs it's not my fault and I've
explained this to you already and you
accept this excel for instance I so
nation well I've said because the
national gang Center the national gang
center states that 46 percent of gang
members are Hispanic and 45 percent are
black or african-american and so it's
not my fault that that that's sure so
something so in all of this conversation
something that John has never done or I
haven't heard him say this maybe I
missed it
John has never made an appeal to
demographics which you do constantly and
he hasn't shown me a graph of the
percentage of people that are killed due
to guns in some states next to the
number of the percentage of white people
there I haven't heard John do that at
all you do this relentlessly Vince
that's why I was just curious if John
had a position title showing you don't
have to either I mean here's my view on
the world that is we have a horrible
public school system in these urban
areas
that I don't think does a very good job
of educating young blacks and Hispanics
who are there and I think it reduces
their returns for kind of legitimate you
know law-abiding activity you know going
and doing it and at the same time we
have this drug war that we've talked
about where it looks like people can go
and make a fair amount of money in a
relatively short time by engaging in
illegal activity and if I so I don't
think there's anything inherent in terms
of race and crime I think it's a lot of
bad things I think we've had the
destruction of the black family if it
were me I would do things like have
voucher systems to introduce competition
in schools in these urban areas there's
no reason why these kids have to be
locked in to these horrible public
schools that they're stuck with let them
go to elite schools or something like
that a lot of these states you know
spend huge amounts of money per pupil
but it's not really obvious to me that
we're getting very much return do that
in combination with reducing their
incentives for being in gangs which is
some of the stuff that we've talked
about before and I think you'd see major
changes that would be occurring I'm sure
destiny probably disagrees with you on
the school voucher system though um I
disagree in the prescription but I think
we agree on the problem yeah I don't
know if I would necessarily bashers but
providing better education to people
would definitely help in a whole host of
ways especially oh the recidivism as
horrible as it is in the United States
right as soon as you enter the prison
system the likelihood of finding a job
afterwards decreases the likelihood of
you maintaining stable family
relationships decreases more children
born out of where like a whole bunch of
horrible [ __ ] happens as a result of
that in education I would just say look
would we want the government to be
provided making cars we want the
government to be making computers is
there a lot of things that we would like
the government think that they can do a
better job producing than people who
actually would have a financial
incentive to me teachers should be paid
based on how good the job that they do
teaching they shouldn't be paid based on
how many years they've been a teacher
and whether they have certain
credentials rather so you know I think
the way
the pay scales are set up to create
incentives for teachers in public
schools is just doesn't focus their mind
your attention on making sure that
they're doing the best job now that
doesn't mean that there aren't
well-meaning people that are there but
you know take something like tenure I
mean how many businesses do you have
where after you you work for a year at a
place you're basically it's almost
impossible to fire you do we really
think that that gives people the right
incentive to make sure that they do the
best job they can I kind of this I don't
wanna get too far into this but wouldn't
an argument for tenure be something
related to the idea that like we want
professors to focus on their research
and not feel like their job might be
threatened if they're okay well this is
something I've actually done a lot of
research on and and I think it has the
exact opposite
you think they get lazy and don't do as
good of a job for research why I think
they do become lazier there's a lot of
evidence that once you get tenure your
research output falls by about half but
beyond that in terms of so that what
you're bringing up is that the notion of
tenure protects people for taking
riskier positions okay
the pride an ideal were again second but
the problem is is that the people who
you're being protected from know that
okay and so they look at you really
carefully before they give you 10 so if
you have somebody who may have different
political views so like you look at law
schools you know something like 93% of
law professors are registered as
Democrats 4% are registered as
Republicans uh if you you know you don't
want to alienate other people if you're
a Republican that's there you're gonna
keep your views very close to your vest
but somebody who won't make anything
political for seven years probably isn't
somebody who's going to speak out very
much if you do you know you're gonna
risk not getting tenure and so if you
were to have instead of tenure let's say
five-year contracts then they may say
look you know maybe he's gonna do
something that upsets us but maybe not
let's take a risk on him he seems like a
bright person and if then you do
something that upsets them then they can
fire you but if it's an all-or-nothing
thing that once they give you tenure
they're going to be stuck
you forever you're gonna look at your
political views and stuff like that
really carefully and your research to
see whether you're gonna be doing
something that's gonna upset them before
they give you a chair okay yeah I come
okay cool well yeah I guess I appreciate
the conversation it's been fun I'll
shoot Vince an email or whatever in a
week and we'll reschedule something for
hopefully like two to three weeks from
now after I've had time to like really
chew through a lot of this
yeah thanks like [ __ ] one thing in the
winter before before you go one thing I
do want to ask you while he's here still
is about the the family structure of the
fatherless homes going from 22 percent
in the black community in the 1960s to
70s something somewhere around 77
percent today what what is your
prescription for for for helping that
out and I think in all communities
actually think of what White's white
Americans went from 5% in the 1950s and
60s to almost a quarter or I think it's
actually closer to 30% today of
fatherless homes what's your
prescription for fixing that would it be
targeted at the welfare state in this
country yes no John I'll just say
generally you know I think there was
some real problems with the welfare
system the way it was set up the way
that if a father was present it would
affect they're going to go and get
welfare payments and that created really
perverse incentives to go and help the
father not live with the family that's
there and I think it had real long-term
lasting damage and it's particularly
poor people but once you know you didn't
have the same percentage of whites on
welfare as you had for minority groups
and so the minority groups were more
disproportionately harm as a result of
that then you had for whites yeah do you
have any disagreements there destiny um
I would have to that this would be like
another like really drawn-out
conversation I think I would still point
to I think I was no point to war on
drugs related stuff I think it feels
like being a curse yeah
I feel like being incarcerated has such
a horrible impact on your future and the
future of any potential kids are current
kids you have it just seems so hard if
people whether or not people get married
seems to be predicated on some level of
wealth you've achieved and whether or
not you've gone to prison will have a
big impact on that you know like going
to jail obviously impedes your ability
to raise your child like there's just so
much bad stuff for living that but to
like wait these in terms of like what
percentage is because the prison stuff
what percentage because this I don't
know that off thought I wouldn't be able
to do that I mean look I agree drug
gangs queerness financial and set up for
people to join them because it's illegal
and that draws people so you know women
my black and Hispanic women may realize
that there's a reasonable chance that
the guy that they're seeing may be in
jail for some period of time that
creates real problems in terms of
relationships it's there and just the
guy being able to be around when he
comes out maybe she's with somebody else
at that time but you should agree that
drug gangs since one of merit many
problems are created like having the war
on drugs okay good alright so we will
have you both back on very very soon I'm
sure
destiny is going to come up with some
arguments for what was said here today I
would assume so is there anything else
that you guys want to add before we
close this out no that's good I
appreciate it
Steve if you want to email me or
something and you know want something to
be clear or questions before and I'm
happy to try to respond to those too
yeah I appreciate the conversation and
well yeah we'll have something set up in
a few weeks for sure all right
when when will you be available you said
I'll be back for anything on the 17th 17
okay we'll talk then yep thanks like ice
right John you can stay on real quick
just for the end of this here I'm just
okay I just got ambushed in the worst
way possible so typically when I do
these types of things we usually go by
I'll basically do like a like
preliminary ask research and then I kind
of likes you together like well what is
the consensus I look up self-defense gun
use bah bah bah bah bah and then I kind
of like peddle that towards people and
then I kind of see how they engage with
it often
times they have the total inability to
do this when it comes to actually like
hardcore like digging into things the
only two times I've ever done this are
related to middle-eastern stuff after my
right Dawson debate and then preparing
for the economic argument for
immigration forlorn southern but for
guns
I have not like dug through the [ __ ]
like actual like going into the
methodology of all the studies and [ __ ]
so I have to decide if I mean I should I
guess gun the thing is that like gun
debates are so boring to me like it's
not an issue that I feel strongly about
related to say like immigration or
healthcare so it would suck to like dump
a week of time into this but um I mean I
guess I can do it but um oh and Fuentes
well that was kind of related to
immigration as well right yeah the
Fuentes stuff but um yeah so I mean I
probably will I guess we can start like
I guess we can start digging through
this stuff it is um well I kind of have
to know I guess since I brought them on
and I said I'd respond to because they
should Center articles debunking Lots
talking points yeah I know I just have
to like it's this is gonna like require
like more in-depth reading than just
write because I mean firstly because the
guy's a PhD a kind of mystery like I
can't just say like oh well he's wrong
about everything right we have to
actually really dig into his [ __ ] it's
so funny how he brought someone to
defend his point we got blown [ __ ]
well I'm a little bit irritated that he
just he basically told me that he had
like an economist like I'd say he didn't
tell me he had like oh by the way I have
a PhD researcher that's often cited by
the NRA I will say though that it's like
it's really really really funny to watch
the difference between like um you have
like the more traditional like
neoconservative versus like the kind of
like the newer like Trump ask like race
realist conservative you could see like
their heads butting a lot so like for
instance like the John guy I don't think
John like I legitimately like [ __ ]
hates black people right or has like any
type of racial bias he might have a huge
bias because he's funded by the NRA for
stuff like related to guns or he might
have like a huge economic bias I don't
know about that apparently like there
are a lot of people that are very
consent I have a lot of contentious with
a lot of studies but it was really funny
watching Vince try to pivot back into
like black people are evil while this
guy just kind of wanted to talk about
like the economic cause of everything
like it like the John Locke I very much
felt more to me like like a classical
like a libertarian esque person that was
trying to make arguments and then Vince
is like the fascist slash race realest
person trying to make arguments but um
yeah I thought that was pretty funny why
did you let him compared the u.s. state
of Brazil and Russia
I have to look into it more there's a
lot of stuff that I wrote a bunch of
stuff down like this is just gonna be
like a week of like stream reading and
whatnot but yeah I mean I want to
revisit the conversation but I have to
like dig we have to actually [ __ ]
like read studies and [ __ ] if we wanted
to get to this I think this is a little
bit arrogant of me to say but I think
that I have a decent enough
understanding of like methodology or can
read about methodologies to contest
whether or not he's being honest and
whether or not the methodology is he's
saying or being useful or not I could be
wrong there though I might have peeled
my audience a little bit and find out if
I have any like because I know I've got
like people that do a criminal justice
and one out of my community cuz they
email me before when I told another guy
talk to him why am I doing this
find your own PhD economist well I'm
gonna have a lot of those my commit one
night a lot I have some in my community
but it'd be nice to get something with a
like an actual background unlike
criminal and like criminal justice I
don't know if like an economist isn't
necessarily well no I shouldn't say that
because economists probably deal with a
lot of similar types of datasets as like
sociologists and whatnot do so I mean
there's probably like a lot of crossover
in terms of methodologies and whatnot
but his chat when the guy said race and
nothing to do with it and we needed a
voucher system oh yeah I was gonna read
out some of these but I didn't want to
like just make John uncomfortable maybe
I should have blacks and [ __ ] can't
learn lemay oh every biological sus
genetic attribute has an impact on
everything could we draw a correlation
types observable behave in shared traits
sure why couldn't you race matters don't
[ __ ] Vince stand your ground
you can't just blame school as blacks
commit crime at high rates though the
entire world historically black college
psychologists would see more funding
than any other kind of university this
is utter nonsense
so IQ for blacks has nothing to do with
their destruction back then we did they
did better because of white culture all
black countries are in ruins black
people could do better than they are but
you can't ignore racial differences
maybe black should follow I wanted to
read some of these but oh yeah King star
his super ass blasted oh wait never mind
he tweeted at me twice today two or
three times so I feel so special so
popular I mean my friend he tweeted at
my friend
do you think that John was aware of
Vincent's dog whistles well John might
be racist I don't know I just don't know
that like so maybe he was intentionally
not acknowledging it I don't have the
background to know that but honestly
like he jiong guy just seemed like a
kind of like a libertarian guy I don't
know if he was like racially motivated
in the same way that Vince clearly is I
feel like something that I I'm gonna
start doing at the start of all of my
debates when I debate conservatives like
this is I want to have like a clear like
four or five clip thing that like
establishes at the onset of a
conversation at least to my audience of
the person that I'm debating is racist
it gets really [ __ ] annoying dealing
with dishonest [ __ ] like Vince that
won't admit like yeah I think black
people are worse than white people it's
really irritating when somebody like
that like smugly like grins and giggles
and pretends that's not what he's saying
it's really really really really
irritating did I miss something I was at
a relatively wholesome debate with you
guys mostly great on solutions except
you had hundred of J research well we
agree a lot on whether or not guns cause
crime but I don't have the backgrounds
to disagree with somebody like that I
mean I've said this a million times in
my past I know nobody believes me but
like if you bring a PhD you know like
I'm not gonna sit there and debate him
like I can't do that it's way outside of
my it would be absolutely insane for me
to do that without having like I have
this been a lot of time to came to the
background I've been consulting other
experts on it first it seems like y'all
agreed on a good bit what do you think
the big say should be for the next
conversation well the disagreement is
going to be whether or not more guns
increases or decreases crime that's the
big thing although I think most
agreements like the war on drugs is real
dumb there you're not you're not gonna
find anybody conservative or liberal
that's gonna disagree about getting rid
of the war on drugs it's been absolutely
fights failed like it's failed like a
million times on but we knew ten years
ago we know in her Bush that had failed
but we still push it and it's still
horribly damaging to the United States
and horribly damaging to Mexico like in
so many different ways like Jesus Christ
should all drugs be legal I mean at the
very least things like weed and like
psychedelics like should probably be
legal what things like opiates and
whatnot I'm not sure about that I don't
know it's a harder one
there's a ton of credit system of law I
know I know I know I know but I can't
engage with that on the fly I can't read
a Wikipedia article on the fly be like
oh well people have this bubble because
I'm sure he's got responses for all of
that why shouldn't they be legal well
because obviously these are drugs like I
don't think anybody for instance should
abuse heroin I don't think that's like a
thing that anybody should do - now
should be legislated I mean not sure I
don't know
[Music]
