hello everyone welcome to the new
startups podcast i'm here with zed and
stephen and it has got yeah we're gonna
be doing some good stuff today going
over arguably the most popular way to
learn how to program that there is I
think at this point
so hello Zed and Steven what's up hey
how's gone thank you so said for the
people who don't kind of program out
there and be good to hear a little bit
just if you could do kind of a mile high
intro to yourself and what you do at
this point
yeah no problem alright so basically I'm
a programmer I've been programming for a
real long time and around 2009 I started
a series of books called the learn
Python Ruby JavaScript see like all the
different part languages I can and it's
learned programming the hard way and
learned code the hard way and basically
I write these books for total beginners
that assume you know nothing and take
you from nothing and you can actually
code when you're done I mean assuming
you actually get through the book that's
why I call them the hard way cuz it's
kind of I don't know it's a challenge
for some folks to get through it but
it's structured and you can get through
it and that's it it's not so much that
they're difficult it's this that they're
different
so other books kind of come from an era
when you just threw a bunch of problems
at people and then they sink or swam and
so people aren't used to that that's
kind of like how a lot of American
schools are done and mine is much more
kind of lockstep structured and logical
but you kind of have to do what I say so
I think that's the difficulty for it
it's funny because in Russia the name of
my book is learned Python the easy way
so in Russia I guess they just do it
this way anyways but in the u.s. it's
the hard way because they're used to
what's called a constructivist or
Socratic method so I'm curious so then
it like in your books do you give people
like big problems to work on in the end
like it seems like we're at the end like
it seems like in a lot of programming
books or at least in a little bit
unfamiliar with usually they're oriented
around certain types of projects where
by the end of this you'll be able to do
like a certain thing do you avoid that
in your book could you just approach it
in a different way I approach in a
different way where I give like small
incrementally larger projects throughout
so because I'm starting with total
beginners I can't be like you know four
exercises in now write a web app so but
four exercises in I might try to break
your code you know and then about
halfway through I'm like here here's a
little game and it's like a text
adventure with three rooms you know so
by the time you're done you can do a web
app but also I tell people my books are
more like after you read my book you can
handle another book so they're the bits
all the material that most other
programming books expect you to already
know what's your what's your take on
kind of the proliferation of all of the
programming schools I think you could
say cluding boot camps and what have you
at this point is that doing a harm is
that a good thing what type of knowledge
are people kind of getting when they're
pulling out their you think that you
know does that hurt you at all they're
yeah so let's see what's you're doing
all that not really it's sort of a
complement to mine and in fact I think
what I basically did is because my books
were free or naturally I sort of gave
those schools their free complements so
one of the big strategies when you do
business and programming is you
commoditize your complement so if your
main thing is selling an operating
system then you want to commoditize pcs
right and you want to make them as cheap
cheap cheap as possible and so the the
sort of commodity to a coding school is
coding curriculum and I basically create
a curriculum that was free and that sort
of made it so a lot of people could
start learning and become interested in
code schools and then it made it easier
for code schools to kind of exist so in
a way it's sort of symbiotic but I think
one of the things that I don't like is a
lot of schools are pretty predatory and
have a lot of sort of like little scams
that they pull to sort of state ahead I
know one school they actually got sued
Flatiron school got sued by the state of
New York and they had to pay up like two
hundred fifty thousand three hundred
fifty thousand dollars and it was
because it refused refunds and they lied
about their placement rates and all that
and then they had to be bought by I
think we were so yeah if you read that
lawsuit that's pretty much every school
you find that people can you hear a lot
of stories of people like they go
through your books and they're they're
getting a job out of that afterwards or
is that really not the case
now so I have a sort of like a new
design where by the time you're done
you're you're okay but my earlier books
you know like when you were done I was
very honest about it when you're done
with my book you're not gonna get a job
like you basically know the very basic
basic basics and then I appointed people
at like tons other books right and I
told folks I was really honest about it
was why I said it was the hard way I was
like not 24 hours this was like a year
or two but some people who already have
a background like if they have a
background in math and they have a
background in music literature actually
surprisingly um other languages those
folks would tear through my book tour
through two more and then they'd be off
getting a job so it's entirely based on
the individual interesting so kind of
our second thing here which would be
very interesting is to hear your history
because it's not like you're some guy
who sold the company for a billion
dollars and then decided you want to
help people but you were actually a
certified wage slave for quite a period
of time and you yeah so what's your
what's your history can you tell us kind
of you know where did you get from just
a wee long we young lassie up to where
you are these days young lassie yeah so
actually yeah when I was a kid I was
very very poor like we I was SuperDuper
poor I was a foster kid like everything
and so my big dream when I was growing
up was to get a desk job coding for like
$30,000 a year like that was my that was
my whole goal when I was younger and I
did that I joined the army and then I
got him went to college and then after
college I got jobs and you know slowly
just kept working at different companies
and stuff like that I didn't really
aspire to be famous I didn't aspire to
do anything other than to just work but
on the side I loved writing code so much
I just wrote all this open source and I
wrote blogs and I just wrote it was just
like I had to and out of that it started
getting me more work and then at a
certain point is sort of like keeping me
from getting work it was kind of weird
like the more famous I got an open
source the harder it was to get jobs
which is like you'd think not the other
way is supposed to be all the way around
and yeah over time I actually was
working at Bear Sterns and they
collapsed and I was actually working
there for like eight months and they
imploded in like a weekend it was crazy
well I'm actually curious real quick
because you mentioned doing a lot of
open source work so I mean it's
today as not a programmer seems like the
open source communities is alive and
well and there's like massive you know
reasons you can contribute to well what
years were you doing kind of like this
open source work and was the community
anywhere near is large or healthy as it
is today or was this like a more niche
thing or net is so I've been doing an
open source since I was a kid on BBS's
since I was like 15 I wrote little daus
utilities and uploaded them to BBS and
stuff and um I only had a computer for
about three years then so I'm from like
twelve to fifteen and then I didn't have
one and then we were join the army
around what years this you want to know
how old am i okay just like a rough are
we talking like it okay yeah so that no
that'd be a eighties eighties oh man I
think yeah cuz cuz I graduate from high
school in 92 yeah and then that I
graduate from high school in 92 man no
I'm in that weird Gen X that that like
that team Gen X I think yeah and so no
there was no community it was all BBS's
and like I had to buy floppies in order
to install Linux you know when I joined
the army a computer when everyone else
was out buying cars I bought a computer
you know and I put I got like a huge box
of floppy disks I think it's mean a half
inch disks and and there was 72 of them
and I loaded Linux that way you know so
this is pre internet this is pre I had
news groups but I was not in and then
just every over the years every year I
had some kind of thing I wrote some kind
of code a book some book I went through
once the internet took off I started
publishing online and it was all like
the little dumb utilities I just have an
idea and I go try it I had this idea try
it I haven't done it and I would kind of
contribute I'd fix bugs you know but I
think really um and then I did a lot of
work in Java that was a time but I think
really if the open source really didn't
take off until sort of after Java came
around I'm gonna say like well so mm
kind of killed software because you know
all the tech companies imploded but and
then that sort of was yeah that was sort
of like a renaissance for open-source
because people couldn't get jobs they
just wanted to hack on
source and I think from around 2000 2008
and I would say the modern open-source
kind of community style came around Ruby
on Rails I want to say around 2006 when
that exploded so what was here so you
were going through your history so you
had some jobs what was the last job I
guess that you had before you and what
happened there um yeah so I was working
at Dropbox and that was terrible they
were awful
they just started there were total
amateurs it was just it was bad it was
bad I couldn't handle it I was a wuss
I went during I thought I picked the
best company and I did that's very
interesting because so many people
romanticize the being on part of the
founding team of the company that ends
up being worth billions of dollars but
why like what part of that really like
[ __ ] this this is um you know the
biggest thing and this is sort of one of
my biggest criticisms of both
open-source and every tech company
especially startups especially in the
valley is they sort of had this weird
mythological love of : mr. Teflon it's
like some guy who solved the problem ten
years ago and they can't they don't want
to fire him and those people become
toxic and that was just everywhere and
and it's sort of like if you go out
drinking with the boss you're never
going to get fired that kind of thing
and so while I was working there I came
out with my Python book and it was I
wasn't charging anyone and then I was
kind of like really hate and Dropbox and
then I found out I just had a PDF up I
wasn't even paying attention you'll find
this is a common pattern I don't pay
attention to how popular I am and then I
find out later oh wow oops
I could have charged for that so it's
really common but in one year it had
250,000 downloads of this PDF and at
that point I was like oh wow
so I started making videos as her
finishing it I started charging like two
or three bucks and that started making
me enough to quit Dropbox and kind of
just do my own thing so what is the so
you've done this thing what was the path
so for getting on so kind of the neck
segments of this is starting a business
so you have wait can I say question I'm
actually really yes I because a lot of
people are really good at doing certain
things whether it's playing video games
or programming or whatever not a lot of
people enjoy the aspect of teaching
things
why have you always had like a penchant
for like wanting to show people things
or did you spend too much time on forum
something people troubleshoot like why
why make a book helping other people to
call like what was the initial
inspiration for that oh actually I went
to school to study guitar and the
teachers are so bad that I had to go get
this book Miki Baker's jag I'd to jazz
guitar and I was in jazz classes these
guys couldn't teach at all they just
yelled at you that was it
and so I got this book and he broke the
playing guitar down into 52 lessons in
each lesson assumed you know he knew
nothing and as long as you did what he
said you could play jazz and so I did
that over like the summer break for the
school and when it came back I could
play all the chords that they said I
needed to know and I can play and and I
went to the school basically I did okay
I found out I was a bad guitar player
nose bottle I figured out but then when
I started working for Dropbox in San
Francisco I had the idea hey you know I
think I could write a programming book
that does the same thing as this guitar
book that carves learning to code in two
fifty-two exercises and breaks it down
really really simply so in a lot of ways
I'm basically copying this weird guitar
book from the 50s like not a lot of
people know about it and that was where
I got into it and then I sort of got
into AI like a really like reverse
engineering how people will understand
things and misunderstand things so I've
always been good at writing
documentation writing software that
people can use I sort of get a kick out
of that like for me writing software is
much more about either messing with
people like I'll do some funny project
or sort of like figuring out the way
people are really using something and
coming up with a new way to do it or an
idea and much less about sort of like
solving a technical problem I'm much
more into like solving a social problem
I would say not even social just sort of
like a brain problem that's really cool
I am I've got a music background too and
I noticed that um it seems like learning
music is very much learning how to learn
you know like breaking things
to manageable chunks like you really
have to if you want to make it anywhere
there so that's pretty interesting you'd
say that it's interesting I'm also
taught myself to paint and I did the
same thing I basically call myself to
paint that kind of prove out the method
yeah and it totally works I basically I
just realized the material in sort of
the same way I did all my programming in
my music material and I just went
lockstep through like several books that
had it and structured organization
organized exercises and you know it's
just a method that works really well for
getting started I don't think it works
good for like advanced topics yeah like
if like if it's really complex things
but forgetting your basic skills done so
you can then learn the advanced topics a
structured logical sort of like system
it's the way to go and I think that's
the thing is um I'm a systems guy I make
AI system systematize all sorts of stuff
and and I think all it is I just applied
that same thinking to doing a education
so I just systematized education and
then break it down presented to people
and it works yeah cool all right you
were gonna talk about yesterday the
business town yeah yeah
so you had this popular going through
your mind what are the steps you you
have from this small like you must have
made almost nothing at this point like
you you weren't even charging for it at
that point or did you start now so it
wasn't charging for it yeah so what what
goes through your mind and you're like
okay maybe this can be a business enough
that you're gonna quit your job also
because you're in San Francisco at this
point things are expensive if you might
have to him say things but like this is
a big jump to make from just having a
download off of something right yeah
exactly it's huge and I think the other
thing too is um when I had that and I
found out that it was turned 50 or
350,000 downloads I posted my web logs I
anonymized them and I posted them the
hacker news and I was like hey prove me
wrong this Python book that I've been
working on has like three hundred two
thousand downloads and it got a whole
bunch of replies and then like six
months later that's when all the code
Academy and all the sides those code
teaching started started so uh I suspect
like I sort of proved that there was a
market because I don't think any of
those existed before me and and so
that's sort of like that's where I was
like oh man
I really need to get out there at least
put free material out there and find a
way to survive off of it so that way
people don't have to go to these code
schools because I was really worried
that two reasons why I made the book
free was one I didn't want computers to
sort of control folks right I wanted
them to be able to sort of master their
their domains and use them for things
that they wanted to do and then also I
didn't want the code schools to start of
like take over teaching programming
because I felt like they just weren't
really putting enough effort and into it
and they didn't really have enough care
as to help people learn can you remind
us what the market for learning to
program looks like way back in the day
of when Dropbox was first starting when
you did this like how bad was it at that
point if you wanted to learn to program
was it literally you're going to a
Barnes & Noble or a Borders and hang up
an O'Reilly textbook or what's happened
yeah so if you take to say learn at me I
had no internet when I learned to code
so I had to buy books or borrow books
from the library I'm mostly from the
library and then as I was at Dropbox it
still wasn't much better you still had
to go get books all the books were
written only for experts like there is I
can think of two books ever written for
beginners and if a book was written for
a beginner it assumed it was a kid so it
was all cutesy and had cartoons and
didn't go deep into the subjects so
there was nobody doing that if you
wanted to learn to be a professional you
had to either go to school and get a
degree even that didn't guarantee
guarantee you because all the schools
have just taught Java or C sharp like
there was just no diversity at all
people came out not knowing multiple
languages not I'm annoying any platforms
being being basically just thought to be
work slaves to be honest I don't think
there's a single computer science
department that I can think of that
teaches people to be entrepreneurial if
in fact I don't think there's a single
engineering school that does that I'm
probably wrong I'm pretty sure there's
some but today we're not a reason back
in those times back in those days but I
think even now the vast majority of them
are not entrepreneurial I think you if
you want to learn anything about like
entrepreneurial engineering you have to
either go to like an incubator a VC
startup thing or go to the business
school that's actually where I went
I've got sick of it and I basically got
a degree and
computer information systems so I could
get business experience and it clarify
here when you say entrepreneurial are
you talking about like the ability to to
work on a project and kind of market and
on your own and do work independent of a
major company here yes yes I think
almost every class I had in the business
school or the computer science school or
the engineering school was all about
group work it was very little about how
to manage your own projects how to
manage yourself how to organize
freelancers how to do things like that
very little I didn't learn I was in the
business school and I didn't learn
anything about how do you start a
business how do you go like do your
accounting how do you get an accountant
how do you do like just basic stuff
which would be there's a business 101
that's it's really funny you say that I
don't I don't know if this applies
everybody my experience is very limited
but I noticed when working with
engineers a lot or developers that it
it's very strange that them it seems
like there are people that are very good
at working at things and very good at
kind of like taking very direct orders
but when you kind of leave them with too
much freedom or or without enough
direction things can get very lost very
quickly and I'll see ya and I noticed it
when you can find that person like
people that I have working you know like
David I like it can chat like people
that can take some direction but then
can delegate responsibilities and assign
people to task that's like a very rare
quality and somebody that can also work
as like a developer or an engineer it's
really hard to find less people yeah for
me I learned those skills in the army to
be honest I didn't actually learn them
in school at all and I went and I did
computer science courses and I did
engineering courses and business courses
and not a single time did they teach you
just basically working on your own and
and for me I think being able to work on
your own and complete a project is sort
of a precursor to being able to work
with others I don't think it's I don't
think they have it right that you have
to that you have to be forced to work in
a group or you're gonna be a robot
there's a how to sort of how they think
swath of books that are out there kind
of the 4x hour workweek series of stuff
and you know yeah the four hour or the
self-help you know just do you think
there's value in that do you think that
that whole virtual assistant model is
scalable or do you think that it's just
designed to sell books I think a lot of
that I mean if you look a lot of those
things are designed to sell books and
I'm sort of like a firm believer in sort
of a good example of if you want to get
ahead or you want to have a life that
you like you have to sort of work hard
on your own at it and if you have the
money yeah you can pay for it you can
get people to help you can hire
assistants I do like I have people who
do copy editing and things like that but
if if you follow these things were like
they're telling you you're gonna be
wealthy if with just four hours of work
oh you know a week and I'm kind of like
thinking I kind of like working can I
work more than four you know it's sort
of like I don't I don't see you getting
any value out of that
I think if it's something that's
valuable it's difficult right and then
if it's difficult it's gonna require
work and you can't just do it for four
hours a week and then there's other
things too I know other people who are
like oh if you just join my open-source
you can drive race cars like I do and
I'm like well that guy also got like
seven million dollars from Amazon and
has a whole bunch of other things
helping him out and so you know it's a
lot of luck that they don't tell you
about you know and I think that's the
thing is all those books where they're
trying to tell you oh yeah here's the
easy way to making money they don't tell
you all the luck they had right well
there's a lot of survivorship bias in
the industry especially because everyone
wants to say like I came from nothing I
made it you can too and I think exactly
a lot of reminds me a lot of the Bill
Gates dropped out of high school so I
should be able to - or whatever you know
it's like okay well write a million
other people that dropped out of high
school and Bill Gates didn't drop out of
high school because he was failing
remedial English you know he's because
he was already doing a ton of other work
on the side that he deciphers go for
Hannah a good example is Bill Gates so
his father was a very high power very
powerful lawyer in the Seattle area the
only reason that he was able to make
ms-dos into a business is because his
dad sued the good guy who he got ms-dos
from and then he got the rights to it
you know so his without his dad doing a
lot of legal work for him he would have
been nothing and that's an example you
know you don't hear about this stuff of
course you always just never dropped out
of high school started my startup you
can do it too if you weren't such a lazy
exactly right and the me I'm very honest
I tell people like no I mean I worked
hard but
I really liked it but I did get lucky
because I stumbled on I mean if you
think about all I did was I copied a
guitar book and turned it into a
programming book right there's skill I
think also in recognizing that so you
know don't downplay yourself the faculty
you know yeah right place right time but
you recognize that it was the right
place in the right time oh so that's a
thing remember I let it sit for like a
year and it had 350 thousand downloads
so I actually didn't recognize it so I
was like really late this is a common
thing I'm like oh hey I'm gonna make
this thing and it explodes and becomes
Whopper I'm like wait why do people like
me so and then oh wait and again just
years old because I'm the time span is
very interesting this is around when did
you start working for Dropbox and quit
Dropbox 2009 and then I quit like
probably eight months later I mean not
very long okay and then before that I
was going to that guitar school after
Bear Stearns collapsed and then before
that I was trying to survive in New York
and it was weird because I was trying to
do Java but I became known as a ruby guy
and then um David Hannum er Hanson he
had some weird presentation where he
told Java guys to basically go [ __ ]
themselves and so like the next day I
could not get work so and so I was
running around New York like not really
getting work and then I got a job at
Bear Sterns they collapsed and I got a
severance I turned that into a guitar
school and studied and then just applied
for a job after that and at Dropbox so
that's all like 2008 to 2009 and then I
quit Dropbox because I thought I could
do the business and it actually worked
it actually um basically what it is I
the first step was I had the product I
had to finish it and so I started
interacting with people a lot more
before I just had it uploaded it was
just something I heard on when I watch
TV yeah so it was like it wasn't even on
a web page really it was just hanging
off a URL and I would arc sync it up
whenever I did more work and then I told
a couple of people in IRC and then it
exploded from there and I had no idea
though because it's not really on a page
nobody had to register to get it I
didn't do anything
and so what I did is I took it more
seriously I fixed it up a copy edited it
and then finished it off and then I put
it up on there was some publisher or
business before any of the Amazon stuff
and I put up there for paper and then I
charged I put it on a place that would
charge for it and I charged like 2 bucks
and so people started paying for it and
then and they were it was still free and
you could go buy it and so folks were
just buying it mostly just out of
respect like I totally you have to buy
it and that's sort of basically paying
my rent and get me started were you
paying out of pocket for the host you
can everything was this a big deal back
in 2010 wasn't bandwidth a little bit
more expensive or not oh it's a PDF I
mean it's like tiny tiny it was yeah no
I was not expensive to host it back then
this is 2009 so I mean I was paying like
20 bucks for hosting thing and I never
went over their caps at all okay yeah
there's not videos videos are totally
different back then like videos turned
out to be a problem I actually had to
find somebody who would do the hosting
for the videos when I start doing that
well so YouTube then and still now has
very sort of loose rules about how they
own your stuff and the number one rule I
mean actually learn this from Steve I is
always on your rights so if you make a
copyrighted thing never put it anywhere
where they suddenly have the rights wait
um YouTube has rights on video so you
upload to their what they have yeah they
have a Terms of Service that allows them
to started to redistribute and do
anything they want to your stuff now
they don't work because I think that
would implode their platform if they
just started reselling your stuff
without some sort of compensation but
this is one of the reasons why they can
just deem on it so I didn't just do
whatever they want whenever they feel
like it
because it just comes down to like sort
of yeah basically if you upload it
anywhere read the Terms of Service
because a lot of times they will screw
you I actually got screwed by udemy
they took my content and they said they
were gonna resell it and I was like cool
and they made me like a boatload of cash
like 50 grand in one day so I was happy
with them for a bit and then a friend of
mine emails me they're like hey you know
they're selling your course my thirty
dollar course they were selling for two
dollars I'm like what and they go oh but
it's gonna bring you so many users I'm
like screw you that means those people
to support its users only benefit you
they don't benefit me at all
and so basically yeah if you don't
control your content you can have in the
world of copyright if you don't control
your rights then someone will screw you
that's just the way it works so so what
was the process of this so you first
step is you're making a website you're
gonna start charging for the PDF I
assume it's no longer free or do we keep
that up or how does that work and how do
you yeah what's the timeframe of all
this look like um so basically whenever
you do any sort of like book there's
sort of a hierarchy of needs of what
people will want so if you have HTML
people will pay the least for HTML
because HTML has been completely
devalued with advertising and newspapers
and whatnot it's like Google and a lot
of other folks have done a lot of work
to make HTML worthless basically so HTML
becomes a marketing thing that's all
hTML is good for right now
unless there's some sort of other value
attached to it right then people will
pay for a PDF and it's kind of weird
because I basically just run a script
and I produce all the outputs so they're
paying extra for me to run a bash script
it's kind of strange but they do they'll
pay for epubs and pdfs and but you can't
charge much more so I was charging like
two three dollars and you can get a epod
and put in a PDF and then I just found a
company that did that for me right no
like I've just uploaded it they charge
the two bucks they took their two cents
and then they gave people to download
right just to get started and then the
next thing people will pay a lot for is
instructional videos so there's a lot of
content like if you do a fiction book
things like that you can't do videos but
when it comes to programming arts music
anything we're like reading about it
it's not as good as watching people do
it so coding is very interactive like
watching me actually code helps people
sort of understand because I can say oh
you need to actually put you need to
debug it this way and it put in the book
and it doesn't make sense but I can do
in two seconds I'm like it's like this
button and people see it right so they
would pay extra for that and so once I
recorded videos then I started charging
$30 and and then I got picked up by
Pearson for publishing it was
interesting because I had sent Pearson
my book out of some
and they said no everyone thinks it
sucks they sent it to a bunch of PhDs
who are like no this isn't okay and then
my book exploded and then they came back
they're like please please please can we
publish your book and so I was like okay
but I get to sell it myself I keep the
rights they optioned it and then I
produce I did all the production's I
could control it and then they only sell
it in like the places I can't so Amazon
Barnes & Noble places like that or
difficult to get into if you're not a
publisher that's the case I thought you
can basically self publish on Amazon or
is that somewhat different and yeah when
I started that was what much more
difficult and getting into Barnes &
Noble and stuff is is pretty hard they
really only want to work with a few big
publishers and there's not many
publishers left anymore so independent
publishing now is almost all done where
you basically get your book published
and there's companies in China and India
that do really great publishing they'll
create your books up and send em
straight to Amazon and then you can
basically sell a book for say $40.00 and
cost you 2 bucks a pop and the iof a few
friends who do that so what are the
economics of that look like so I guess
getting a little bit into kind of the
physical versus digital realm of this
type of stuff selling a book a digital
copy versus selling a actual book how
does that profit affect you specifically
yeah so that's interesting because I
have a friend he writes a book called
two scoops of Django him and his wife
and they go the paper route and the
reason why is they originally put the
first version in their book up for
download and they don't do videos right
so you can pirate you can compare at a
PDF in like two seconds there's no
problem and so people would actually
walk up to him at conferences and be
like haha that's cool in your book you
know I was like what did at least keep
it to yourself
tell me you love my book you know
incidentally I have a thing we're like
if people tell me they people feel
really bad about pirating my book and I
tell them okay look if you just lie to
people he'll be Apple you bought it
that's the most awesome book ever and if
you get five people to buy my book you
pay me back more than you then your
and people do it too they go out and
they like if they feel bad about sin in
my book I'm like you know look I can't
say that's a good thing for you to do
because you know I got to control my
copyright but I can't do anything about
it so just hook me up with some
promotion or something
what is your views views piracy in
general yeah that's interesting do you
think the laws should be changed like
what yeah what's your view in general on
counter well so back to my friend Danny
so what he did is he solved the
copyright problem but he found a
publisher and believed in India they
published his book they sent it straight
to Amazon he sells it on Amazon it looks
like he's a regular publishing company
and everything and I think it costs him
I don't know exactly but I think it's
like a couple dollars per book and he
sells it for like 40 or something right
and what ends up happening is he's
making a pretty decent money off of it
but also he's limiting the number of
people who can get to his book so that's
the trade-off so there's a lot of people
who just won't go buy a physical book
they want to just immediate
gratification and have it show up on
their Kindle or download it to their
computer and then the second problem is
he can't include videos and his book
definitely would benefit from videos
right so he would have to raise his
price or his cost and per book to like
around ten dollars to get a CD added to
it or a DVD so that's the trade-off and
when it comes to piracy so you know my
issue with it is I sort of don't care if
it's someone who's poor or they can't
pay for it because they live in a
country that's bad you like there's a
bunch of country that banned PayPal and
I can't use anything but PayPal it's the
fraud amount on anything else is so high
I just can't I tried using several other
payments yeah all those they they punish
you for fraud 15 bucks a pop and they
provide zero fraud protection so you get
punished for someone else's crime and
someone else's incompetence and then if
you get too much fraud they ban you so I
was getting like because my book is sort
of needed I was getting maybe like two
or three fraud things a week and I heard
of people getting banned after to fraud
things so I think the only reason why
maybe I wasn't with the folks at stripe
and then I switched to PayPal because
PayPal is very good at fraud prevention
like they suck at everything else but
they're very good at pay and fraud
prevention and doesn't ding you too if
there is
you don't have to pay I there were
months where I had hundreds or there was
a month where I had $2,000 want some
stripe fees because somebody did a
massive stolen credit card charge and
then build it back and it saying oh well
surely there must be something I can do
to not have this and then it's like
everybody you know shifts on PayPal
relentlessly and Babel has its problems
but man if somebody you don't want to do
a chargeback on PayPal I just click the
refund button there's no fee exactly
exactly so PayPal is very good at how
they manage their finances when I get a
charge back it's done through an
arbitration process and then I just
refund them it's not a problem for me in
fact I think that's easier for some
folks if they want a refund they just do
it through PayPal yep cool that refund
and nobody's charged anything nobody's
dinged it happens immediately they get
it back into their account right away
they even recharged the refund the fee
for it so yeah refund the fee you know
whereas stripe has charged me 15 bucks
plus the 30 I'm gonna lose you know and
it's it's just hardcore in fact I tell
people if they're there like they're
gonna do an open source project and let
people tip I'm like no don't because the
first thing anyone who steals a credit
card does is it go test it on all these
open source tip systems mhm and they'll
like they'll do $2 charge and then if
you do a lot of those you get charged
back and then you're Joe you owe 15
bucks on a $2 charge you know the second
to collapse a company if you did that
yeah and that's per charge - so somebody
doesn't 20 times all of a sudden I want
to say when I use stripe I thought it
was $30 or $35 if he ecause I remember
somebody charging back like 10 or 20 and
I had like $500 in charge bag fees like
okay yeah yeah it's insane and then I
think the the big thing I'm fine okay so
yeah I have a product that's fraud prone
right so that's like porn educational
materials seems to be those things are
really fraud porn right um I think the
problem though is that stripe is sort of
is sort of blaming me for their failure
because it's not hard like I would look
and I would see that the zip code is
totally different from where the dude
bought it is I would have his IP address
and he'd be like in you know some
country in the middle of a Europe but as
credit cards from California I'm like
okay it's not hard you could do simple
geoip couple simple things you could
probably Brock block all your frog I
remember when stripe added on their
sites try finally added to the feature
to what they I was about the site to be
fair to stripe they've recently added
technology
well like I remember when I always using
a few years ago
added a new future and it was like you
could check a box to verify the zip code
to ask them that when they did the card
and I just remember reading I was like
wait it's a [ __ ] don't you guys do that
anyway what I think we do the [ __ ]
gas station really yeah I think I have
really bad experience with stripe yeah
the first time they rolled out fraud
protection they're like hey if you want
you can use our API to do fraud
detection like why don't you just do
that for me ya don't have to why do I
have to call API use you to do fraud
prevention I could just roll my own code
with the free geoip a database and be
done with it you know yeah anyway so um
back to the original question or one
thing that I think you asked me was what
like when I went to move into making
money with the product one of the things
that I ran into the hardest was actually
charging credit cards because this is
pre stripe pre everything you have to
use PayPal and and also accounting for
it so I was originally gonna do
donations and I finna trenin had
numerous people who told me no don't do
new nations cuz you get hit with fraud
all the time and then also it's hard to
explain right so you go to your
accountant or tax man you're like well
people give me free money because I'm
awesome you know whereas if you give
them anything you can give them like a
PNG it's been customized what's that
looks like certificate you given them
anything in exchange or then yes you can
say would people buy pngs with with like
pony drawings on them in their name and
the IRS was like yeah right it's a trade
and that's that right so that was the
main reason I charged for my book I was
really gonna do donations and then I had
all these people say don't do donations
and I just started charging two bucks
and that was sort of like the gateway
drug to actually like charging money for
my stuff so now your business is pretty
big I mean I've talked to a few people
especially you know very hardcore comp
side guys and they're like you know
learn X the hard way because you have a
whole series now it's not just learn
Python the hard way it's learned
everything it must be strange being one
guy and also somehow being I guess the
most popular programming series of books
that there is it's a very unique
situation to be in and you know you just
do I guess what you love full-time at
this point
as well right yeah pretty much I mean so
um it is a one-man shop so the thing
that I do is I use a lot of programming
to automate as much as I can and then I
also I try to use equipment to sort of
like smooth out all my production so
that's the key is I'm willing to pay say
like for example I have a sound system
by a company called rme this thing is
like $2,700
but it gives me the very best sound and
it's easy to process and I do not have
to do any Biagio processing when I'm
done so with my sound gear that I've
gotta probably Smita make me about 6000
sound gear I saved myself probably an
hour of audio processing per video so
back in the day I used to have to do not
just audio but like say 30 minutes audio
processing in 30 minutes editing then
another 30 minutes video then another 30
minutes rendering per video and if I
have to do 62 videos for a book then
just spending 6 grand is saving me well
potentially you know 6070 hours so it
pays for itself immediately and it's all
about like if you're running things on
your own it's all about either finding
someone you can pay to do a thing for
you or writing code to do it so a lot of
my automation I just automate the living
daylights out of everything and also
keeping things simple so originally I
try to write this whole sort of like
website to let people do like a full
course like in college and all I saw
anyone doing was logging in and
downloading they didn't do any of the
forum stuff any of the questions nothing
they emailed me so I paired it all down
to where you you buy it and then you log
in and you download I even got rid of
passwords so I set it up so that you do
an email authentication right and that
just got rid of like handling people's
password resets it's all about just
carving out like getting rid of anything
that gets in the way of you getting your
work done and your basic day and that's
pretty much what I do oh you're a
controversial dude supposedly I don't
know that you know I've talked to you
before but what's what's that all about
cuz like you even on your Wikipedia page
there's even like a section like
controversy and why do programming guys
get so mad when you say bad things about
their programming language like yeah
what's happening and and has that
affected your business at all um you
know not really so the wikipedia page is
funny for a while there I was Canadian
you know I'm Mike born in Texas and I
was in the US Army like on Wikipedia for
like five years I was Canadian I think
someone was messing with me right yeah
but anyways I don't know why they
thought I was Canadian and so this has
actually been something that I've been
really really interested in and also
sort of experiencing and you know for me
I'm just making stuff you know we're all
technologists so it's all about pushing
the envelope of technology and in order
to do that you have to find out what's
bad about technology you have to have a
critical mind towards how it works and
the thing is is I come in and I'm like
hmm you know this thing these people are
making kind of sucks I'm gonna make my
own thing or I'm gonna be like man that
sucks and people just lose it they lose
it and I couldn't figure out why because
for me if someone comes in and says that
sucks I'm like oh really well what's
wrong with it can you tell me oh okay
yeah you know maybe I can fix this I can
fix that like I said I'm a systematized
I fix things that's what I love to do I
love fixing stuff so I have no problem
people say something's broken people do
it all the time the email means like hey
this isn't working like hmm yeah maybe I
could drop that and move that over there
um but other folks when I say yeah this
this thing sucks why does it do this
this way they take it very personally I
think you're under the the fallout from
the things you've said you're making it
seem like oh some people are upset like
you had you had top posts on Reddit on
hacker news of people essentially saying
you know just hey hatred 48 saying he's
eight and that's the part of the
understand so if all it was was like I
say Python 3 sucks and then people go
and write their blog posts and they say
he's wrong I'm fine with that
that's discourse that's how it works in
fact there's one person Edie
she wrote a great blog post I didn't
agree with what she said but she just
went through what I said and disagreed
with me that's discourse that's what you
do
but the people that I have a huge
problem with of the people who I say
Python 3 sucks and then they go out and
tried to destroy my life try to destroy
my business keep me from making money
right massive screeds about how much of
an [ __ ] I am actually like hurt you
financially yes so there were two I had
a friend of mine email me the chat logs
from two guys who contacted him and told
him hey you need to take Zed Shaw's book
off your website
he's like why and they he doesn't like
Python strings I'm like wait okay so
you're gonna destroy someone's life
because they don't like strings what
kind of a pathetic loser weeny are you
man like who system ik the Biggest Loser
ever like what's next like some little
kid falls down you're like kill that kid
how dare he fall down it's so weird it's
bizarre and so I tried to understand
that I was actually wondering why I
couldn't figure out why folks sort of
just had this very huge strong reaction
and it's fine for people to not like me
I'm okay with that I can be you know a
polarizing figure for whatever reason
just because I disagree with some things
that's fine they can do whatever they
want they call me an [ __ ] is fine but
it's the amount of response so if I say
I don't like Python strings the proper
response are to go well you're wrong the
improper response the over-the-top
response is to send me a hate mail
telling me to kill myself and then try
to get me fired or try to get my
business destroyed that's insane that is
so insane I can there's a lot of like
there's a lot of that especially I guess
I would say even in the streaming or
gaming world is if you do something
wrong no a more prominent case do you
remember there was that woman who worked
for a company and she made some like bad
joke before she got on a plane or
something like saying like I think I
don't get AIDS or something in the world
went crazy and when she got on the plane
it's like she lost her job and you know
all this other stuff yeah so look I
think it's fine to you know disagree
with people right I think it's totally
fine to not like someone for their
opinions I think what what I couldn't
figure out was why was there this sudden
desire to destroy a person like
completely destroy someone but also not
just destroy them get together with
hundreds or thousands of your friends
and destroy them right I couldn't figure
it out and you know then I started to
sort of remember back in the day I sort
of had this thing where there was a
presentation by David Hannum on Hanson
where he basically told people I
weird and angry and I hadn't been doing
Ruby for years and I had no contact with
this guy had no idea where this came
from and I started getting these weird
sort of like kill yourself death threats
like what is this guy's problem and I go
into looking like Oh
so David's kind of coming after me so I
started I had been ever since for a
while sort of like the researching open
source and how it works and also how the
pattern used an open source is very
similar to fascism like the way fascist
propaganda has done where really yeah
it's very interesting so there's a book
called the anatomy of fascism it's the
best summary of it and basically it
comes down to they they craft a
community they imagine some kind of
humiliation right and they declare
someone an enemy so that enemy created
humiliation for you right and then they
do it they claim they do it for like
nationalism or the community or whatever
but really it's for some sort of like
hidden upside and then they gain power
through that right so they're try to
manipulate people through this pattern
and then when you go and you look at
open source marketing that's exactly the
same patter and then use and so I was
kind of like okay these guys are
fascists and then I spent a whole year
traveling around doing presentations
telling them they were fascist so it's
kind of funny because I would invite me
to their conference and I be like yeah
this is why you guys are fascists like
oh maybe we are um and then I sort of
thought well and then incidents like
this happened where people are going
crazy over me just saying I don't like
your software I'm like okay you can you
can not like me but man trying to tell
me to kill myself because I don't like
Haskell because I disagree with 4chan
and they come on man like just grow a
pair or something like this too you know
it's okay for people to not like
something you do and I started to
research fascism a bit more and also
narcissism and so what I started to
realize was none of these folks that I
thought I always thought it was the
leaders like the people in charge of
open-source who were creating the
fascist situations and actually none of
those people would exist if it weren't
for a group of insecure narcissists and
so what I've come to realize is there's
basically anything that has a lot of
rules right so classical realism is a
form of art with very accurate drawing
programming
music so if everything that see those
guys are those douchebags shredders who
can go 300 beats per minute and they
master it so they think that they should
be recognized for their genius because
they can play very fast or you know I'm
I know everything about everything in
the C programming languages undefined
behavior so I should be the guy who is
famous for C programming right so those
are insecure narcissists I mean if you
set up a system where insecure
narcissists can come and hang out with
you and memorize all your rules and they
get power through memorizing your rules
or if you just promised me power hey
come join opensource
we'll give you power then insecure
narcissists eat it up they love any
situation where they can become powerful
without having to put themselves forward
that's what makes them insecure and they
feel entitled to it so then it's easy to
attract them to it and when I come out
and I'm like yeah you're not special
your stuff sucks they take it very
personally because that's how
narcissists are if you look at anyone
who's been abused as a child or anything
like that they talk about abusive
narcissistic parents and it's always
like oh my dad beat me because I stole a
yogurt right it's always something very
minor and just insignificant you wonder
like why would anyone do that's so weird
and then you see the exact same pattern
with these people who go crazy and open
sores when they're criticized they're
basically insecure narcissists who love
the fascism and you're never gonna get
them out of it you can never change a
narcissist and that's the way it is and
then if you criticize them they just go
after you you know this looks like that
is there's a bunch of very good people
in open-source who are not like this but
I think because they stand by and allow
that to happen you can kind of say that
they are also sort of guilty of this
right me when I like see these kinds of
things happening I'm like hey that's
really wrong you shouldn't do that right
so for me it's like this combination of
if you allow it to happen and then you
allow these insecure narcissists into
your system and those people go around
attacking others then you're a fascist
that's just the way it is right and if
you think that people should be attacked
for disagreeing with your community or a
group you're a fascist right that's like
the cornerstone of fascism someone isn't
as of them is an other and they disagree
with you so then you go out with your
buddies and attack them right and if you
weren't fascist
you'd be like well he just disagrees
with us that's all right it'd be okay
that guy disagrees with us there you go
it feels like one of the big problems of
this is it like these types of people
I'm I'm not going to say I guess I'm 110
positive these types of people have
always existed but it seems like the
Internet has kind of given you this
ability to enact this insanely
disproportionate response that no
individual person ever feels responsible
for exactly like going back I mean even
when I was in school you know I'm coming
up on 30 now I can't imagine like doing
something in high school that would ruin
my life just because there wasn't like
the scale like online [ __ ] like Facebook
was still I think invite-only I think
you even needed like a naughty tu to get
in Gmail was invite-only there were
these massive you use your MySpace and
live journal pictures were hard to post
it's like what you know the internet was
just kind of like a thing and if you did
something really [ __ ] up and somebody
posted about it online you know that was
only gonna be read by like the hundred
or so people maybe that we're like in
your class like that's it
whereas nowadays and and each of those
people you know might be really upset at
you and that might suck back then but
that was it but nowadays when some [ __ ]
gets posted [ __ ] everybody
contributes their little part but it's
like a [ __ ] tsunami and by the time
you know the totality of all of that
outrage is collected you've like
effectively destroyed somebody's life
because the Internet is so permanent now
it's so much larger you know that
destruction lasts forever
it's permanent now I feel like all the
stupid [ __ ] we did as kids so it's
interesting so a my research on fascism
that this you have a distinct rise in
fascism
right right after a new communication
model comes out so if you go back to
even before World War two if you look at
the book as soon as the book was popular
that's when you get the Protestant
Reformation 's all those things and then
you go up to World War two that's radio
so radio is really popular suddenly all
the sudden new communications then TV
came out we had a whole bunch of
problems when TV came out and then when
the Internet comes out boom explosions
and fascism and so it's sort of this
thing that basically when you get a new
method to communicate it makes it very
easy to get insecure narcissists to
joined a group and then it takes people
a while to figure out oh hey you know
what maybe we shouldn't let people just
be ranting raving idiots on radio
right all right is this turning into
some modern thing about how Twitter is
now this next wave and something there
no I think actually I saw this same
pattern before anything like Twitter or
Facebook or anything like that in fact
there's a thing called Godwin's law so
when when the internet was available to
mostly just people in academics there
was this thing Godwin's law so the
probability that any discussion will
mention Nazis approaches 1/100 as it
continues so this is not nothing
anything new but those people were sort
of precursors or like the you know the
the canary in the coal mine that you
know this was a new communication method
and it will be exploited to control the
masses and if you're not careful and get
in front of it and figure out how to do
that in a positive way then it becomes
used for fascism right and it's
interesting because if you look at
television in the US and UK and places
like that they got ahead of it and they
actually passed rules and laws pretty
quickly to control it spread it out
break it up make it so that it couldn't
be controlled by one group they got rid
of that in 1996 but for a long time you
could not own you can not have one
company own radio and TV stations in the
same area and newspapers right you had
that diversity so they get it did a good
job at that and you notice the
television didn't have quite as much of
this that you see with like the internet
or that you saw with radio when it first
came out and I think that's the big
thing it's not the only thing that
causes it but without that without like
a way to communicate with these people
there's really not any chance that it'll
happen makes sense so you try to stick
away from saying things like that
they're gonna Braille people like are
you scared to come out and say you know
what rust is not needed or something
like that they say that all the time so
yeah yeah so I know and well at first I
was kind of scared when they went crazy
because when I said about Python 3 was
pretty normal I said you know it could
have been better done I don't think it's
run right and I think it's marketed
wrong it's super weird right and it
wasn't like I was saying um you know
like all the people who there have sex
with goats or anything like that I was
just saying like technical arguments
right just basic technical arguments
the reaction I got was so scary I was
like wow this is weird and then I was
worried it was gonna collapse my
business but then what happened is my
sales went up so I was like okay never
mind I guess they can't do anything to
me so now and I've always been critical
of programming languages because of this
attitude they have of sort of lying to
people and using this weird marketing
pattern that's straight up from like the
Nazi Party to promote their stuff so
I've always been critical of it but I
can take what I dish out so people are
critical to me and I'm like okay yeah
you're critical of me and I think now
it's actually gotten to the point where
I'm secure enough in my business and
what I do and there's enough people who
emailed me and contacted me and said
they appreciate the fact that I'm
critical that I actually do want to
start a more formal kind of criticism of
the programming industry in programming
languages and how projects are run I'm
kind of curious because a lot of this
reminds me I don't remember the exactly
sure I'm sure both of you remember this
there was a massive project where there
was a guy contributing it for the record
I'm like a socially progressive person
right like I vote Democrat I'm anti
Trump I'm very Pro LGBT all of you
however one thing I thought was very
strange was that there was a there was a
contributor to some repo who had who had
said I guess some transformer core
homophobic things on Twitter and people
were saying that all of his
contributions needed to be removed that
his code shouldn't be valid anymore dan
do you ever know what I'm talking about
do you know what I'm talking about this
is he there was so many people that were
um they were upset about this where they
were basically saying that all of this
guy's contributions needed to be removed
trans transphobic maintainer should be
removed from project from LS sheet this
is for Opel are you familiar with it
what that is that did you did either of
you ever hear about this I thought I
felt like this is a like if there were a
lot of people talking about this at the
time that people gonna start vetting
people's like social media background to
see if they should accept their code
contributions or whatever for projects
it might have um it might have had to do
you said Opel is that like is that based
on Linux er
like one of the I sent a link in there
is that what you were thinking on Steve
I can't I can't click anything I just go
right now cuz it'll mess everything
apart okay nevermind I was only if you
guys had heard anything about that okay
Lin Linux developer who took on Lin 'us
Torvalds over abuse quits toxic kernel
community said that your mic come on
down there yeah yeah give me a second
okay so all I can't you pull this one up
don't you have the thing for the screen
see that oh I mean uh I just can't click
a link you send me but I can
what's your article okay yeah some
reason uh yeah it's cutting out now yeah
in and out they can hear me now yes
yeah wait in the dark it's cutting in
and out now for some reason yeah yeah
hold on okay this is a professional
podcast alright I know I do this
professionally I should be able to do
this better
what was it a six thousand dollar audio
yeah yeah they're very calm okay how's
that I just stay there and don't move
alright or almost do this so so anyways
yeah this issue here running down this
one the title was transphobic maintainer
should be removed from the project so
people actually wanted this person
removed and they wanted all of their
past code contributions removed because
of this I don't know if this is more
prevalent now I mean it certainly seems
like it is now especially with anything
having to do with gaming anything having
to do with programming this seems like
anything online well yeah this yeah
right now is certainly I don't want to
say the me to movements but if you say
something that's you know going the
wrong way they are trying to delete your
existence from the internet and make
sure that you can never feed your family
again is yeah yeah you know and I think
that's so it's sort of
complicated because one of my problems
with open sores that there are a bunch
of these total jerks who get in on it
and they get into it to control it so I
do think there has to be a code of
conduct um
it's just that I think that the reaction
you violating the code of conduct it's
just way beyond the pale right like it's
not moderate and you really only see
that when people are enough abusive
people no I'm fine if you're gonna do
now if you're gonna go after someone for
being really evil and disagreeing and
whatnot but you know destroying someone
completely for an a minor violations in
a lot of ways is actually sort of I
don't know I just think it's just
abusive um instead of like having a
formal process and doing it very you
know calmly and what I think it's just
too much sometimes no now that being
said like yeah if your project is I know
if they are very for trans and you will
get in they're talking a lot of trash
about people who are trans well then
eight you suck man you're gone it's it's
enjoying that project you go
I guess my I guess my kind of issue with
it the scary thing for me and this is
kind of how I've always felt is that
when I think of things about like being
held accountable for your social media I
guess I'm really uncomfortable the idea
that a company that's not paying me 24/7
can go and find things that I've said
like not on the clock and then try to
hold me accountable for it you know
that's that's something that I've always
been not okay with I guess maybe
contributing to open source projects is
a little bit different but yeah I don't
know I mean like if I'm not like the
face of a company or if I'm not like the
CEO of a company or something I don't
know I guess I'm just a little
uncomfortable with that that that kind
of idea that all of my social media
every single thing I say can get me
fired or removed from a project or a job
at any point in time yeah I think that's
actually I think that's and that's
another thing and so I have no problem
with the criticism of people who you
disagree with I mean that this course
has free speech right let me build
criticize me all the time yeah but it's
again the response so someone has some
something they say you don't like then
you've responded them by saying
something and just you know talking to
them right what I don't like is this
sort of behind the scenes abusive
destruction of somebody right when
they've done nothing really to you or
anyone else but also
I think one thing I really don't like is
if you got a problem with that person
and then you sit there and you let
someone who is a leader of the group do
the exact same thing then you're
basically a massive hypocrite right so
if you're taking an underling and you're
basically destroying his life for an
opinion he has outside the project but
then I know that the guy who runs your
project is also like a massive sexist he
violates the rules all the time he is
totally against the code of conduct and
he you know you back him
which I've seen over and over then
that's where the real problem is and I
can think of a ton of projects we're
like I know I know of projects where
people told me rumors about terrible
things the leaders do and then on
Twitter they're like oh man I'm super
woke and I totally hate Trump and and
then I'm like I know that guy is like I
think I think he's just like and then
you'll see people who are followers of
the project or followers of this group
or followers of that the in order to
show like how good of people they are
that go after people who are kind of
minor you know like they're easy targets
and then ignore the things that the
leaders do article like so what's your
take on them removing master enslave
terms from from Python this was about a
year ago yeah that comes up I mean
people people change their language they
changed their standards you know if they
have a process for that then fine you
know I mean it's a you know on the flip
side to that if someone comes in they
say hey I don't like this whole master
slave thing we should change it up and
then someone in the project who's like
you know it's hot person and should
never be questioned loses it I'm gonna
say that dudes a fascist like you can
discuss it I said well hey why do you
want why do you want to change it like
okay well yeah I think it's not too hard
we kept I just do a grep change
everything in the files from masters
live to two other words and then you're
done it's not a big deal but I think a
lot of these people anyone who's like I
hate codes of conduct I'm gone why they
go cuz it's wrong for them to show up
and change my stuff like okay you're a
fascist you set up an us-versus-them
you've created it so that anyone coming
in and questioning how you the grand
Kumba of the project runs things can't
be questioned anyone questioning that is
your enemy and then you don't you try to
say everyone hey we're an open project
and everyone can show up but you aren't
you don't punish people in the
leadership who violate your code of
conduct and when it comes down to it you
do sort of like token things but you
don't actually really care about anyone
in the project interesting well we got a
little bit so to get back a little bit
on here so where you stand today
arguably the most popular learning sorry
method to learn how to program online
certainly I would say the most well
respected what are the plans that you
have moving forward I think right now
how many languages do you currently
cover I actually lose count so I do
Python Ruby C working on JavaScript to
Python books actually Python Ruby C
JavaScript those are languages I'm doing
a UNIX book and I have a short course on
vim
so I teach kind of random things and
they do two online live teaching and
before let me just curious actually yeah
before because we actually skipped over
this because we went right into the
controversy thing oh yeah sorry okay
well it's the lighting is the lighting
it makes you want to talk about evil
this we're pretty a little more dramatic
than I expected to be on this show but
yeah earlier you can't you keep
referencing that you kind of like missed
what you thought were pivotal pivotal
moments or you kind of missed some
opportunities or you're a little late on
things in going back and looking over
everything you know everybody has the
fantasy that they could you know be 20
again and do everything over what are
kind of some things that you took that
that you did really well and some things
that you did really poorly that you wish
you could change like that what are some
of your like best successes like the
best decisions you made and then some of
the things that you wish you would have
been a little bit different on um
yeah so I think the one thing that I'm
sort of really proud about I was able to
carve out a niche that's successful in
the programming world without sort of
compromising Who I am right
so I may I put it out for free I helped
a whole bunch of people like I wanted
like about a million people read my book
and I'm really really proud of that and
I you know stuck to it I said you know I
could charge folks but I really wanted
just to help as many folks as I can you
know
and I also did it with humor I didn't
like dumb down what I talked about I
didn't I didn't suddenly become all
worried that people are gonna judge me
you know I still got on Twitter and told
people to you know go to hell all the
time and sort of was myself and because
I was honest about who I was everyone
sort of was like that's just how he is
you know and the people who actually
appreciated my work had no problem with
who I was right um
the thing that I probably should have
done differently is taking it more
seriously as a business and honestly I
think what I should have done when I
came out and saw that it was 300,000
downloads I should have kept that a
secret and I probably should have turned
that into an online education business
right there and probably should have
started looking at okay well how can I
turn this into a business but at the
time I was kind of more I've just
motivated by different things I was
motivated by you know helping folks and
getting it out there and I just didn't
think I was a writer really of
programming books I just thought I was
programmer I'm just gonna put this out
I'm never gonna make money it's on this
and then sure enough it turns into the
thing that I'm actually better at I
would say I'm a I'm a better writer of
these technology books than I am a
programmer honestly well do you just and
then kind of just carry so kind of wrap
that up I'm just curious um it always
seems like there was um when you read a
lot of stories of people that there's
always like one kind of weird thing that
happened that like if this thing hadn't
had happened nothing else would have
fallen into place do you think that the
like that jazz guitar music course that
you took do you think that that was like
kind of the the big initiator for this
like had you not done that book would
one of this have happened or do you
think it would have found your way in
this anyway um no actually I think if I
hadn't gone to that school and sucked so
bad at it right like sucked so bad at
guitar jazz guitar and keep mine I'm a
super nerd right like I'm a huge nerd
people think I'm cool I'm not cool I'm
like the least cold guy there is like
it's it's super dork and so for me like
I'm in this jazz school although there's
a cool rock star does you know long hair
and they're super this whaling and I'm
all like so if I hadn't have been like
hey I'm a nerd I read books and gone and
researched and found that book
I would have never sort of stumbled onto
this education method and I was like why
does this work this is so much better
right so yeah if I hadn't found that
book none of this would happen I totally
owe Micky Baker so much and his his
music is really cool and yeah was
totally that cool okay what are you
laughing about Dan you're there laughing
no I made the mistake of reading chat I
have to get back to okay so the easy
what I like to ask people you know even
my friends and everyone else when
they're trying to get an idea of their
their business stuff is where do you
want to be in one year from now like
let's say things are perfect for you
where are you gonna be in one year from
now and where you gonna be in five years
and like real answers like you would be
so thrilled if this was the case don't
have to be realistic like just really
where you want it to be um you know it
was in one year I really want to get
this sort of art education set up going
right so I would really like to be able
to teach people to paint in the same
style that I'd taught programming that's
my like one year goal and then within
about five years sort of be able to have
enough of a stable of books and
resources teaching people that I can
start maybe working on a new business
not related to teaching at all I think
that's my 5-year plan but ultimately and
then when it comes to art I actually
think I want to start trying to pursue
the art angle or so you know you said
getting show who's doing things like
that that second thing you said you said
pursue a business not related to
teaching did you have something specific
in mind there or just uh yeah you know
within the art world they're just
wofully inadequate when it comes to tech
and I think there's like a whole bunch
of just random things from programming
that I could bring over to art that
would just completely revolutionize it
but I don't know I mean I have ideas and
I tend to be very very early with them
so I never really revolutionized
anything I just sort of show up and like
it this would be cool and then five
years later someone else does so I don't
think that's just my goal what about
goals as far as business cents like do
you have a certain like you know you
want to have like ten people working for
you you still want to be the only
employee like anything on that are you
completely happy with the work structure
you haven't um
you know I would actually not mind
having people working on this but it's a
weird business because it kinda is a
one-man show
I've tried recruiting other authors to
write books and they want very weird
terms like they want total control and
they can tell me the go to hell and they
basically still make my organization but
then I get nothing out of it and it's
just difficult to actually hire folks to
do just about anything but wouldn't that
be the natural progression of your
business like yes it's like there's so
many companies get stuck at this point
because they're unable to go in and hire
and train someone to go the next level
it's so common in pretty much every
industry is that especially things that
start as a kind of a local I don't say
local but like a homegrown startup and
it's like you're doing everything and
you don't hire anyone and you're gonna
you're gonna plateau at this point and
if you want to grow let's talk realistic
with me knowing nothing about your
business I'd say if you want to grow you
have to hire someone who's like the
dedicated sea guy who's just gonna
[ __ ] kick ass at sea and you need to
hire a dedicated is gonna do this and
that so is that not the case and it's
there no goal there it's totally the
case but the thing is is in order to do
that there would either have to be an
infusion of investment money I would
have to go and get investing right cuz
hiring people cost money like you know
if I wanted to hire say like two or
three people for the year that's like
what three or four million dollars if
you pay him a regular salary well it's
it's the goal of being able to do it
sufficiently as you go like don't you
think you would have to identify
something you think like if I get right
now I don't have a course on assembly
you know what and if I got this guy he's
not the best assembly guy but if I trust
him and he does it I think I'll make
more than I spend on him then that's not
losing money you're just like you're
taking a bet on that right um but for
whatever reason it is really difficult
to get programmers to write live in this
style it's a lot of training on my part
it's actually easier for me to just
write the stuff so if I were to hire
people it would be in secondary things I
already hire someone for copy editing I
do a lot of the audio and video myself
because it's not complicated it's a
screencast so I brought her for someone
for that hiring people to handle my tech
support but even that's really low like
I've done a good job of keeping it low I
think the thing for me if I were to hire
folks right would be in if it was a push
towards bigger
educational setup where it was more like
a school and the school was run a
certain way and I had two other teachers
and they taught math online with me that
would be the direction to go if I were
to hire folks but as far as my business
I can do it all myself it's if I want to
push it in a new direction right and
it's sort of like I am the blocker on
the books but in a way I'm the reason
people buy the books you know so it's
like I'm it's sort of a cult of
personality you know it's sort of like
if you're asking some famous rock band
if they could just outsource the music
to someone else right it just doesn't
work but everything on the side right
all the production stuff I could push
out if I had the money no no that that's
absolutely true but I I look at are you
do you watch any um you seem like a
pretty computer savvy guy are you
familiar with someone that called - from
- tech tips but no not really
so he's he's a popular youtuber and
essentially what he's done is he
introduces more people into the work
kind of I don't wanna say his side
characters but if people who will come
onto the videos and do things as that
and these things end up spinning out
into their own products as a result of
that so yeah I would just you know it's
interesting I mean the natural way as I
said me not understanding your business
would say the way to expand would be to
have more courses of the same quality
coming out or even like running a guy in
like in a book like I don't know exactly
how they structured but if you have like
example projects like having those being
written by another person as a way to
introduce them to an audience and then a
book and then having them eventually
spun off into their own books is right
so I was gonna do that with two books
and I just I tried to get a guy to write
a book and then he just totally failed
at it and the big thing for him was
recording the video so then I went with
I got two or three people to come in and
I was like look you write the book I'll
do the videos and the copyright and the
contract behind that was just heinous
and they could not agree to it so they
just would not do it so if I do the next
version of that what it's gonna be is
I'm gonna put together the structure of
my books I'm gonna have it there and I'm
gonna hire a ghostwriter and be like
convert this to go and that's gonna be
it and they're gonna get zero rights I'm
gonna pay them a flat fee and be done
with it because that seems to be the
only way to do it and like I said
there's a lot of people who really
desperately want to be famous for having
written a book like this
and when I tell them yeah but like you
can't really sell the book I have to
sell it for you it sort of gets really
weird and they don't want to sign any
contracts or do anything about it I
think it's possible to find that people
looking for but it it is a lot of work I
mean um I I used to do I used to do like
um this sounds really dumb like video
game lessons video game training but but
I mean coming from the music background
like I'm pretty sure that we viewed this
very similarly and that I see a lot of
other people that kind of give like
people that are really good at things
don't understand the process of becoming
good at them at all they think that just
because they're good you know they want
to take a beginner and they do well here
just do like all of these things that I
do and you know I'll help you do all the
things that I do and you'll be really
good it's like well no you have to walk
way back to the beginning and show them
you know in baby steps how to go through
the fundamentals one at a time so I
totally empathize with the difficulty in
finding somebody to kind of also
understand that I think they're out
there though and I think that's Dan's
frustration it's like it's the
difference between kind of like growing
I don't know like geometrically versus
exponentially is when you finally start
and hiring out other people and get more
comfortable off loading onto them is
when you really like explode I guess in
terms of your earnings potential whatnot
but I mean it ultimately comes down to
what you value at the end of the day too
um you know one thing about that is it's
also a factor of money it's so like I'm
poor myself really well but not enough
to really hire people on this weird
middle ground so that's why it would
have to be like a loan or some
investment because if I had the money
then it wouldn't be problem for me to
hire other people to manage the authors
that write the books so I could hire
dedicated lawyers copy editors publisher
type people right and those people are
not very expensive than another
programmers where like they want 300,000
a year they're happy with like the lower
pay and they love making books and they
know how to do this production stuff me
it works because I'm the only person who
does it so I don't have to coordinate
with someone else but the second you've
got to wrangle some other editor some
other writer it becomes work and so if I
were to expand out I would have to hire
people to manage the authors that's what
I'm learning I guess let's drop into
some viewer Q&A if that's alright with
you yeah totally go for it with you
Steven unless you have anything else
no I mean I think that's good you
alright we're gonna go through these I'm
gonna try and get rid of some of the
[ __ ] ones okay laughing at something
someone said there's a lot of show me
later yeah I think so this is hosted in
my so just a background I do a lot of
very very heavy political content it's
like a big thing so the insides the side
content into fascism or whatever is
something that is obviously very
relevant right now in u.s. politics so
we do a lot of diving into this so
there's a lot of people kind of moving
or joking about just every it's
basically yeah it's sort of interesting
on that fascism side um
I was act in like 2010 I'm sorry your
mics out for a second you were what in
2010 oh yeah so on the fascism part of
things I actually sort of saw that
rising within programming communities in
2010 and so when I saw it rising in the
American political spectrum I was like
oh we're screwed this is totally gonna
work and then I saw it working and
working and working I was like we're
screwed we're screwed we're screwed and
I was telling all my friends like no no
way not gonna win and I'm like nope he's
gonna win you watch he's doing
everything and I would try to tell them
and I'm like sayers the marketing
pattern and would just totally ignore me
and then sure enough it worked yeah well
just don't go full Scott items okay I
I'm very against just made sure I'm like
you I'm very progressive and I did not
vote for Trump and I'm very against
anyone who's doing fascism or racism so
yeah okay okay all right so what's that
what's the yeah those good questions Dan
yeah give us the Q&A I feel like the
website programming [ __ ] is
laden with hyperbole is that a correct
assessment said or do you actually
believe planning tools and methodologies
for example JIRA support XP scrum have
no place in software development because
of change developers if so how do you
meet release dates and customer
commitments without said planning tools
planning tools just not to commit to
anything I hate that planning ship - and
I wish all I would do is code and design
work but I
they're using place in software
development so long as the management of
it is not bad okay so yes so first off
programming [ __ ] it was actually
a joke because I gave a presentation in
Utah and I told everyone here's how this
fascist marketing pattern works and they
like and then on Hacker News my
presentation got up and they're like now
you can't do it now go watch so I went
in and I took a slightly popular blog
post I turned it into program every
[ __ ] [ __ ] com
and if you look I'm using the fascist
propaganda technique go read the page
it's like we are this they are them it's
all that technique I create a community
and we've been humiliated by that it's
like straight up out of the PlayBook and
I posted it hacker news and it went jump
to the top and then the people who are
at the conference are like wow okay then
it sort of took on a life of its own and
I started getting invited to debate
people at agile conferences about this
joke and if you look at the methodology
the methodology do you make a list of
stuff and then you do each part of the
list and then you make sure that it
worked I mean that's the the simplest
methodology you can it's not even a
methodology right it's it's it was a
totally a gag that just took on a life
of its own however I do believe that
tools like JIRA and a lot of these other
management are sort of they're designed
for managers to not do their jobs so me
I think for example go look at JIRA any
kind of Jura thing and you see it's like
forty fields like people feel like crazy
fields in it and not a single one of
them is being used to manage anything so
the easiest thing to manage is a shared
to-do list of stuff and you don't find
that anywhere when I do project
management or I do my own work it's
mostly just a to-do list that's really
all you need so something like a Trello
or work instead what I find with a lot
of the agile methods a lot of the
management methods and a lot of these
other things is that they try to control
personal process with team process and
that's where I think the the problem is
it's not that you shouldn't have gene
processes and organization is that your
team process shouldn't infringe on your
personal process for getting your work
done that's where it becomes abusive so
for example pair programming
so if someone is telling you demanding
that you have to always forcefully pair
with people right then that's basically
a changing right well here I got a
question for you on that one
go for what is the negative connotation
with force pair programming I always
thought it was a good way to crank out a
complicated task with a diverse
perspective the negative connotation is
they the people who came out with agile
we're sort of doing what I call Ponton
Bailey saumon Bailey is where it's a
rhetorical technique where you put
forward some sort of like untenable
position I look over all of this stuff I
love this this is my favorite this is my
favorite ghost ever
so am on Bailey as you go programmers
are robots who if left alone will never
talk to anyone they'll be in the
basement cowboy coders you go I don't
know I talk to people a time man like I
just kind of work with him when I need
to and I ask for help and they go yeah
but I mean what I mean is if you pair
then you have the best communication
that's right
so the thing is is forced pair
programming is you are forced to do it
all the time whereas there's no research
to shows that that's better than just
letting people collaborate the way they
do all the time so just let them pair if
they're in the same room they're in a
pair right this is the way it is it's
it's sort of rude to say that I'm gonna
just be a robot right but then the flip
side to it is there are a ton of things
that you sort of just have to have
solitude and salt and like calm to work
on your own and not have someone yelling
in your ear you forgot to say me : you
forgot a semicolon like every 10 seconds
most Perigord are having is someone just
looking at the text editor turning stuff
red and going you forgot that it was
just for people that don't know in chat
cuz I didn't know and I just look at
this I have I have made the assumption
that pair programming was like two
people were assigned to the same task or
something but I but I just looked it up
because I was curious pair programming
is an agile software development
technique in which two programmers work
together at one workstation one the
driver writes code while the other the
observer or navigator reviews each line
of code as it has typed in I feel like I
would kill myself if I had to do this I
don't know anything about programming
with this honest-to-god sounds like the
worst [ __ ] idea this sounds like some
shuffle oh my god but this is how much
like Silicon Valley's like has it stuff
fed like
well it's interesting our sake because
in a junior programmer situation like a
training situation this is very very
good right so you let the gene and run
the keyboard and you instruct them but
I'm a professional so if I'm going to
use vim and code with my tools all that
matters is I got the job done
right and that's where I say like if you
come in with your team process of I
gotta use eclipse and JIRA and code with
this guy who didn't shower and just
yells at me for red squigglies on a text
editor then you're just killing my
productivity right the other problem is
the stated goal of that stuff is to make
me work way harder than I would want to
normally so there that's why it's a
chain gang right I was gonna say to be
fair just a little bit that I talked to
devs now it seems like this seems like
some really I feel like programmers
today in their work and like the larger
companies generally have more freedom
than it seems like they used to at least
you know we're like you're typically
allowed to work on your I know at least
for Facebook cuz I have a friend now
that I I got to watch how they were
working and I was always under the
assumption that these guys are all like
cubicle dudes but it seems like they're
a big fan now of like and I think Google
does this tool you've got open campuses
people kind of choose and they want to
work on you're not like hardcore
restricted to a certain schedule and you
just get it kind of like you're by
yearly reviews or whatever where they
kind of make sure or you're half year
reviews or your reviews to make sure
that you're kind of like working on
stuff and one other that seems to be the
way that people larger people at least
are going do you remember for a while
everyone was pushing these open work
spaces where it was like complete cancer
to get anything done hey that's my
facebook Facebook has an open workspace
I don't know it looks really nice man
and no one there I look scatters you
don't think you don't think that you're
not a fan of it no that's absolutely I
would rather work personally I'd rather
work in a cubicle and then an open work
space really yeah where I have like ten
dudes like sitting next to me no that
sounds I mean but damn you have the
headphones for it you have the
headphones for open workspace it just
sounds god forbid I clicked the wrong
reddit link or something like that and
my wife is over or you know that's one
thing I tell people is you have a
separate computer for work and nothing
personal is on that computer like bring
it to work yeah only you know and also I
think as you mentioned this has changed
and I think that's the differences the
agile stuff was created for people who
are consult
and consultants aren't working on
anything that has a direct impact on
themselves right so they're just working
on someone else's stuff and I think the
big change that you see is that
programmers are working for companies
that have stock options and so if the
company succeeds they succeed so it's
much easier to get them to be motivated
to work on things you don't have to have
some babysit them constantly uh-huh yeah
I was just reading some of the there are
a couple huge reddit threads I got
posted on that programming [ __ ]
website some of these comments are very
cute that one of those top level comment
says the become a programming
[ __ ] part of the site actually
has a lot of good resources and then the
guy beneath them says they are good
resources the learn X the hard ways
excellent for beginners I'm a huge fan
of that author and I guess the guy
doesn't realize it actually route the
site that's good yeah so one thing I
wanted to do with that is um I know that
I'm sort of like getting close to the
end of one of my books I sort of want to
do like a live show called the Brock
mofo show
we're busy I just ripped people's code
and I talked about tech and stuff like
that oh you need more haters on the
Internet is that yeah I mean it's
working for me because they find my
stuff until I go back that book is
really great I'm gonna go for it which
of which of your books do you think
would be if someone just wants to start
programming what's the one that you
recommend what language so I sort of had
this thing where I say like it totally
doesn't matter right so it's sort of
like if you get your kid a bike it's the
first bike doesn't matter right it's
just that they learned to ride a bike
right and then after that they can get a
better bike in a car whatever so when I
tell folks is if you have no money my
Ruby book is free so just go learn Ruby
like it doesn't really matter like the
book is the Ruby book is really similar
to a python book so don't spend the 30
bucks just go read the ruby book people
do just fine doing Ruby it works it does
all sorts of stuff and then until folks
if you're in sort of like science or
things like that you have to do math e
stuff I thought is sort of like the big
thing right now for doing that so go
ahead and learn Python but I really
think soon my JavaScript bug is going to
have the best design so all the stuff
I've learned from teaching online live
is gonna be packed in this book it's
basically going to be I have a book
that's learned Python and learn more
Python and it's those two books combined
streamlined a lot cleaner and
with all sorts of extra things like it
just all sorts of concepts I came up
with on how to teach it even better so
I'm actually once that book is done I'm
gonna push it as the book that you
should learn because when you're done
with that javascript book you're gonna
be basically a pretty competent
programmer you learn algorithm build
tools you learn how to build all kinds
of things where's the Python book you
come out of it able to go through
another book interesting all right three
general if you have something you want
to build and you can find a programming
language that or an example project
that's in the language and has kind of
already done that then just go with that
so like I tell people yeah PHP rocks man
is crank out PHP just do whatever work
it's dangerous to say that though how
these days because there's so like
everyone's like oh you use PHP I don't
want to touch you I'm like you know like
yes you know you can give me the worst
program language ever and I'm a
professional programmer who knows make
quality and I will make quality code and
you can take the language that's
supposed to be the most robust I like
you say Haskell or Erlang or anything
like that and hand it to like a terrible
programmer and they will turn that stuff
into a massive turd it'll be a very
typesafe turd but it'll still be a turd
so the language kind of doesn't matter
right yeah
so has your stance on Python three
changed since you released the book
learn Python three the hard way no not
really I mean so what I did around some
of the problems I had right and and for
the background I wrote a essay where I
said I disagreed with how Python 3 was
promoted but also what they changed Enix
I didn't really change much it's not a
massive improvement and they have a lot
of things that are bad for beginners
like five different ways to format
strings I don't know why it's so strange
so what I did is I just kind of worked
around it but now I don't really feel
the direction of Python 3 is really all
that good and I think technologically
it's not really going anywhere they seem
to have problems with their pets the way
they do they're modifying it even to the
point where ghido he just quit he got so
sick of managing the Python pet process
he just quit and so that's why
pushing the JavaScript book I don't
think javascript is like a such a great
community but the people who manage the
language are motivated to actually
improve the language so es6 and yet x7
actually make the language a lot better
you see things coming in from typescript
from Microsoft they do a lot of work
they're at least trying to make it
better right and actually make it
productive for real programmers whereas
I see the Python 3 folks are just kind
of making it good for them you know then
like not really caring about what's
useful for other folks or or you know
making it faster or like there's not a
whole lot that they're doing and they
also ignore projects that could help
like say the pipe eye project which is
Python and Python and they sort of
largely ignore that project even though
it's better it's super strange what's
your view of the current hiring process
that's typical Silicon Valley right now
for instance how many golf balls fit in
a bus I think it's terrible um I
actually sort of stumbled onto an idea
from teaching folks that I think the
best way to sort of test if a programmer
is good without making them do fake work
is to present them with a debugging
problem so you present them with broken
code that you know how to fix and you
see how many bugs they can find because
like honestly like I'd say is 70 to 80%
of the work that you do as a programmer
on a long-term project so a project has
been around is fixing other people's
[ __ ] yes exactly
fixing refactoring finding bugs I'm like
the one thing I'm very very good at is
actually finding bugs and so I teach my
beginners how to do that like and and
then also because I spent so much time
learning how to find bugs and debug
things I actually figured out how to
sort of try to prevent them so defensive
coding but the actual way they hire is
just lame like the year about all these
all these people who are like super good
programmers and then these super do good
programmers can't get work because how
to reverse a red-black tree or something
like that and you're just like I mean
who cares I'll look that up in a
textbook like present me with something
that's actually what I'm gonna be doing
in my day to day work you know and
debugging is it debugging is a big thing
that you're doing your day to day work
it's like 90% of programming at this
point googling unlike Stack Overflow
yeah
but googling for what bugs right so
googling for an error it's like if you
if you can do that and you can find bugs
and you can find the problems then you
know you're probably gonna be fairly
good at a company that's trying to fix
their stuff especially some of these
startups who have terrible code and they
need to hire people who can fix it you
know I can I can think of tons of
startups who had chances to be acquired
and couldn't because their code was so
terrible
I had an ex I worked in kind of defense
and talking to her about the the
nightmare [ __ ] legacy [ __ ] that was
like around from [ __ ] decades ago
that you'd have to like hunt down people
to ask them questions for what the [ __ ]
was going on it sounds like a [ __ ]
nightmare holy [ __ ] it's awful yeah I
mean I sort of get a kick out of that
like I'm the guy who you hand me tangled
string and I'll sit there for six hours
peeling it apart while I watch TV I love
stuff but yeah if I ever if I'm like
going to use some project or something
like that I go work at a company that's
just totally mangled code I'm kind of
like yeah bucks you know and it's it's
it's a big skill and actually I'd say
probably this one of the reasons my my
career has been successful it's because
like the first thing I do when I work on
a project is a hit the bug list and it
just starts solving bugs like I just go
in and I just do the all the terrible
crap work nobody wants to do you should
become a video game developer man
there's a lot of companies that could
right now I would love to learn how to
make video game playing artistic skill
but it seems like a lot of background
work that I just sorta don't have time
to do you started getting into art
lately painting you simply taught
yourself from now you're decent artist
yeah yeah thank you yeah um yeah I
basically I started teaching myself
about six years ago and is a while ago
yeah yeah yeah yeah I put in a lot of
work for it I mean I guess I've probably
put in like three to four hours a day
for like five years you know and I went
to a school for a little while like a
kind of crappy classical realism school
basically they're the Nazis of the art
world like if you can't draw a sphere
perfectly then they're just like you're
uh yeah well it's kind of down right now
zette shot calm / category / art yeah
there's some of that I would say my
Instagram is the best so Zedd Shah and
Instagram that's where most of the art
is and then I'm kind of revamping it but
is that shot art I actually recorded a
bunch of videos of me painting outside
you know just kind of fun stuff but
Instagram is the best is that y'all on
Instagram okay cool
any controversial statements you want to
say so we can get some extra stress out
of this um I don't know so it's sort of
funny cuz like what people are like oh
man that guy's so controversial I'm like
what about the guy he doesn't like
Python strings like wow okay you have a
really warped perspective of what's
actually like controversial like I can
come up with way more controversial that
happens within the general world but
otherwise no I mean I would say about
the only thing is just you know my views
on open source being just I don't know
after years of trying to do it I just
actually believe that Oh almost every
project by the nature of open source is
run kind of like fascism and the people
who are in it seemed to be fascist and
people who run it seemed to be fascist
the marketing behind it is always that
way there's nothing you can do about it
so yeah I mean it's something I've kind
of had to deal with and come to terms
with myself you know being a big open
source contributor and supporter and so
now I'm kind of like just wrestling with
that these days just to be clear you're
still like a supporter of open source in
general right or so it's it's funny yeah
it's like I have this love-hate
relationship and a lot of it is now I
sort of tell folks like if you do I
think right now open source is that like
the peak of the way it's run currently I
think it's gonna change or die and then
I also think that I tell people look if
you're just looking for experience it's
fine to go and join open source project
and contribute but just keep in mind
that they have a tendency to take
advantage of people so get in get your
experience get out and then it's all
also folks I'm just like you know but
you can also start your own projects and
you learn a lot making your own stuff
and making copies of other people's code
and that's more fun and you don't really
have to worry about being in a community
I think community is overrated I think
you can hang out with your friends
can just make random weird stuff and
that's just as good absence paces tabs
or spaces ah I have very specific easy
to argue for spaces so with everybody
you're a programmer exactness exactness
and specificity is what we do if we have
any sort of discrepancy or ambiguity it
causes problems right that's what
computers are about okay so tabs are
ambiguous spaces half of your potential
fans yeah no seriously spaces are exact
right so spaces if four spaces is four
spaces is four spaces everywhere but if
you take some text editors like Emacs
and you say oh my tabs are three Emacs
we'll try to optimize it and then you'll
end up with six spaces and two tabs and
then someone else will go and open it
like eight spaces and nine tabs and so
spaces only because it's the most exact
way to write your code that's it cool
are there people that on ironically
argue for tabs I mean like it seems like
tabs are totally expressional with
spaces like you can use spaces to make
tabs but tabs seem to have problems why
do people is it just because it's
simpler to tiger so for me it's totally
practical I super don't care but I know
every time I get us a file with tabs in
it it gets mangled so I'm just after
years of like getting files with tabs
they get mangled like dude just two
spaces no like and remember what I tell
you a lot of people who join open-source
projects are certainly these insecure
narcissists so they want to be like you
know it's all about me and my Tech
Center and I have to have nine point
five spaces for my tabs or else I'm
gonna go cry okay just just you work
with other people just use spaces and no
they have a huge issues with it big
debates I'm kinda like I don't care I
got I'm gonna go do some painting or
something okay what else Danny anything
else are we good is that it no more
questions you have any politics stuff
you want to bring up says okay you know
when do politics may have no way no I'm
trying to
we've already lost like half of our
audience I think we have like a quarter
of the initial one you know with
everything you've done so far for lovely
fascist now we're people who like tabs
we're down to a few people now that's
alright alright well look said I want to
thank you for coming on this is a kind
of the first episode on this new channel
here we're trying to anything I
appreciate you hopping on and I think we
had a good discussion and hopefully we
can have you back soon okay thank you
very much
yeah maybe if we start an investment
podcast you can get money for your
hiring out work I think it'd have to be
I'd have to be less controversial and
play the game be getting better so maybe
I'll wear a suit next time and I'll be
on the stage and we'll do it that time
cool all right well thank you for coming
on and uh cheers thanks everyone
yeah thanks for joining thank you all
right
