the only thing that I'll come together
with alt writers and conservatives on
you know [ __ ] ass Matt I was holy
[ __ ] there's like what the [ __ ] am I
even supposed to do on my [ __ ] phone
there are a couple place that I drove
into is like oh [ __ ] am I gonna be able
to get the [ __ ] out of here yeah I guess
maybe Castro being pitted against Biden
doesn't help because biotin is still the
front-runner oh no this is so [ __ ]
cringe what what the [ __ ] is going on
these are crazy holy [ __ ] I don't know
if I could ever call someone so
irrationally invested in nationalism
smart it's like could you ever be it
call an evangelical might I mean some
people feel like real big about like
their posterity about like the ancestors
and the people that come after them like
there are some people who well thanks
for taking a break from your vacation to
come back and stream no problem there
are some people that are like super
invested in that kind of stuff and I
mean to some extent it's probably
biological that we're like wired to care
about family and [ __ ] so I mean I don't
know I can't someone is like that I I
don't give a [ __ ] I don't give a [ __ ] my
ancestors where it's none of that
matters to me no I'm gonna give a [ __ ]
what the people around me look like the
only thing that I'll come together with
alt writers and conservatives on the
only thing that I'll come together with
them on that I will agree with actually
I've thought about this a bit more and I
actually I think it's probably okay I do
think it's probably OS re so the one
thing that I might agree with
conservatives on that I think is extra
important I think that having everybody
speak the same language I think is
probably pretty important I I think that
that I think that should probably be a
thing I don't know what that looks like
if you only teach one language in school
past a certain grade or if you only if
you have like an actual national
language or whatever where all the
government servers only printed I'm not
sure I don't know what that would
actually look like in practice but I
think having I think having a having a
uniform language in a countries is
probably pretty important well where was
I at where I thought about this
was a Seattle no it was in New Zealand I
think it was in Auckland in New Zealand
I don't care what people around me look
like I don't care what culture they have
would they celebrate what they do for
fun none of that bothers me at all and I
think that's I think that's um I think
that to some extent I think I'm pretty
unique there I think that for a lot of
people this stuff is pretty important
even if you guys all don't think it is
either maybe you don't either but I did
feel pretty weird walking around
Auckland where so many people were
speaking Chinese that was strange where
you want to do like your own [ __ ] you
want to celebrate your own culture
customs and all that [ __ ] that's cool
but damn I can't even communicate with a
lot of you like we actually I couldn't
even have a conversation with you I
actually couldn't even talk to you that
feels a little bit strange and yeah I
don't know I'm not sure about that were
they not tourists um they might they
might have been tourists but Auckland
was celebrating when I was there it was
some I don't wanna say Chinese New Year
but that might have been it but there
was like a whole like there were like a
few like streets like dress Jesus [ __ ]
that was loud do you think the same with
any language for example people speaking
Spanish in America more people speak
English in America than Spanish
listen English is the international
language okay everybody should just get
on board all writers got here but you
mean that English should be the first
spoken language in every country I mean
just as a second line I think he should
be able to speak like the language of a
country like if you want to live in that
country I think everybody should have to
speak the language I just think I think
that too many things become unworkable
or fall apart so I got back here
family's this is a you shouldn't speak
Spanish Tamara if you want to speak
other languages that's fine I think
everybody should be able to speak a
common language what okay why do
Americans speak mostly only one language
probably because our country is so
[ __ ] huge and most of the people here
speak English also most of like the
popular media around the world is like
English or English friendly as well okay
okay I'll save these stories in more
detail for the end of the month okay
okay so on ironically so I took on a
noite VPN sponsored mainly cos give me
money it's easy product promote and
there's parallel across over organically
between my advanced and tech-savvy
people
but uh on ironically I've actually
gotten like a lot of use out of this
North VPN [ __ ] I had three different
instances but um okay firstly okay three
different situations ready situation
number one
okay so airplanes today half of them
randomly block my chat like I can't
access my chat which is whatever a lot
of them now they block discord so when I
pay [ __ ] $40 for Wi-Fi on this plant
I can't get on my goddamn disk or are
you [ __ ] serious
and now they block [ __ ] reddit what
the [ __ ] I can't so I pay for [ __ ]
Wi-Fi on this airplane and I can't
browse reddit or get on my discord you
know [ __ ] ass Matt I was holy [ __ ]
there's like what the [ __ ] am I even
supposed to do on my [ __ ] phone I had
to beg I had to actually beg cake in my
chat I had to have him mail me the apk
for the Nord VPN program so that I could
download it on my phone and then in the
air connect to a VPN and then I could
browse the Internet that's what I had to
do oh holy [ __ ]
that was the first thing the second
thing okay the second thing okay this is
I think I'm ready talk abouts before
wanna watch Amazon Prime cool are you in
another country yet [ __ ] dict oh look
at that
I'm in the UK somehow magically donate
Amazon Prime anymore Wow feels bad man
can't watch any Amazon Prime [ __ ]
shows can't up Phil's [ __ ] [ __ ] well
[ __ ] ins [ __ ] [ __ ] so yeah [ __ ]
Nord VPN get a VPN VPN over to here in
the United States again if you can watch
the shows again [ __ ] that [ __ ] what
it's [ __ ] dumbass [ __ ] is this
okay number three okay we can watch
Amazon Prime anywhere
wait are you sure because I tried to
access it in the UK and it wouldn't let
me was I was I just [ __ ] up how many
Americans go to the UK cuz it looked
like when I was in the UK that I had to
subscribe to like the UK Amazon Prime
destiny he's wrong
oh you chemistry TV TV shows why you
advertising the service beyond just
having hope of saying I've got it well
because they measure like KPI is like
key performance indicators I'm pretty
sure they measure it around what I'm
supposed to do promos and I'm not
supposed to do a promo right now so if
you buy it now it's gonna look weird so
yeah situation number three what the
[ __ ] what the what the [ __ ] guys what
the [ __ ] is wrong with you the [ __ ] is
wrong with you guys I'm in the UK okay I
want to have a little Spanky Winkie I
try to bring up some [ __ ] porn on my
goddamn sim card that I bought in your
[ __ ] ass [ __ ] country and the goddamn
Queen wants my [ __ ] cell phone number
what the [ __ ] [ __ ] No what the [ __ ] is
that creepy ass [ __ ] [ __ ] are you
[ __ ] serious I try to open up pornhub
and it says hey if you want to go there
you need to go ahead and make sure to
give us your cell phone number so we can
yo get what the [ __ ] no [ __ ] way my
or I think I'm one of my credit card or
some [ __ ] give us a credit card over to
verify your age are you [ __ ] serious
about that [ __ ] [ __ ] that [ __ ] hell
no dude hell no that's a [ __ ] creepy
I [ __ ] better believe my five VPN that
[ __ ] too
what the [ __ ] yeah [ __ ] that dude Jesus
Christ yeah and the guy in the newsroom
said the United Kingdom has freedom I
don't know about that one boys I'm not
sure about that apparently in some
stores you have to give a post go to
complete transactions in stores No
um you usually do for your credit card
well like at gas pumps and [ __ ] if you
don't sign to verify it but W holy [ __ ]
god dammit
I'm sorry that's my washer it's spinning
right now haha i watch this in bed this
morning oh no this is like oh dude when
I was driving at u-haul when I drove me
and Aaron stuff from Omaha to LA and I
had pretty big u-haul I don't know what
the sizes but bigger than anything I
drove even my carpet cleaning days I was
super nervous when I was driving into
some places there were a couple place
that I drove into is like oh [ __ ] am I
gonna be able to get the [ __ ] out of
here
holy [ __ ] but
[Music]
Destinee if you can get into somewhere
you can 100% get out of that space I I'm
not 100% sure if that's true I'm not
sure I would have to think about it I
don't know that now I think that's
always true I think that's always true
if you have a single unit so like if you
driving a box truck or if you're driving
like something where there isn't a pivot
I don't know what you'd call it but I
don't know if that's true when you have
two units I think that's I think it
changes at that point a hitch yeah hitch
I'm sure I'm trying to think I'm not
sure because like because if you if you
steer right and you go up and you go
forward here if you just back out
it can cause this to uh I think you can
get into scenarios where like you
jackknife right like theoretically you
should never be able to jackknife cuz
you'll never turn that sharply but you
can jackknife when you back out so like
the the hit whatever it's hitched behind
you can go a different way than when you
came in I guess yeah I'm not sure wait
destiny that's not true at all I've
drove tractors since I was 10 with large
wagons wait oh so you're saying you can
you can get out of anything no you can't
okay yeah yeah that's what I thought
yeah I'm almost positive because
sometimes I think um I'm pretty sure you
can get stuck with with um with with
things on a pivot on a hitch forever I'm
pretty sure you can get stuck in Ares
with that and you can you actually can't
get out your [ __ ]
this dude is going crazy nice
[Music]
[Applause]
hold on wait it's like pulling into a
small space between two cars in an angle
then trying to back out the same way if
you didn't turn your wheel the exact way
needed you were probably going to get
you so stuck between them maybe I'm
pretty sure that with a vehicle that
doesn't have a hitch anytime anywhere
you get that into someplace you can
always get it out I think I'm pretty
sure of that I could be wrong about a
pretty sure you should always be able to
get in and out with something that
doesn't have like with where it's not
pivoting on something or whatever I
don't know if you would say pivot or
whatever but if it doesn't have a hitch
but I could be right on the end of you
is a reverse playback creature there
knows cars that can do it for you okay
[Applause]
he ain't happy
oh you [ __ ] creepers we went to the
Abbey Road place a few days ago and
apparently was like a camera that's like
constantly filming and good job you guys
caught us good one
[ __ ] dude if I would have known that
[ __ ] camera was there I would have
[ __ ] hired off like some six foot two
black guy to walk in front of us or to
walk with Mel and I would have been
behind would have been some good ask me
material Wow okay beautiful um I didn't
did okay that one answer is kind of
weird Bernie was kind of rough tonight I
don't think he had as good a
presentation Warren did really well beta
was entirely forgettable Booker is
regrettably forgettable Casper has
seemed like he had a lot of good quips
Warren did I say Warren did really well
I think Warren did really well um yeah
Club which are whatever she just sounds
me but she's just not very likable I
don't think here are the post debate
polls Oh Pete had some decent moments ok
pre-debate favorability vs debate
performance so people that liked Castro
thought he didn't do well wow I thought
guys had more talking time here than he
did in the last one damn Club a chairs
whatever yang is whatever Harris's you
know whatever Sanders and Brendan ever
Warren definitely did well yeah I guess
maybe Castro being pitted against Biden
doesn't help because Biden is still the
front-runner so Warren overperformed
beta or Brooke [ __ ] this guy who cares
about this guy how many people even had
a favorable view Booker overperformed
Castro's attacks against Biden was
really bad telling him that he forgot
what he said because actually Castro was
wrong Dan feel like a lot of what Pete
says is just like super forgettable like
I don't know like you know quick he
sounds like he reminds me of Rubio like
he says nice stuff but like it just
sounds like sounds like very scripted I
like him he's like a cool guy but like I
don't know he feels a little dead behind
the eyes maybe I'm not sure but people
said that he did really well I don't
know how bad or work
whatever Skynet's get the [ __ ] out of
here she wants to do for example you
know
is there this trailer in Japanese oh god
dad oh wait as denhams here [ __ ]
target diners are forever denhams finest
a game to play
oh no new character who is this guy
no new characters who is this dumb [ __ ]
[Music]
[Music]
feels like we're flying maybe does this
start getting stuck in like the winter
what a loser I'll see myself in thanks
and love you know like the twitch chat
because twitch chatter pcs they went
with the Aerith mean hello aerith's
by the way guys I really saw the
japanese translation Aerith now ignore
the fact that this sound doesn't
actually exist in japanese hello
f hello Erath I'm Cloud Strife Japanese
version oh god please
thank you okay okay not that's gonna
save it okay nothing happens to Aaron
we'll get your weight he didn't even say
her name that is not here at Japanese
enough
what is his air somewhere in there
you'll Naruto this is some web [ __ ]
oh yeah do you know any oh no this is so
[ __ ] cringe was it always this cringe
no we actually replayed Final Fantasy 7
and we liked it okay
it wasn't cringe it was a good game oh
we've this is Kate Sethe right am I
wrong the plot of this game was so
[ __ ] convoluted um oh wait this is
saying which one was Kate's if it was it
Reeves nay gee you're thinking of Reeve
Oh was it just read not Reeves ok Reeve
where you've always wear blue right I'm
sorry he looks like a friend
[Music]
[Music]
all that does this supposed to be
president Shinra was any a fat guy
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
oh no it's gonna be another character
reveal oh wait is that a release date
March 3rd that's confirmed gameplay
looks a lot like Final Fantasy 15 when I
played Final Fantasy 15 when I first
played it I thought that fight system is
gonna get so [ __ ] boring and it was
easy as [ __ ] but actually I actually had
fun all of Final Fantasy 15 even though
it was easy I thought it was
entertaining I don't know why I never
got bored of the fight system and I came
we feel like a change of pace can we
talk about Destiny's big gamer moment
racism in subsequent Twitter Milltown oh
no when did that happen I don't know why
I follow them in Twitter I'm always like
whenever I see is avatar just quickly go
through and I can't handle that [ __ ]
it's just gives me a headache every time
my about to get super triggered wait
when did that yesterday and today what i
understand is why people still care
about these things come III tears [ __ ]
me [ __ ] you DD Andy speaks black bread
tubers so human and then people jumped
on him he lost it okay I did I call so
many people subhuman what listen dude if
you want me to be racist I'll be racist
okay because I'm you know what because
what is it the hero that they need but
can't handle or something cuz he's too
edgy so he's the Dark Knight that's what
I'll be okay I'll do it
call me race is all you I don't give a
[ __ ] [ __ ] this [ __ ]
oh that's the Joker okay I'll be not God
he's so edgy I would love to be the
Joker yeah babble about him in here
I keep trying some people to cut down
the babble about him cuz it gets
annoying everyone said well fine I
didn't like it
get up-to-date with what other streamers
are doing including doesn't he I'm fine
with that cool a focus on destiny oh
he's like so [ __ ] annoying you guys
don't like person then constantly
talking about the new constant putting
their name in people's mouths and
people's minds is like not a helpful
thing to do it's better just so I mean I
don't know I understand what you're
doing it though because it's like if a
person is a stigma streamer they
necessarily have this visibility it's
like saying if you don't talk about
he'll just go away we won't but he
certainly is like in a weird way you
kind of need to talk about these people
if they are so big and they're in their
words that they're saying is is harmful
are harmful um
goodness certain point it's like not I
feel like any sort of petty little thing
is being discussed and it's just now
there's plenty of people weirdly enough
I know things we do Mike needy
then never who does he was but the only
thing Oh is because everyone's talking
I'm here okay this guy for it isn't that
like wonder people never give him shock
everyone knows destiny but like the guy
good yeah I'm dying all your emergen
Bernina yeah I think those things what
are you doing
yeah huh ah want to thank you and I
think we're allowed to go from there
yeah why are people saying that I'm
retweeting white-supremacist some guy
tweeted a joke some guy tweeted a thing
which I guess is kind of able is I think
that's a fair critique where is this
funny where is it because it's got the
it's got the head meme but then I guess
this guy's a helmet so it's kind of like
probably not good but then people like
destiny if you actually go into this
guy's page you can actually see is it
this guy's actually wears [ __ ] know
he's a [ __ ] white supremacist or not
I don't [ __ ] dig through the [ __ ]
tweets of every [ __ ] random images
should I retweet what the [ __ ] I got
time for that [ __ ] you think I'm
gonna [ __ ] sit there and do that [ __ ]
off
why is a funny [ __ ] I [ __ ] retweet it
I don't [ __ ] vet the I don't vet the
Twitter account of every single person I
read well time to go and make sure this
guy's I could do that every time for
that [ __ ] what about PewDiePie in ER
if you think that's retweeting an image
is the same as giving somebody's channel
a shout-out at the end of the video man
dude then you honest to God if you
honest-to-god believe that you should be
reporting my stream right now because I
literally just doxxed you okay oh my god
that's all I got for you there right did
we go over that racist
though sorry if you already did what Oh
cuz I call a subhuman
did I call [ __ ] everybody subhuman
give a [ __ ] I guess I probably shouldn't
say the black guy over a link of a [ __ ]
meeting I'm racist because I called them
subhuman suck my dick you probably
thought it was races anyway hold on it's
way more to this what about the even
people like hyper focus I'm like she's
like oh well I know that blah blah blah
blah blah she said some dumbass [ __ ]
[ __ ] so everyone I call a subhuman I
don't need to know her [ __ ] race I
don't even know I don't just know that
like what you say is dumb as [ __ ]
usually I come people subhuman or always
when I come people some humans cuz they
say some demos [ __ ] so I'm gonna need to
know your [ __ ] race to save your
[ __ ] some people it's nothing to do
with me being black or whatever but I
guess some people read this is like when
he's saying he didn't even need to know
a race what he meant was if you would
have known her race he for sure could
have called her subhuman however since
she said something bad he doesn't even
need to know that her race - call her
something like what the [ __ ] are these
weird ass [ __ ] like these inferencing
things are going on like what what the
[ __ ] is going on
these are crazy holy [ __ ]
though typing or silo effective
information most people aren't important
as important as they think they are it's
like he's just like a too big to fail
streamer honestly so just it's just
irritating it's an irritating thing like
look your titty man first racing there's
like so many streamers trying to do such
great things and then but they ignore
cuz everyone's just what is the hair
attaining paying that I haven't failed
what the [ __ ]
let's watch the dude say like like like
not the apologists [ __ ] and like whites
potentially white supremacist [ __ ]
because it's such a fun arc like they
say things in like what oh man dude I
think I've been banding like two to five
people a day for my supper edit when I
oh [ __ ] there was that whole threat I
was gonna go through I was gonna go
through this one to start banning a ton
of accounts - I gotta get these [ __ ]
Chapo bread tubers [ __ ] need to get
the [ __ ] out of here
holy [ __ ] this is some [ __ ] sleeps
Tanisha dude debating all writers with
so much more fun at least those guys are
like entertaining right like but you
guys you'd like the thing is of the
people in the
the extreme [ __ ] sunlight they all
say the same [ __ ] but they're just
boring like it's not even fun argue
against most these guys like they're
just like okay Gaston II so like the
other guys come on be like listen up we
need to take all the black people we
need to ship them out of America's I
know that sounds like a juicy [ __ ]
argument let's do it but these guys like
okay destiny so now I know you haven't
read any even read history okay I
haven't either but I'm gonna tell you
okay we need to just take all this all
this stuff and we need to give it to
everybody and we're gonna the whole
world's gonna do it and it's gonna be
awesome
yeah really fucked-up way where it's not
a person actually putting out [ __ ] into
the world it's not like a fun arc and
we're gonna just we're never gonna give
any person's actual times you could
think the time of day because it's fun
to watch the arc of bigotry
disconnection from reality it's just a
real big disconnection like giving
someone money for that since I don't
know wait what was this hold on all
right kill everyone bread left how do we
help people must feel don't give a [ __ ]
about helping people they just want a
[ __ ] virtue sake no they're [ __ ]
vapid [ __ ] positions I don't believe
it anyone
that's why everybody liked it so a spam
when we talk about like electoral
politics and [ __ ] just to me impeaching
trump impeaching Trump isn't about
whether or not we can do it it's about
sending a message yeah what's the
message you want to send you want to
lose all of your vulnerable [ __ ]
seats or that what you want to just
systems come on [ __ ] everybody that
votes against it like the [ __ ] what
message you try to send that you're in
such a privileged position that you
don't give a [ __ ] one way or another how
Congress turns out next election cycle
like that's the only thing I'm seeing
you like message like [ __ ] out of here
dude can't even join might just join him
with PacSun logic cuz it's sniveling
privilege white wine is so repulsive
it's oh my god my said so much dumb [ __ ]
oh [ __ ] kill me the guy named Central
Committee oh really frustrating other
thing is like is the community is a very
toxic and will you think all writers are
interesting because they want to kill
minorities but comedies are not
interesting cuz they want to kill all
capitals housing on a contradiction you
guys all right [ __ ] is relevant today
there are racist people that are in
office today we're trying to ban Muslims
they're trying to [ __ ] over black but
we're doing a lot of crazy [ __ ] today
that is relevant to like this hateful
ideology nothing that lefties say in
America is relevant they're too lazy to
go out and vote they're too stupid to go
out and actually do anything meaningful
don't understand their own positions
like holy [ __ ] like every [ __ ] left
you have to ask for their what's your
definition of communism what's your
definition of socialism what's your
definition of anarchism what's your
definition of libertarianism cuz every
single person is running with a
different set of definitions every time
I talk to one educated lefty two more
pop out and tell me that everything the
last guy said was [ __ ] wrong every
time a lefty comes up everybody gets
excuses for why they didn't couldn't
like give any of their good position
like gonna [ __ ] dude it's so [ __ ]
boring at least a [ __ ] alt writers
don't like the unify around people they
got like strong [ __ ] talking points
philosophically it's interesting to dive
into the ideas like people on the Left
don't even agree with themselves like
it's so [ __ ] boring holy [ __ ] Brigade
and docks and harass people that even
say even even look at him in the wrong
way and is very toxic and we'll brigade
and docks and harass people that even
odd because this sniveling privilege
white wine so repulsive it's just like
really frustrated the thing is like if
the community is very toxic my people go
around and darks people and [ __ ] what
the [ __ ] and we'll brigade and docks and
harass people that even say even even
look at him in the wrong way and so it
makes for like a really [ __ ] toxic
thing that just needs to stop it just
needs a stop man stop everything just
toxic on toxic on toxic I know they did
to me yeah I mean they did it to me for
like a really long time we're talking
like more than a year and this is why I
eventually I just had to like stop I
just have a bird Daxing her for a year
what the [ __ ] is she talking about I
could cut myself out of his like
everything cuz we even I use to be
really good friends he's lookin to see I
don't visit me saying I would you stream
together and whatever but now it's like
it's no no it's definitely a leftist no
he's all like this exactly not leftist
he thought he left more left-leaning
benzaie ben shapiro but I hate this art
so much
dude I've lost so much respect for so
many different parts of the internet I
hate myself oh by the way
[Laughter]
and done on guns
oh [ __ ] dudes [ __ ] whatever man he's
pretty left like he's pretty left he on
some social issues like on some social
issues he's pretty lefty but but no he's
he's neoliberal I'm gonna troll the
anyone left of me it's like he's not
taking the the approach of I'm gonna
troll everyone who's left of me because
I don't like anyone left in me I think
they're all tanki's or something by
using like white supremacy not the
apologist [ __ ] it turns you I I want to
troll the libs if even if it's not the
libs I am a Lib keep your terminology
Strait Islander troll the lefties right
I have to side with white supremacist
and like not the ideology I love [ __ ]
dude nothing you know me
destiny the white supremacist Nazi
apologists Sider like really it's like
really Britta's arts i he's a really /
um look I really respect him so like
he's only people I respect like most
than you I don't know what happened they
just like then we disagreed on an
opinion and like what happens with every
single person I just a good but I
demonize the [ __ ] out of them I refuse
to accept any criticism and now some for
some reason I don't like him anyway the
[ __ ] happened he's really hate you so
much it's Gary
oh his community hates me yeah that's
why we stopped I stop be friends with em
I should say because the comedian has
been non-stop toxic enemy for so long
and he's just like no I thought there's
BS Amelia see no redeeming qualities in
him
we feel like a change of pace we thought
that sneeze big gamer moment racism in
subsequent Twitter in Helltown
oh no when did that happen that I really
read my DMS with her honestly dude what
is going on with you this is on August
13th honestly dude what is going on with
you and I said me what you've been like
talking you've been take oh ellan mate
what you've been like taking random five
minute pauses in your stream to tell
everyone how horrible I am for letting
my community [ __ ] on you she says this
is incredible I've never seen someone so
easily manipulated by their community
and I said what
I've watched like full five minute
things it's not just clipped out of
context mate lol she says do you realize
your community constantly harasses me
and you never speak out about it why
don't you speak out against harassment
you speak out about all sorts of things
and I said when I say a word loud means
it's in caps okay and I said what I do
constantly lul and then I said law and
then I said I get roasted so much by my
own community for speaking out against
it constantly and she said about
harassment against me recently not just
when we were hanging out do you even see
what people are writing about me and
replies to the tweet I wrote do you even
see what you wrote it honestly hurts me
so much and I said recently no I stopped
caring when you kept saying I wasn't
doing anything about it
despite getting blown up my community
for defending you so much she said why
do you keep talking about how your
community doesn't like you defending me
why is it relevant and I said because
they only talk about it because I did it
and she said what and I said most of
what was left up was legitimate
criticism regardless you say really dumb
[ __ ] people are gonna criticize you for
it and she said ah there it is
and I said it's annoying to get
simultaneously roasted by my community
for defending you and then get roasted
by you for not defending you so why
would I sit on both ends of it
lol so I just stop defending you [ __ ] it
lol she said why are you still talking
about your community about what your
community doesn't like why you such a
pawn do you make sure not to talk about
political [ __ ] your community doesn't
like or is that fine do you play games
your community doesn't like or is that
fine and I said lol wack okay I'm too
tired for this good night bud and then
she said lol good talk
hey for the ninth consecutive year Nick
jet blue air
Airlines right first for satisfaction
among all North American Airlines but
you know what ranked least in
satisfaction 9/11 Airlines what a
terrible name for an airliner reminds me
of that tragedy I walked through blood
and bones in the streets of Manhattan
trying to find my brother Jesus
yeah he was in northern Canada good one
debate noam chomsky issues ones the most
fast a lot of us know me actually no
expecting the thing is is that like with
like reasonable leftists I'm probably
not going to disagree and anything so
the conversations are gonna be like
really boring right like traumas he's
probably say those things in capitalism
that alienate the [ __ ] out of a lot of
us was it yeah for sure I'm gonna say we
should reform our way to like a better
system he's gonna say maybe we should
maybe something more dramatically 7 I'll
probably be against violent [ __ ] I don't
know if he's for like violent [ __ ] I
don't know like revolutions like but I
doubt that
yeah I doubt I'd up but I don't know if
he's like if he's a performance then
we're probably not gonna disagree on
anything hopefully he's not a class
reductionist [ __ ] that says racism
comes from capitalism destiny isn't
reasonable leftist and Achtung an
oxymoron no there are a lot of lefties
the most irritating thing about this
whole lefty arc and one of the biggest
reason I didn't want to do it in person
there are a lot of reasonable people
that are socialists or communists that
thing that like we can slowly move the
united states with some combination of
policies in some certain direction that
would resemble something more close to
like some socialist you tell be over in
a few soon future there are a lot of
people to believe this the problem is
that all the big people online are
either bucking tanki's or crypto tanki's
or people they just have no [ __ ] idea
the [ __ ] they're talking about that's
the problem
all right so like if you are like
somebody that's like either in the
middle or god forbid right-leaning or or
a left-leaning normal person that's not
a [ __ ] socialist and your online your
thing like man all social it's an all
economy sure are [ __ ] stupid like
that's kind of [ __ ] that you've gotten
that impression because they're not
they're like Noam Chomsky is considered
a lefty and this guy's like one of the
most like sighted like academics it like
in this point in time like in the
linguistic or whatever philosophy [ __ ]
he does and then like he does like a lot
of political [ __ ] as well like he's
highly influential and he's elected like
there are a lot of intelligent people
out there they're just nowhere to be
found on [ __ ] YouTube or twitch holy
[ __ ]
absolutely not but yeah that's alright
other guys be careful rap on guys okay
so like both of these guys have said and
done really dumb and especially for
wings like despicable
