so this debate is going to be about
whether young people should be
progressives conservatives or perhaps
something else and we're gonna hopefully
come to some resolution at the end of
this so with that I want you to give a
huge politican round of applause make
some noise for charlie kirk of
turning-point USA and Hasan [ __ ] of The
Young Turks
[Applause]
I love like Twitter in real life yeah
exactly
I barely fit in this chair okay all
right so okay did you guys have fun last
year I had fun so clearly people are
entertained because they wanted us back
and so here we are and we're gonna
discuss young people in America
especially given how this millennial
demographic is increasingly a major
force in American politics and so what I
want to start with is just some opening
thoughts from both of our panelists here
on some of the major issues facing young
people and there were in a dig deeper
into some of those issues so I'll start
with Charlie first Charlie tell us from
your perspective what you see as some of
the biggest issues facing young people
today and then as part of that why you
think young people should be
conservatives well I'd say the biggest
issue facing our generation is there's
been a bipartisan agreement to continue
to spend money we don't have
grow government at the expense of our
generation concentrate power around
Washington DC to benefit the wealthy few
and the well-connected and this this
shouldn't necessarily be a partisan
issue but it does it becomes and as we
conservatives believe we believe the
bigger the government the smaller the
citizen as we send more money to
Washington DC the IRS gets more powerful
the government bureaucracies get more
powerful and our freedom decreases with
them as we've seen in the last 18 months
what happens when you start to cut taxes
and deregulate the economy the lowest
ever black unemployment rate the lowest
ever Hispanic unemployment rate the
highest ever median income amongst the
Hispanic community economic confidence
at an all-time high four point two
percent GDP rate three point seven
percent unemployment rate this economy
is so great Obama's trying to take
credit for it
[Applause]
and you can start to see the beginning
stages of what happens when you embrace
conservative principles and conservative
ideas juxtapose that with the last eight
years which was mediocrity and
apologizing for being American and it's
great that we have a president that
believes in the free market free
enterprise system and I look forward to
this discussion with Hassan as it's
always lively and never never
disappoints alright so his son you can
respond to some of those points if you
want to but also tell us what you see is
some of the big issues facing young
people today and from your perspective
why you think young people should be
progressive blood I think I'm gonna take
a political approach as well to this
conversation because I like to look at
issues and and identify what they are
and provide what kind of solutions I
think are the best possible ones
currently the economic system that we're
living under is inherently exploitative
its inherently oppressive and we're now
actually feeling the devastating impact
of that more than ever we live in a
country where there are 40 million
Americans we live in the wealthiest
nation that has ever existed the
wealthiest nation on the planet and we
have 40 million Americans living in
poverty we have eighteen point five
million Americans living in extreme
poverty according to the latest UN
reports climate change is happening no
matter how hard people try to deny its
existence and it's it's it's outcomes
are devastating especially for
Millennials and this is something that
we need to focus on and I current and
unfortunately every single time we tried
to bring about any sort of socialized
solutions to these problems that the
free market obviously fails to provide
solutions for we get called socialist
and that that idea is inherently
damaging we believe we live under a
inherently oppressive capitalist Dogma
and I'm here to talk about that because
I think that at least questioning that
and striving to find a better system is
exactly what young people should be
doing right now one of the things that
Bernie did so [ __ ] well was Bernie it
was a really good cheerleader and I feel
like this guy
Hassan needed that I can already see how
this is going to start to
and I feel like it's not gonna favor her
son Bernie was good because Bernie would
get up there and say we need education
that we can afford
we need a healthcare system it doesn't
leave our poor sick in the streets and
we need fair wages for Fair Work some
[ __ ] like that right like some like
three or four real [ __ ] easy points
everybody here is it everybody cheers
there because what's not to love about
free health care for education more
wages easy [ __ ] [ __ ] yeah that kind
of [ __ ] Bernie was so good with [ __ ]
crowds of people I feel like that's um
yeah I feel like that would have done a
lot better here right business owners
are oppressing their employees come on
your hyper link on small business dawg
I'm talking about capitalism versus
Ocean even though 85% of all jobs in
this country are created by small
businesses no that's such a good point
do we take small businesses that don't
provide health care to their employees
they don't provide extended benefits to
their employees
85% of jobs are by small business why
are the businesses still smaller they're
so successful like are these gaping
comprehensive 401k medical dental
packages people anybody that's work for
a small business knows a small business
or [ __ ] [ __ ] to work for there's a
reason why people don't champion going
to work for a [ __ ] small business
okay
but I wish ah [ __ ] that's such a dumb
[ __ ] point didn't poverty rates have
gone to the lowest level in last 65
years do you finish three point nine
million Americans have gone off food
stamps and into the labor force under
this president that should be applauded
by everybody when less people have to go
to government for their for money and
for meaning and they instead are able to
go to a job and have a paycheck that's a
good thing and so the final thing I'll
say is this and you'll find disagreement
yes it's a good thing that people are
off food stamps but that shouldn't be
the bar for success for the country
right which is the main point that
people bring up right like in a day and
age where people are being richer than
they'd ever been in their entire lives
like your bar for success for the
average American is whether or not
they're on or off food stamps right when
Jeff Bezos is making billions and
billions and billions of dollars if his
stock changes a couple points we're
pointing to the fact that less people
are on food stamps how about we look at
the levels of education we're achieving
in our country how
we look at the access to health care
that we have in our country how about we
look at the access to affordable and
quality housing the access to luxury
goods these are the the standards by
which we should measure our success not
how many people on food stamps right ah
[ __ ] because someone gets rich does not
mean someone gets poor in order for you
to get rich in a free market system you
must have a good idea you must create
value
you must employ people you probably
borrowed money and you have an 80%
chance of that business not succeeding
in a free market yes we applaud success
but you must take responsibility for
failure and you have seen the last 100
years the standard of living increased
for all people across the world things
get better prices go down and we are
able to enjoy the abundance that only a
free market system can create you know
what I don't have to call you guys
socialist Bernie Sanders calls himself a
socialist yeah and we should reject
socialism yeah no we should yeah oh
agree with him that looks so weak no you
can't agree with him at the end there
first of all no one's even talking about
socialism we have we've even gotten to
socialism I guess he started off as
critiquing capitalist oh maybe but it's
very nice of you to immediately launch
this accusation that I don't care for
small businesses under a social
democracy kind of similar to small
businesses in Nordic countries and with
with robust economies but with also a
powerful and and protective social
welfare programs and and and and
socialize the socialized safety nets
this exists everywhere around the world
all of the comparable Western democratic
nations one of the reasons why I would
never agree to these formal debate kind
of things are why I really don't like
the idea of them if I were to ever
debate a person like this guy you need
to be able to stop them and go point by
point I would never let some
[ __ ] like this guy
Gish gallop the [ __ ] out of me with 72
[ __ ] stats and then throw it to me at
the end and expect me to have a retort I
mean you could but you would have to
engage in equally I'm kind of like
dubious inequal kind of like [ __ ]
tactics like [ __ ] that [ __ ] I'm not
gonna let this guy stack 50 [ __ ] [ __ ]
claims on me and then throw it to me the
end like I'm supposed to respond to that
deluge of [ __ ] statistical [ __ ]
[ __ ] that [ __ ]
been able to Institute socialist
principles and that's precisely why
their people are a lot happy how do you
think how do you think you would adjust
your style discussion to a format like
this would you try to play to the
comment oh yeah in it like and again
like this way I'm not like interested in
this kind of stuff but in this type of
debate yeah playing the crowd would be
like absolutely amazing right yeah of
course well all you need are a few
numbers on your side and then you have
to ask him why your numbers allow your
numbers to exist right so like cuz
because you can basically the goal would
be to turn his numbers against him right
like oh you say that you know 80% of
Americans have small businesses oh or
85% of small business well right oh you
say that unemployment oh you said that's
right that sounds like everything is
working well why is it that you know 25
million Americans can't afford health
care why is it that the cost of our
education are outpacing every other you
know income metric that we have are
outpacing inflation why is it that
Americans consistently achieve lower on
happiness indexes on access to health
care on access to education on all of
these other metrics around other
countries in the world what's wrong here
explain to me this why your statistics
all say we're doing so well but on all
of these other metrics were failing
compared to other countries right
because then all of the statistics that
he's citing for success they they don't
bear out in the end to benefit your
country okay well now you tell me what's
the problem here
right because then the onus is on him to
explain why his stats like well [ __ ] I
came in here with all my stats thing
everything's good but I mean like
nobody's gonna sit here and say America
is the best education in the world for
all of its citizens we're not the most
educated we fail on every [ __ ] Index
comfort compared to other countries
Scandinavian countries South Korea like
alright nobody's gonna say we have the
most access to health care that's
ridiculous and access is a good way to
measure the quality of health care
because nobody cares how good it is if
you don't have access to it right so
like you would have to turn his stats
against him and then you playing to the
crowd that way and then force him to
explain why you said America's doing so
well why do we fail then on all these
different metrics what's really
important to me is like focusing on
things on the rate of growth and the GDP
is great but you can't answer me you
can't answer this one simple question
who cares what our GDP is if the person
who is dying of abject poverty this is
good it is it can't heal himself then
because we don't have these way to
wording I don't know if he's nervous or
what not but like this is a good point
right why do I care that we have four
point three percent GDP growth
if X percentage of Americans don't have
health insurance right that's a debt
like a less wordy way of saying it right
yeah if you want some health care
solutions happy to talk about it you
brought up Norway Sweden Finland you
would call those socialist country oh
don't ever let somebody do this now I
already see what he's [ __ ] doing
don't ever let somebody try to [ __ ]
dialogue tree you oh my God he's [ __ ]
did this like out of the crowd a book
like you like the Conservatives do this
so often where they hear like well
really what did you talk about did you
talk about the skin and avian countries
I'm glad you brought that up
you talk about oh did you say Finland
Sweden Norway ho ho well hold on one
second did you know that these countries
are in actuality
built all of their wealth on capital
anyway I'm not done yet they built all
their wealth on capitalism before they
started their social democratic nuts and
they're not as large or Dave versus the
United States they don't have as many
black people and breath or I mean sorry
they're not as a culturally diverse as
we are um they're much like right don't
ever let somebody [ __ ] launch
themselves into some bully I guarantee
you I okay I could be wrong but it
sounds like that's exactly what he's
about to do no I wouldn't call them
socialist country he really wants to say
it let me say all this [ __ ] I've got
this whole script memorized for these
three [ __ ] countries please let me do
it ask the very simple question we'll
have a consensus on this first let me
ask you a question okay because this is
like really an improper framing and a
lot of people confuse social as you said
inherently excluded of you you frame the
argument Oh with capitalism yeah I did
it so that's yeah and I rebutted that so
how did you remote that by talking about
just us no by talking about like it
doesn't matter every single business
aside let me let me say one thing every
Norway Sweden and Finland according to
the World Economic Freedom Index are
ranked higher than the United States of
America that is not socialist they have
veterans are actually coming or they're
actually capitalist they build a well
that capitalism okay we got one point
how many we're gonna do lower taxes that
means that you can have socialism and
yet still have successful businesses in
your country thank you for proving my
point for me
love this it's the exact opposite you
know what socialist is Bernie Sanders
wants an 80% tax rate that's not
socialism neither of what these guys are
talking about Assad I don't think the
Scandinavian countries are socialist and
social is has nothing to do with high
taxes what is happening here Oh God
socialist North Korea not socialist was
Vietnam not socialist was with Zimbabwe
not socialist you can laugh all you want
okay do you 100 million people died
under some talking points
I said he's this guy he said at the
start right it's like Twitter and person
he's right it really feels like a
Twitter convo good years and you have
the gumption to the victims families
from Cuba Venezuela and Korea from
Vietnam from Mao's China from Stalin's
Russia the number one killer of citizens
from innocent civilians the last 100
years has been the very idea that you
shamelessly wear on your sleeve every
single day March system has killed more
people than any other ideology over the
last 100 years ok is Marxism isn't
Marxism literally by definition just an
analysis who come of capitalism is it
even anything more than that I I could
be wrong but ok I feel like I need like
my [ __ ] uh I feel like I need my
conservative bingo card here but Jesus
Christ thank you for those words you're
welcome when a hundred million people
die under a communist dictatorship and
some of those millions are also Nazis
which is included there whatever you
blame calm a tional Socialist Workers
Party National Socialists oh [ __ ] it's
right how can you advocate for socialism
but it's right there
national socialism oh right there [ __ ]
shouldn't then you just say like do you
love your country and the guys like yeah
I do
National Socialism nationally I like I
like that this is the level of political
theory discourse look at the word look
at the word in that title
I gotcha you blame socialism but when
seven million people die every year
under our current global capitalist
environment we're just just by famine
alone before we even talk about
imperialism and before we even talk
about that the damaging Wars that are
happening all around the world
then it's the individual so you're
essentially telling every single person
that's poor it's your fault that you're
poor it's your fault that you die under
a capitalist system but if you were
under a comment has ever said that I
mean that's literally what you're saying
no it's not I'm sorry whose fault is it
that seven million people every year die
just by famine related diseases so in
famine in our under our current global
capitalist structure whose individual
fault is it
yeah why is it will assist them when it
comes to communism under editor actually
but it really forty years
don't let him go to make a bucketeer to
the [ __ ] question make him answer
that goddamn question don't let him look
over the lows then why does communism
get the blame for all of the whatever
individual chit Mao and Stalin all your
[ __ ] [ __ ] is done unfortunately how
what's gonna stop there it's unfortunate
when they die oh yes yes Hassan death is
unfortunate yeah I know I understand but
you should have liked it made a bite the
bullet on that easy though cuz because a
common critique of conservatives is that
we do not have a plan for health care
it's quite simple first of all the idea
that we do not have socialized medicine
or a test case for it in the States
isn't correct the veterans that are all
gone hundred and ten billion dollars a
year
what about Medicare or Medicaid one is
for four people one is for old people
and I always mix them up I need to make
create a pneumatic device but what about
the what about Medicaid is for the
poor's okay what about Medicaid how far
better in the Sun let me finish a
hundred eighty billion dollars a year we
spent trying to help our veterans and
they wait in line they die in the
clinics the quality care is unbelievably
low you cannot say that the Veterans
Administration is a well-run government
agency despite us spending a hundred and
eighty billion dollars a year trying to
