one thing a lot of people noted was
destiny talking big after ever it's gone
but not while I was on doing the same
thing now when I'm having a conversation
with someone I'll be polite while you're
here but like I can't just like call you
dumb like to you that does that's not
very productive for a conversation I
we're never gonna grant anything my dude
I think it's better for you to just you
could sit in your little bubble and call
me racist or whatever and then we just
kind of move from there like like I
can't do this guys I can't put myself
through this I don't think I can handle
this again I'm gonna have a panic attack
mid-conversation dude for my own like
personal mental health I don't know if I
can I think I'm like yay damn sir I
think I've proven my point let's move on
oh he's saying you only talk big because
you left the stream I I mean if he if
you join if you join a room I'll drag
you in if you really if you really want
to chat again but I mean since we've had
our first conversation if you really
want to dude he said you had no balls
I mean it's I'm just trying to be polite
like oh god let me go get it let me go
so I play it up let me do I'm gonna do
to silence today so I can of all all the
soy flooding through my body I'll be
right back should I be adding even now
yeah hold on one second
I can't do this
Oh No everybody let's help let's all
relax ourselves okay
[Music]
my dude all right we're on we're live
all right so what's what's going on man
how's everything I'm doing great a
little bit scared now but here I am I
know it man it's all good no don't be
scared me no well no it's not a man I'm
actually like I'm ready to go now okay
if if we do this again okay you have to
let me talk cuz you talked like [ __ ]
three times as much as me last time and
I'll let you say a lot of really dumb
[ __ ] and I can't let you do it again
okay what did I say that was dumb why am
i doing so my problem with conservatives
is that you guys have like no factual
basis for anything you always like apply
to like your [ __ ] feelings and
emotions all the time and I don't care
about that when I have these
conversations I don't have fact-based
conversations not like here's a story
about my grandpa and this proves my
point
you know a freshman what did I say that
was close
it's not about whether or not your
statements are true or false it's about
whether or not you're making rational
arguments so for instance doesn't it
matter if I'm saying something that's
true
nope nope so if a statement is true it
doesn't matter it depends on it doesn't
because a statement is true doesn't mean
it supports an argument so for instance
if somebody says that meat is unhealthy
for you and I say well I like me that's
a true statement but it doesn't speak to
the argument of whether or not meat is
healthy or unhealthy for you so if I
argue that so if I say something like
red lining was a policy that existed
that discriminated against black people
not people that could have put black
people and you say well my grandfather
owned a house in West Virginia that says
nothing to my argument well what I told
you was about redlining it was largely
based on credit which is not just a fait
it ended it did not justify blacks
either it also affected White's you know
that there are documents online that
exist right now where we can both go and
look through documents that that are
still actually in use in some place
today that say like no black people not
people with bad clear credit but no
black people like well okay but it was
largely based on credit and it did not
just affect blacks so was redlining only
applied to black people or did it apply
to the people that were white in some
cases
do you really think that redlining was
generally done only very what was
generally done to just people poor
credit and didn't really generally apply
to black people or do you think that was
mainly black people and maybe there were
some cases of white people being
discriminated against well it was people
from all different walks of life but it
was largely based on credit okay
why do you think that no historian would
back that point up why do you think that
everybody in history like disagrees with
you does that make you uncomfortable
everybody in history sure if we were to
go and read any article about redlining
it's gonna talk about how redlining was
targeted towards black people and the
horribly discriminatory effects it had
on black communities so you can you can
speak to all the articles that exist on
redlining it exists all over the
internet you're confident when you say
that fairly well I'm sure you could find
like a Breitbart article that's right so
let's not say that all articles are
gonna support your claim okay most
credible historians or most credible
sociologists that are talking about the
practice of redlining are going to be
saying that red light Lake I'm pretty
sure we went to the Wikipedia page it's
going to talk right in there about how
red line is a great source of
information isn't it a lot better than
whatever you're sourcing that says it
was just for credit I mean we don't we
don't even don't like the Wikipedia
article we go straight to the sources
from the wiki article but yeah I would
consider decent starting point say that
most historians would say - then why
don't all historians say they because
I'm sure you can probably find
exceptions in any academic field about
some things I'm sure that I could
probably find why I don't know because
some people are crazy because some
people have I don't know there's a
million reasons why I could probably
find I guarantee you I bet my life on it
I could probably find a physicist out
there that believes the earth is flat
I'm sure they exist but why would I go
against consensus there unless I'm
pushing an agenda you can prove that the
earth is not flat I mean that's a
different thing I mean I can prove to
you that I mean what's does anybody have
a link to the site where you can go back
and read like all the documents that
still exist today that can show you like
how they specifically call out black
people in the document we can go and
read these now this like this isn't
contested history like the thing that
bothers me when I'm talking about this
isn't like something that's up for
debate it's not even like a thing that
like people like also with art so I'm
going to documents if are wrong and are
wrong
there's somebody Jackie this all right
let me try and find this if anybody has
a post for this there's like a really
sick there's like a website where you
can go online you don't actually read
like a whole bunch of documents have
been uploaded but I mean I'm kind of on
the spot but I'll try to find it give me
a minute
you know this articles also say that
redlining is still alive but how is that
possible when it's illegal to do that
because people can discriminate without
being overt about it for instance
sometimes if people get a job
application they might toss that if the
name is of a black person as opposed to
if it's a white sounding name so you
could argue that there's forms of
discrimination which have been well
studied this isn't controversial either
okay so is that only something that
affects black people or can whites be
discriminated against in the same way
I'm not aware of any studies that show
that widespread white people have been
discriminated against in job performance
I didn't ask you about if it's
widespread or not and I didn't ask you
of a study I just had I just said can
whites be discriminated against when it
comes to jobs I don't get a lot of
blacks because you got a lot of mean why
don't you care because I'm looking for
sir sir sir hold on if you don't care
about that then why do you care about
the converse why do you care about
blacks being discriminated against but
not White's or anybody else being
discriminated against sitting it'd be
wrong to discriminate against anybody if
you're against discrimination sure but
that's not the conversation we're having
right now well what are we talking about
it I'm talking about widespread policies
that impact large groups of people
across the United States not is there is
there a chance that a white person
somewhere might discriminate that's
possible and if it happens yeah I'm
against that it's wrong but I don't care
about one off example the article I'm
talking about says the red line is
losses today so that's net policy nor is
it wise free what are what is this I
don't understand you're proving my
pointer is this supposed to prove your
point now the article the article says
that red lining is so alive and will
although that's illegal you can't do
that so I mean the point is that you can
find an article this is anything they
over at line in Israel
it affects these people you can find
anything to back up whatever you want to
back up can you change
can you I'm not trying to put you on the
spot any yeah because you're kind of ear
right there you're using like the
Russian propaganda line we are trying to
say that like all all articles are of
equal credibility like no I'm just
proving I'm just saying that sometimes
it doesn't really matter what you can
bring up you could bring up anything to
support your claim that's not true for
the most part I think
no no that's absolutely imaginary that
is one of the most anti intellectual
positions I've ever heard in my entire
life
we shouldn't matter because we should be
able to agree on what reality is or
something is well studied we should have
a decent consensus on what is actually
happening this this idea that all
evidence is equal evidence so that all
things can be possible at any point of
time is totally absurd I didn't say all
evidence is equal evidence I'm just
saying that you can bring up anything to
support your claim payments sound the
same to me that sounds like it's on the
same but it's under same to you but
that's not what I'm saying okay when you
say anybody yeah when anybody can bring
up something to support their claim that
makes it sound like all evidence is is
equally nice your opinion in this fine
but it's not what I'm saying
okay that's what's heavily implied but
what you're saying so let me ask you
know that's what you're implying I think
anybody's your opinion I'm so that's not
when I'm applying this your opinion do
you think that all evidence is equal
then no when I didn't say it was then
why would you care if anybody could
bring up a random article to support
something what does that have to do with
anything do you think that I won't point
okay do you think that when I say that
redlining is something that's well
researched and most people gonna do you
think I'm just setting random articles
there do you think that's like oh like a
decent consensus of like sociology that
they would agree that like redlining
existed and it discriminated against
black people well I mean you are able to
deduce that from what you have been able
to research but from when I've been able
to research I know that it was largely
based on credit and it did not just a
Fayette blacks and I can find
information to back up what I say and
you can find information to back up what
you say and do you if you want do you
want it like us we could have a
structured debate on this if you want
well we could actually both research
sources and cut because like there's you
you're speaking against historical
consensus like you're not gonna find
sociologists that are gonna stay here
and legitimately you might be able to
find like a random maybe like a Thomas
Saul or its oral article or whatever
that says like ah well I don't think
Ness left to actual educated intelligent
this is a very educated man he's very
well respected and author I mean like
why he'd not be a good source to go to
if he stands at ends with like every
other person in the field I'm gonna lean
with
more the field than that one guy that
was because a lot of people disagree
thing that makes them wrong that's not
exactly what I'm saying
so what are you saying if I were to get
a roomful of 100 physicists and they
were to give you their interpretation of
quantum mechanics and then a religious
person were to say well I think it's
like this and I would say I'm probably
gonna side with the scientific people
would you literally tell me oh so just
cuz all of them are saying it you think
it's right do you think that academic
consensus exists or do you think that's
just a big meme academic instances I
mean you can have a consensus but that
doesn't necessarily mean that it's right
I mean the consensus at one point was a
the earth would have some revolved
around the earth not the other way
around
that was a consensus at one point that
doesn't mean that you know it's
infallible that it could never be
disproven okay baby making argument
you're making is saying oh because most
people disagree with some and so people
that you have been able to identify on
the internet or whatever doesn't make
Thomas so automatically wrong okay
firstly that the the not heliocentric an
earth centric universe was a religious
idea not a scientific idea firstly
secondly that idea is not as wrong as
thinking the Sun is moving randomly
throughout the sky in some ways from our
perspective it's correct so the idea
that the earth was the center in
universe isn't even necessarily 100%
wrong and some in some ways you could
argue it okay we're more more accurate
today but the process of our scientific
investigation is becoming more and more
and more accurate has happened because
we've listened to scientific consensus
as time has gone on if there's like one
person standing against like an odds so
the course is changed it evolves it
doesn't just like 180 typically it
changed do you think that all changes
where I mean evolution and implies
change doesn't it not you have to if you
evolve you change not going to stay the
same if you evolve no but you're
chilling moving and like you're
typically moving in like a single
direction or you're moving in a certain
direction you don't just like 180 on all
of your previous opinions in there just
to be like whatever like just because
the consensus changed at one point in
time doesn't mean that all things are
all of a sudden equally viable so the
point is that a consensus can't change
it's not set in stone necessarily sure
but I real
wait that brings me to my point about
Thomas auld I don't think it makes any
sense to say oh just because other
people disagree with them that he's
automatically wrong okay but the fact
that every other educated person in this
field disagrees with him and he's the
one person standing at ends as a layman
I'm gonna side with the majority
consensus and until they can point at
weaken it that's one person begin to the
far right now that doesn't mean he's the
only person it's just one person that
you can identify so when you look at
like like any of these documents that
exist that show that like black people
are are not allowed to rent things here
or that we don't like do these things
are they all do you think they're fake
documents or well not necessarily I
think that racism like I said in a
previous discussion we had racism most
certainly does exist and existed much
more back then especially prior to 1960
but I still say that red London was
largely based on credit and one thing
that you may not agree on the credit
part but one thing that we both have to
agree on which is fact is that red line
and did not just impact black people it
impacted a lot of different people
including white recent immigrants
Hispanics Asians etc Jews especially
okay but it disproportionately impacted
black people compared to white people
there might have been like an absolute
number of white people that were
impacted that might be more than blacks
but it disproportionately impacted black
people okay I'm not really sure if
that's one percent true or false let's
just say it's true now did it impact any
other racial group in a way that was
worse than whites prep maybe probably I
think Filipino well sure I think you
should look into that and see what's
going on with it it could have impacted
Jews it could have impacted Hispanics
Asians and then we need to look at how
that affected them and if it did affect
them in a negative way
why are black people still struggling
with what we're struggling with today I
think this whole redlining excuse is
just kind of worn out played out
honestly because during that time closer
to the end of slavery in a time when
there was much more racism segregation
and Jim Crow
oliday you can look at all these metrics
and see that the black community was in
the midst of much better states but it
is yeah
just because more people were employed
doesn't mean they were any muck this
sounds like like like if I were to go to
lay just one metric you can measure but
there's many other metrics you could
measure - like it sounds like I could
make the argument we should go back to
slavery because black people were well
fed were well nourished were kept in
good homes had clothes and the
employment rate was 100 percent why not
that I'm sure that there were a lot of
like slavery you talking about people
that are imprisoning essentially this
not to say anything is being free who
cares if they if they're employed if
they're happy I'm sure there was
something I'm sure they're reduce the
amount of black people who are happy
living under very slave owners no that's
not that's not what we're talking about
people that are free you can't you can't
compare free people to prisoners it's
not the same I mean are you really sorry
in today's society you still have to
work to pay your [ __ ] bills sometimes
you got to work really [ __ ] jobs I mean
more choices in if you are a prisoner if
you're incarcerated if you're
incarcerated you have you're not free
you can't just do whatever you want to
do what do you think somebody would
rather do you think somebody would
rather be like a happy slave living on a
plantation where their owners taking
care of them or would rather be
miserable in today's black society where
everybody is like born out of wedlock
and there's drugs I think any man woman
child will much rather be free
regardless of what the situation is okay
then if you believe that why do you keep
citing me that like in the 50s black
people were better off than they are
today
because the baby was over no but it was
legal discrimination and segregation and
[ __ ] existed it doesn't mean that it was
slavery so anything short of slavery is
okay wait so like if I tell you you're
black you can't live in this part of the
