alright ok what's up everybody can hear
you know hold on one second we're good
all right yeah okay so you tuber you get
called once a year to UM try again I
said well I'm I'm a I'm a guy who's
trying to work in entertainment and I
used YouTube as a way to market myself
but I'm not really like a guy who plays
the YouTube game okay I do stuff behind
the scenes and like I've been hired by a
few YouTube channels to you know go
strike jokes to do audio stuff like that
I'm signed to a lot of NDA is because
guys get in their feelings you know but
uh yeah no I just
I'm a working dude that that's what I'm
into
and I I guess I work in media work in
entertainment I have you know I have
both I guess creative and technical
knowledge and some stuff okay and uh
that's what I do
so what do you do I was a
semi-professional gamer like [ __ ] six
to nine years ago like eSports uh yeah
okay that I've been doing streaming ever
since then
yeah pretty much and when we divide our
time between basically video games and I
like politics and philosophy and then
why does so a bit of other random topics
let me ask this do you have your side
hustles what uh what do you mean by that
like if twitch were to end or YouTube
were to end you know for what cuz you
know we never know we're not we're not
omniscient like do you do you have your
side hustles are you are you selling
stuff you selling books so you are you
getting on that show you know I mean I
have I have side things but most of them
are tied into like streaming into
YouTube I can't if I've lost both of
them I mean I have to go back to the
drawing board but why man you got a plan
I don't think I don't plan on losing
both of these anytime soon but alright
okay I've been doing it for about nine
years right um okay so what's going on
you seem pretty upset about my video
would what happened well no the well you
were talking well basically I was I was
saying a piece mm-hmm I was saying my
piece on what's go the the main crux of
the quote was like if I'm if I'm if I'm
talking [ __ ] on a project or whatever or
like let's say a short or whatever the
hell right I'm talking [ __ ] on that you
know I'll be like okay like like you
know show me that shot
I can you know I have the technical
know-how to recreate that show me a mix
I have the technical know-how it would
like be like Oh fix this fix that blah
blah blah right and then um and then you
have you add some quote that had to do
with what the [ __ ] you had some quote
that had to do with like people who are
good at something don't know how they
got good at it I think that was that was
a quote that you that you had yeah often
times yeah sure and well often time now
if no no but like well I'm not gonna say
100% of the time I'm sure there are a
lot of people that have a really good
understanding of like the underlying
methodologies to improve it something or
whatever but there are a lot of people
that are very good at things that have a
very poor ability to teach other people
how to do it right I mean I guess I'm
the exception to your rule then because
because I teach I teach short courses
workshops I teach them in a variety of
things I teach people how to write jokes
I teach people's intimate ography I
teach people film photography I teach
yeah audio mixing audio engineering all
this stuff and I do it like I do like
Skype sessions 80 bucks and they're met
with very positive reviews I've been in
you know channels have been you know not
just like any channel you know channels
with 300,000 you know 500,000
subscribers have been like yeah this
guy's legit this guy's legit there's
certain channels who again guys are in
their feelings they don't want to they
don't want to plug me for certain
political reasons not like not like real
world politics but I mean like you know
community politics you get what I mean
and so like you know I'm a dude who like
I'm big on introspection I'm big on
self-actualization I'm big on on these
concepts and it's like you know there
there's there's a method to the madness
or what you perceive as madness and
saying or saying like okay well you
think this is babble then you do it
there's a method to that madness and
there's an overall how would I put this
there's an overall like encouragement
that I try to put out by putting that
out there and in the and the concept of
that if we or I'll give you an example
like you know what West 4th Street is
the the court on West West 4th Street in
Manhattan nope go for it okay on West
4th Street West 4th Street is a
basketball court very very famous plays
you get off you get off the subway is
right there
and you know it's it's the huge you know
it's the the the center of pickup
basketball culture just pickup game
culture in general whether it's handball
basketball tennis whatever or maybe not
tennis but um essentially I go into this
because it's like let's say if you're
standing on the sidelines and there's
there's tons of dudes who touched it
almost 4th Street you know you know and
there's a guy talking [ __ ] on West 4th
Street they're gonna be like hey you
[ __ ] do it put 50 on it let's play
let's play and you know it's that
concept of like if people and it's like
it's just that challenge that challenge
and that's good for humans like people
[ __ ] need that [ __ ] they need that
near them they need they can't if people
are always in this realm where it's like
I'm in my bubble and all the people
making things are in their bubble and I
have this mentality that I'm never gonna
reach that that you know that's the sort
of thing it sort of kills motivation and
it's like I'm all about [ __ ] I'm all
about like like dude I want people to
[ __ ] work I want people to get better
and it's like that mentality of like
[ __ ] well I don't like them doing I'm
gonna try to do it that mentality is
[ __ ] sick and that mentality like it
betters people and so like like that's
what I try to get out by doing stuff
like that by by saying stuff like that
wait so what so the ultimate point of
that was it like doing stuff is valuable
do well yeah I mean don't you think
doing stuff is valuable yeah for sure ok
what we're good but that doesn't mean I
don't so well maybe give me a point yeah
well you know let me pick apart two
things here so ok I'll speak from
personal experience and them and then
broaden things up a little bit in terms
of the difference between doing and
teaching yeah I used to give so similar
to you but for something far less
serious well I did music in college and
I used to give lessons for starcraft2
one thing that I noticed was that I mean
Starcraft 2 and in all video games for
people that sell lessons for [ __ ] there
are a lot of people that are very very
good at the game but they have an
inability to help other people get to
their level so for an example of this
they might take a really new player and
they might give him strategies or things
to do their very very very complicated
saying like a little fetus practice and
do this you know this is how you'll get
better and it's like well that's not
really how people learn
the idea of teaching something to
somebody is a totally different skill
than just becoming good at something
because a lot of people aren't necessary
out aware of how they got good at
something so that was my quote there are
people that are really good that have no
idea how they got that right
so a really good example of this
especially if you work in film I'm sure
you've heard somebody say this before
when it comes to things like art often
times you'll hear somebody say something
like oh you know like I don't really
know how I'm good at drawing I never
took any lessons or anything but this is
a person that's been drawing
recreationally since they were three
years old right they've actually had
like a lifetime of practicing it but
they don't really think about tonight
can I jump in just right yeah okay like
so with filmmaker draw art whatever the
hell like how do I put this there is the
there is the it's two parts it's there's
the creative mind and there is the you
know what part of your brain is gonna
put the new [ __ ] out there what part of
your brain is gonna change the culture
or I mean not like overall but you know
like little bits and there's a part of
your brain that's technical and there's
a part of brain that's like you know oh
you shouldn't if we're doing draw or
I'll do film because that's what I know
you know like there's there's the dude
it's like oh what what feeling or what
should this character do and how is that
like how does that culturally work and
how does how do these characters
interact in blah blah blah and and then
there's the part of how do we you know
should we over expose the hair light by
two stops to give it that hallmark look
and you know where do we put where do we
place this C stand here and you know all
that stuff so they're they're two
separate there's two separate parts and
it's like you know so I guess it sort of
sounds like we're both under the
impression that like an inherent talent
cannot really be taught it can kind of
only be learned well know what I think
all I'm saying is that teaching is a
totally different skill set that has to
be developed on his own that there could
be somebody that is insanely [ __ ]
good at something that has no concept of
how to teach it it's just yeah like to
actually learn like the cognitive
psychic shift behind how do beginners
pick up a new skill and then how do you
get to a certain level of something just
because you're really good at something
does not mean you can teach that thing I
think I mean no I mean you're not you
know you're not totally wrong you know
not totally again but like you gotta see
if this is from my perspective I'm a
dude people tell me that I'm a good
teacher and people tell me that I'm a
good filmmaker people tell me that you
know like dude that was sick this was a
blah blah blah
so it's I mean you got a you got to see
this from my perspective well before
that your perspective doesn't really
matter though right I mean it matters to
me
but like Steve will if somebody were to
ask like what the average income of
every person in America was would you
just list your income and say well
that's mine I mean that but like those
are two different thing one is like a
statistical thing one is like this this
mental methodology of like well you know
we're talking on average whether or not
people that are good at something are
able to teach it and I think that
oftentimes the answer to that is
generally no it's why a lot of coaches
and whatnot they might have some slight
background and in professional stuff
whatever but they're very rarely are
they like the best of the best or
whatever but they're teaching like best
of the best you know I don't know is but
I think about like film school I'm
someone who did not go to film school
and I'm very very proud of that I'm very
very happy about that
because because film school is the
greatest scam in America right now
because there are so little schools that
actually teach you like technical stuff
like their school but of this way I'll
give you an example and again this is my
perspective like okay like I put out you
know a few tutorial videos which have
gotten like hundreds of thousands of
hits and you know like one was on them
you know someone are like on on you know
how to be a home voiceover guy summer
you know it teaches people about audio
stuff and that video got ripped off like
a million times there was a huge drama
but um there was another video I did on
ADR and uh anyone who's listening who
follows me they've heard me tell the
story a million times because I think
it's funny but um one day I get this kid
and he's messaging me on Twitter he's
like you they are playing your video at
at my Arizona University there they are
playing this in the media study they're
opening the lecture with this and I'm
just sitting back and I'm thinking I
said [ __ ] film school I'm gonna learn
this [ __ ] on my own through working all
this stuff and the film schools are
using the knowledge that I'm putting out
in their stuff and it's like like dude
when I was like [ __ ] 1819 when I
started it I couldn't I couldn't have
[ __ ] envisioned that like I was I was
still nervous I was still scared I was
like bro what if I'm making the wrong
choice right and you know that all sort
of but that all sort of goes back to the
thing it's like if I'm just this dude
and I don't have any of these resources
and I'm able to go out and I have the
drive to find all
this technical know-how all this
technical knowledge and I have also have
the ability to I guess entertain or
teach it put it in an entertaining way
it's like I mean we're getting a little
off-topic by just talking about film
school here but like it's like dude like
why are kids going in for some
generational debt for when like the
teacher you know some of the teachers
don't even know something yeah
understand have you ever heard the term
dunning-kruger syndrome
yeah the dunning-kruger effect it's
where like at the very first like you're
very confident in it and then you you go
down the loop and then you like learn
yeah yeah are you there there are two
sides to the dunning-kruger that a lot
of people don't realize on the other
side of the dunning-kruger so on the
lower end people with low levels of
competency tend to overestimate their
abilities but on the high end those
people tend to underestimate those
abilities those people are pretty common
too and I hear a lot of them say similar
things to what you're saying do you ever
think that maybe you've been doing it
for a long time and you just had like
kind of a knack for it but it's a little
bit unrealistic to expect everybody else
to follow in your footsteps
oh no it's absolutely unrealistic for
everyone to follow of course yeah like I
know real quick the parallel that I
would draw with what you're saying is
you can find a lot of really talented
programmers that'll say things like [ __ ]
school just start contributing to
repositories and [ __ ] early on like you
don't need to go to school just program
like as a hobby and [ __ ] and you'll pick
it and it's like that's not everybody
can do that right right well no the
interesting thing with programmers and
I've talked to a few of them is they
come out of call or they just come out
of just knowing programming and they
think they're gonna be the next rock
star coder but they don't know like
let's say I wanted a video game they
don't have a background for art they
don't have a background for game design
or whatever and so but that's the big
fallacy that I see programmers fall
under but that's that's a separate like
the dude who made um who was it do that
made undertale mmm like Toni Toni
something Toby Fox yeah yeah yeah dude
that dudes a genius man that dudes like
a 10 in a generation talent like when
you think of it cuz this dude this dude
knew art this dude knew game design and
this due knew how to code I don't know
all that
like that's impressive like that like
that's a good [ __ ] there are probably
a ton of the video game designers that
did go to school though right well I
wasn't talking about school I was just
saying like dude that guy's awesome
shout-out to him you know
anyway uh what were we getting at okay
the parallel okay you were saying I'm
just saying that just because I don't
know it especially because I noticed
that a lot of this I'm not trying to
insult you but there's a lot of
pretentiousness surrounding art and like
there is people say things like oh you
don't need to go to school for art
they're just stifles your creativity and
whatnot or you can do all of it without
school it's not about that it's about
it's a money drain and I say it for
financial reasons financial reasons only
oh sure but I mean like if you've got
the financial means to do so I feel like
art schools can can provide you with
assuming you're an intelligence not
intelligent like you can go to school
and waste all your [ __ ] time right we
know this but like if you're on and this
is coming for some idea that went to
school and worked a full-time job and
waste of [ __ ] time so I know how much
[ __ ] time you can waste in school
like if you have the ability to take
advantage of it I mean I feel like art
schools can be like an amazing [ __ ]
resource in terms of giving you the
ability to grow and understand you know
I'm sure like if you had infinite money
I'm going to assume I mean I'm 99% sure
this is true but you're probably really
passionate about everything that you do
and it seems like you regardless of
being paid for it or going to school for
it you're gonna practice and pursue your
hobby like if you have these same
mentalities you seem like the perfect
type of person we're like if you
assuming you had infinite money if you
went to an art school you could like
take tremendous advantage of all the
resources available there here's the
thing about again all right I'm gonna
put it back into film school cuz that's
all I know that's all I like really
really so like when I look at I'm an
independent dude independent guy you
know I go out shoot a small commercial
shoot a small infomercial shoot a small
documentary like like that's that's a
lot of the the money that I make and I
look at all the gear I had like I have a
usually you take out a grip truck I take
out a grip sedan where I fell a hell of
a car with all these Mathew stands all
this stuff and I you know I look you
know over the course of a couple years
own text me over the course of a couple
years I amassed all this tungsten lights
all these ki-- no flow everybody that
works does gigging a [ __ ] will do this
especially yeah filming all random [ __ ]
and so and so I look at all the stuff I
have and then I look at like a
university like a big university near
where I grew up or something like that
that's known for the Arts and I look at
their stuff and I have better equipment
than they do and so it's like not now
granted okay wait
that seems like cuz that seems like a
huge stretch like it seems to me like
it's generally the opposite like with
you okay so this is why because now used
to now okay in the 70s yeah okay if a
college offered a film media program
they had to spend all that money because
you you know you know that you see all
the gear in front of you [ __ ] yeah 25
years ago you can't get that stuff a
condenser microphone used to be like a
thousand dollars at the least right or
it used to be ridiculously expensive but
what happened is is that over time with
the digital stuff you know they used to
have schools used to need to have the
Mitchel BNC the sixteen millimeter you
know Aten xtr film cameras all this they
used to need to have that but now what
they do is they cheap out and now they
can get you know a Canon c100 now they
can get you know now they just get a
Arsenal DSLRs and stuff like that or
they get you know or the most they have
is like a Sony f3 blah blah blah and
it's just like just with the digital
with the sort of digital revolution
these schools have been able to cheap
out and do that and I'm gonna cover will
say that just cuz I hear the opposite
experience so often it seems like I
don't know if either you're either my
impression could be totally wrong
because I'm not basing this on a large
data set or your school might have had
like exceptionally bad gear but it seems
like generally like the media libraries
and [ __ ] of schools are [ __ ] deck the
[ __ ] out like the resources are usually
insane it can seem now I can now now as
far as gripping goes I saw the school
what that means what is gripping
gripping that's like light stands that's
East and that's like the concept of
rigging lights like on it on a pole or
you know stuff like that is gripping
okay they're like gels alright all that
stuff anyway
so how do I get into this [ __ ] where
were we okay the my gear versus the
school year okay so it's like and you
know I'll see you some schools with the
gripping is like again for video
cinematography the gripping is you know
for a lot of schools it's um it's on par
with what I have but like their schools
like I have I have an uncle who works at
Arizona University not Arizona State
Arizona University the the the Arizona
State was the school that anyway so and
he's like I'm like oh well what do they
do at their media
and he's like oh they they edit on
iMovie oh they have all photography
stands oh they they shoot on you know
they shoot on DSLR or like the the
handycams that you get from Walmart blah
blah blah and it's like I'm not saying
every film school is that bad but it's
like dude if you're trying to learn
cinematography if you want to get on a
film set if you want to go to New York
LA blah blah blah like you you can't be
learning with just photography stands or
else you know you're going to come out
of the school with a degree and you are
coming unprepared and it's just like you
know it is is that you know is that
ethical is that right you know I I don't
think it is you know but but again these
schools and the high schools they they
implant this thing into mind where you
have to go to college and it's like
again there are film programs that are
good there are good film programs they
are out there like us see for example
USC's of film production like like
that's a great [ __ ] in school if you
want to get jobs and [ __ ] that's where
you got to go or I mean one of the
places you got to go but there's not a
ton of them right
and so like again I don't know I'm
losing my train of thought now sure yeah
I don't know I mean I I kind of
understand what you're saying I guess if
your school is [ __ ] resources it's
pretty sad the most common criticism I
usually hear of art school in general so
they don't teach you how to make a
living off of whatever art you're going
for I guess I I guess I sort of yeah I
guess I sort of said that too but yeah
yeah and in different words so I guess
in general the second kind of like major
point was um do you listen to music do
you know how Anthony Fantana is yeah
Anthony Mann tent yeah I do everybody
knows Anthony Fantana the glasses guy
yeah he didn't really yeah he did a
really good video recently on whether or
not you need to know music theory well
it was for him particularly whether or
not he needed to know music theory to do
music reviews do you've an opinion I
don't know if you watched this
particular video but I'm sure you can
kind of get the gist of it he said
obviously you know he doesn't feel like
it would help much you have any opinions
on that or okay well I got it I got it I
gotta be clear here I'm not a music guy
yeah I mean like like I put out like
musical stuff cuz it's like funny and
cool but like I don't you know like I'm
not yeah and I don't need music but
basically just like um if you want to
critique something
you necessarily need to have either
first-hand experience or know like the
underlying construction of like every
smaller fundamental element noted it
this is what reasonable could take this
is hard is that music is far more
cultural than film weight music is far
more cultural than film because it's
like like dude I'll see here's an
example and I like I'm not trying to
like be like mean - Anthony Fantana like
I mean he's a dude who's made his living
and you know he's made is his life as a
journalist like he's done it right huh
but like this is here's an example like
Anthony Fantana he'll give like like
hip-hop is like the main genre of music
I follow and he'll give he'll give lo
pump like a six out of ten for one album
and then he'll give 21 savage a 2 out of
10 for another album but again like if
now I'm assuming these names like you
don't care about either of these names
the that's fine that's fine that's fine
but like when you're like sort of in the
culture of hip-hop and you're sort of
like you know knowing about you know
what certain words or certain phrases
and you're sort of understanding like
the sensibilities of like a certain
artist like you you can't oh my god like
like to give 21 savages it's the album a
2 out of 10 and then give little pumps
album a 6 out of 10 21 savage is talking
about deep [ __ ] that the average white
guy probably isn't going to understand
and that's fine but it's like you know
like that's sort of where the confusion
comes in that's why music is so cultural
and so yeah I got I got a I have to tag
that statement cuz it seems real graphic
listener mean how can you say that music
is cultural but film isn't cultural no
not a film is still cultural it's just I
don't know it just feel it I don't know
for some reason music feels way more
subjective than film I don't know why I
just my number-one contention with that
is it I would say that there are plenty
of people today well maybe not that
enjoying music from like the 60s 70s 80s
like a lot of people can turn on like
song some like journey where the Eagles
or Pink Floyd and really enjoy it but I
would argue with with film it's actually
way harder to do that that turning on
like Casablanca or some older film is
actually a lot harder to get people into
today it seems like the film is more
cultural even than music is I feel I
mean we could go back and forth with
that I don't honestly I don't really
what I said that's not a very strong
opinion of mine so like
like I don't like I'm not gonna stay
here and like get blue in the face of a
you know geisha I mean but okay but but
it's cultural we both agree that it's
cultural to an extent blah blah blah I
don't know it's mm-hmm but okay getting
back to Anthony Fanta knows do you need
to know about music theory I don't know
I mean like I I hear people well getting
back to the cultural thing like I hear
people who will critique mixes sorry I I
hear people who critique a certain mix
and someone who's educated in mixing
someone who you know could work in New
York work in LA and they'll hear a
hip-hop song and they'll be like oh well
this this is done wrong blah blah blah
blah and then I go to UM
blah blah blah and then they'll go to
like and then someone who's like most
let me repeat let me start over okay
you'll get a guy who might be
knowledgeable mixing who hears a hip-hop
song he's like oh those kicks are too
loud oh that snare is too loud
oh the vocals are too loud but then it's
like but again in the culture of hip-hop
like that's hard like xxx ten Tosh on or
like any of those dudes like if they
have the hard like clipping [ __ ] K X
like people fine with that like crazy
and they're like dude how do I get my
kids to sound like that
oh my god me and my friends will make
music for fun why dude how do we get pub
DeRose Kicks how the hell do we do that
and we're just having fun with it man
we're it's just fun fun fun but then
you'll take you'll take a guy who's
mostly into hip-hop and he'll hear let's
say like like a Beatle sounding song a
Beatle sort of mixed song and he'll be
like dude the vocals are too quiet I
can't hear anything
but it's like the difference between
like hip-hop and I guess I guess rocker
I don't I don't know what Beatles are
like their own genre it feels like
sometimes anyway you know like the
vocals and other genres of music aren't
as important and so it's like that's
sort of if that's where a separation
where you sort of wait huh I get I'm
getting really confused cuz you keep
referencing like hip-hop do you think
that it's not possible for that there
are a lot of music reviewers that or I
guess I don't really understand these
compares notes you are there a lot of
music Revere's that were like listen to
hip I'll be like I don't understand this
thing at all even though it's really
cool and it's bad or whatever and them
to say this or I mean it can happen it's
happen I'm not saying that Anthony
Fantana does it every time I'm not
saying that by any means
but what I'm saying is like there there
are differences and so for someone to be
like the ultimate like unbiased music
reviewer I think they need to maybe know
a little bit about a little something
something about technical know-how but
then sort of also back up and try to
immerse themselves and as in as many
different cultures and you know trains
of thought as possible to sort of come
unbiased with it cuz like that's what
everybody wants an unbiased reviewer
right like that's what everyone's goal
to find is sure yeah do it well I love I
love biased reviewers I love like um do
you follow sports
I don't but often those people like
reviewers that have the same bias as
they do right so that they can play well
no I mean like like there's their skip
bayless on or he was on he was on ESPN
now he's on Fox Sports but this guy
he'll just say [ __ ] I'm like nah dude
that's wrong but I just I love how
[ __ ] strong is with it because he's a
showman he's a [ __ ] he's a dude with
the ton of knowledge he's seeing a lot
of [ __ ] and it'll be like Tim Tebow will
be the greatest [ __ ] quarterback in
the NFL of all time I think we both know
that Tim Tebow isn't around anymore like
no one really hears that name anymore
but um it's like but it's like dude like
he was wrong but it's like [ __ ] I
don't care like what he was saying was
good and he was hyped up and I [ __ ]
vied with that I was like hell yeah dude
skip bayless [ __ ] make that money you
know I'm a well I'm happy for people's
success I'm happy for [ __ ] like that
like I don't like and again the main
crux in my thing like oh you go out and
do it do it it's just I want people to
try man I want people to work I want
people to do that's what I want that's
what I want anything like the overall
positivity of that message is is cool I
telling people to go out and do stuff is
definitely good I just think that the
like the criticism that you can't be a
good critic if you haven't actually like
created anything of your own seems to
betray like the entire history of
criticizing things um the entire history
of criticizing yeah there's like tons of
famous critic like I can't pronounce his
[ __ ] name was only worried about like
Roger T or is it Roger Ebert or whatever
like all like there are tons of like
film critics or tons of music critics
there are tons of you know ESPN hosts
went out that didn't necessarily play
sports at a professional level or didn't
participate or do a lot of these things
than all these people are well regarded
as pretty decent commentators and
whatnot so I guess like yeah idea being
super dismissive of somebody just
because they don't have that first-hand
experience seems a little
not very well it's what's a call that
will some guys I'm gonna take sports out
of it cuz not everybody can be born six
foot seven let's keep it so let's keep
it to entertainment I mean like dude you
got to admit and also like what's a I
research the early 2000s heavily heavily
heavily heavily I have a project called
two thousand on everything it's like an
album thing and the and why I bring that
up is because I was reading a Peter
Travers Peter Travers he was the Rolling
Stone film critic and I'm reading a
Rolling Stone magazine from July 2000
and it's talking about the new wave of
movie reviewers on the internet the new
wave of Internet movie critics and
they're saying that these guys like even
back then twenty years ago they're
saying these guys are on the scene and
they just say the most terrible [ __ ]
[ __ ] they say like you know they're just
no-holds-barred like they just [ __ ]
they're just way the two extra their way
to extra with all the [ __ ] negativity
that they come with they were saying
that back then and it's like now we're
here I mean like again like I'm sort of
trying to I'm trying I'm sort of trying
to well it's like you said the not
Fletcher months and that's audio
dunning-kruger dunning-kruger where it's
like these guys they don't have any
[ __ ] knowledge but they have all this
[ __ ] [ __ ] there at that that that
that peak of hopelessness or whatever
they learn area yeah yeah like it's all
guys who were just there and I'm not
saying that every single single single
one is all there like like Anthony
Fantan oh I don't think he's there I
think he's past that I don't know where
he falls past that but I believe Santana
was past that sure but I mean Fanta
knows somebody that hasn't done music or
knows any underlying music theory or
anything like that either right well no
yeah but it's um you know it's well
here's the thing he listens to a lot and
that gives him that gives them a certain
amount of perspective I like I agree
that's and that's great that's all
that's that would be my only argument
that there are ways to learn things
without necessarily having to do them
and that a lot of critics and coaches
that I'm specializing I just think doing
is a great way of learning like doing
like this for sure yeah just trying just
just trying to [ __ ] like like let's
see Anthony Fantana make a mixtape it's
not you know like like well I know what
if he made a mixtape and the mixtape
suck though
did do people take it'd be funny yeah
well but but people would take as
criticisms less seriously right yeah I
mean like I don't like dude I don't put
a whole whole lot of weight into Anthony
fantana's criticism as it is I'm not
saying that he's like a bad guy I'm just
saying like you know it's how do I put
this
Anthony Fantana isn't alright I guess
we're getting on him a lot but it's like
dude like there's so many dudes who are
just so so [ __ ] like [ __ ] this this
is [ __ ] it's [ __ ] it's [ __ ] it's [ __ ]
those are the people I attack I don't
[ __ ] like I'm not going after the fan
tano's I'm not going after the the Chris
Tubman's I'm not going after you know
sort of neutral guys like that I'm going
after the guys who were just like
[ __ ] always [ __ ] negative and
everything [ __ ] and it's [ __ ] and [ __ ]
like I hate that [ __ ] it's so [ __ ]
depressing and it's like dude when I was
like 17 yeah I was like that but I
[ __ ] grew up and it's like I mean I
totally I understand what you're saying
100% I I agree with you there just seems
weird then to focus your critique at
people that don't have a background of
doing things or maybe these were the
people you were targeting but you kind
of like your scope was a little wider
than maybe you want to yeah well you got
to keep in mind like that like that
little video clip you came up with or
whatever like that's that's like a
little segment into a whole journey that
I've been going over with you know my
corner of a couple thousand people you
know like so but maybe I don't know if
the phrase is like taken out of context
or what every time somebody says taken
out of context they end up like racist
or something but you know I mean I feel
like I think I've watched your entire
video I think that was a relatively
short video on well it was the one radio
clip but it's like I've been I've been
talking about or I'm calm I'm done
certain interviews where I call myself
the five-star general of the anti video
essay movement or it's just like I don't
know it's it's it's just it just piles
up and piles up it piles up and it's
like like I used to make you know video
essay movie reviews I used to do all
this [ __ ] and I got to a point where
it's like like I didn't I didn't set out
to be the guy talking about people I set
out to be the guy who people talk about
that's what I set out to do and so it's
like you know we got to make it like it
don't exist who said that what who the
[ __ ] said that
whatever
I forgot who said that quote okay oh no
it was fly union that's you said that
okay anyway sorry alright what else um I
mean I guess that's with the big things
I mean as long as we both acknowledge
that like people can be a decent review
or critique er without necessarily
having to have had a ton of first-hand
experience in doing something I mean
that was kind of the big point that I
was focused on I was like like getting
back to skip bail everyone gets on this
dude cuz uh he always talks about
basketball he's like LeBron James is bad
blah blah blah and he averaged one point
four points in high school and he never
played college he never played
professionally people always get on him
for that but oh I guess this is the
problem the problem is like these guys
will talk so much [ __ ] and they're not
even like they're not they don't like
have they're not good at public speaking
they always do this [ __ ] where it's like
talking to the microphone edit talk on
the microphone edit talk in the
microphone and it's like you can being
like a live commentator like that's a
skill and and I think I said that in
that video like or maybe it was later in
that stream because that was just a
snippet of the whole radio show I was
like dude that can be a [ __ ] skill if
a dude can sit up on a chair and be
funny and live off the cuff and you can
talk about this [ __ ] and he'll just be
fatalistic about movies whatever like
like that's that's at that point you're
a showman at that point you're your own
creator and it's like whether you
realize it or not like like Howard Stern
you want you watch Howard Stern yeah I
have in the past channel okay so so
Stern is like you know Stern is he's
been hella fatalistic he's been
absolutist all this stuff about you know
just oh I hate Adam Sandler movies I
hated this Star Wars movie whatever
whatever but he was funny while he did
it and and he was doing it live and
there's a whole skill to that and it was
able to manage yet other people come in
and have them talk and he'd he'd or
orchestrate fights and all this stuff
but at that point the main crux isn't
his opinion the main crux is how he
delivers his opinion and none of these
guys feel like they're like entertaining
at delivering opinions none of them
really feel that way they don't they
don't have the bite of a Howard Stern a
Skip Bayless a Steve and a Smith you
know oh god who else of a calling tower
that's another sports guy whatever I
watched a lot of sports talk radio
but it's like it's just it's like dude
like I don't know be good and the other
annoying part is a lot of the film
credit guys like they're like I'm gonna
be a filmmaker but they don't they don't
spend time learning like like I said
gripping you're like what's that and so
you asked and so you learn now you know
what gripping is why don't what the [ __ ]
ripping is I'm gonna be real a lot of
these guys never [ __ ] heard that term
because the you know the all they have
is like a DSLR and a tripod and some
photography stands and they're like oh
well I guess this is gonna happen but
like again they're spending all their
time reviewing movies instead of set of
making movies and so you know and
there's people who have no intention of
ever making movies like I think Chris
Stockman is one of those is he do you
know who that is
am i insane yeah but okay he's he's the
big like he's the big YouTube movie you
Regatta view guy I think like he goes on
camera he has his little Nintendo he has
his Animal Crossing plushies and he has
a dead person in the background all this
[ __ ] and so you know but you know if a
dude stays in his lane that's fine and
mostly I guess the the big crux of it is
dude stay in your lane like staying it
don't don't be like oh I'm all these
guys suck I'm gonna be a filmmaker and
then like don't learn any of the steps
to becoming a filmmaker and I've again
if there's people who [ __ ] with my
[ __ ] in the past who are listening to
you right now I'm sounding like I'm
repeating myself I've been saying this
for years now
and it's um you know it's it's just work
like I need to we got to uplift the
people you know okay all right okay play
Starcraft um well you see but today I do
random games and then mainly politics is
what I'm known for so yeah I played
Starcraft one I played that in high
school
I played in the computer graphics class
and I pissed off some kid because I did
some I found some glitch and I just kept
doing it and this kid ran up and he was
yelling at me and he got everybody in
trouble for playing Starcraft that was
cool damn that's a while go how old are
you 30 years old now man that sucks I'm
24
dude every birthday I want to kill
myself it's ridiculous but anyway you
talk about Paul what are the other
hot-button issues in politics right now
let's talk there's so many and it's not
oh I'm trying to start my own religion
why
because it's like okay so um like are
you are you are you an atheist um yeah
kind of or agnostic I guess okay so my
I'm pretty much an atheist too and so
like usually the thing with atheism is
like oh I'm gonna be how do I put this
like there is no God you know they just
sit there and so I'm like let's let's
take the concept of God let's take the
concept of I'm gonna model my life after
this and let's put it to [ __ ] that's
real so I'm trying to make the aguilera
and religion because I [ __ ] hell of
[ __ ] with Christina Aguilera I think hit
Kristi Aguilera is the coolest [ __ ]
pop star ever and so I got all this [ __ ]
I'm drawing all these relate basically
the crux of my Aguilera and religion
that I've just made up last year I've
been doing this for like two years it's
funny as hell I love it but um the crux
of it is that 19 year old Christina
Aguilera was the second coming of Jesus
Christ because she had one of the
greatest workloads of any pop star and
it all happened in the year 2000
two thousand years after exactly 2000
years after the birth of Christ and so
I'm like dude she's the second coming to
Jesus Christ
you know Father Son the Holy Spirit I
say the image that reflects you know
like it's just it's just cool [ __ ]
alright check this out so you so you're
like a history guy you're a politics guy
all this stuff check this out name how
many people can you name in history who
have been racially rida pick today or
stories or whatever
let's count em all I mean like a ton of
black actresses have had to not like
black musicians like I've had to undergo
like the whitewashing thing I give a
like Beyonce you know like straighten
your hair be conform to white beauty
skin no no no no no I know I mean like
straight up like like I'll give you I'll
give you the first example like Jesus
was Arab but they made him white oh um I
mean historically Jesus was [ __ ] I don't
know I'm sure they're more but I can't
think of other types of figures like
that jeez it's like certain certain
pharaohs you know like the great like
all that stuff and some people say
Beethoven but I don't know about that
I'm not gonna I'm not gonna agree or
disagree with that okay but but Oh
Egyptian is I usually cast as being like
completely 100% all white or whatever
it's pretty common yeah yeah like that
and so and so Christina Aguilera is in
very rare company because she is the
only pop star to be fully racially ree
depicted which i think is [ __ ] cool as
[ __ ] let me give you the story so she's
so she's a white girl born in Staten
Island right bore nest
an island she grew up in Pittsburgh
total white girl like whatever like she
has that last name because she's half
Ecuadorian right but dude this is so
cool I love [ __ ] like this so so she
gets signed by RCA and she's born blonde
hair blue eyes RCA gets her they dye her
hair blonder and give her blue contacts
right so it's Ansan Sumerian [ __ ] so
they get her out there they get her out
there all this stuff and then they
actually the label trying to get her to
change her last name because they didn't
want anyone to think that she had any
Hispanic origin whatsoever they wanted
everyone to think that this was a white
girl and so and so then the Latin music
market is blowing up right you know like
Ricky Martin
you know livin la vida loca like all
that stuff was getting huge huge huge
and so RCA instead of trying to develop
a new artist what they were trying to do
was they look down like oh who can we
get because we don't a blo millions of
dollars on A&R so they see they go down
the list
Aguilar oh we have one of those so what
they did was they died they put darker
hair extensions in her hair they took
out the blue contacts gave her brown
hair brown eye contacts they can't they
spray tan her darker and they taught her
to speak with the Spanish accent and
they marketed her with a Spanish album
she doesn't speak a lick of Spanish they
had her phonetically sing all of it they
marketed her to Latin America as Spanish
Christina Aguilera that [ __ ] blows my
[ __ ] him in it worked and it [ __ ]
worked Latin America [ __ ] with
Christina Aguilera is so much because of
that that [ __ ] is so ill that is so
[ __ ] cool and um you know but it's
just like cool a stories like that like
who has things in music marketing like I
love marketing I love commercialism
I love researching it I love [ __ ] like
like are you into that stuff yeah I mean
I'm interested I don't know at the same
level as you are but no no one's into
this as much as I know dude and like
people think I'm crazy but it's like
dude I don't think she's like mystical I
don't think she's magical I just think
she's cool as [ __ ] and she [ __ ]
worked hard and that's baller as [ __ ]
that is so cool I love it I love it I
love it I love it I mean even her name
Christina Christ is in the name dude
yeah well that's what I said we call
Jesus Christ in Aguilera and I say oh my
radio show it like if you go saw the
clips I've had like a million things
where
I was like I'm like preaching the
Aguilera in faith and all this [ __ ] I
just think it's cool and um you know
Xtina all that [ __ ] you don't start into
religions you ain't doing that no I'm
gonna lose someone you might who is
someone you admire who's a famous person
you admire I don't know I don't do that
much but you don't admire anyone like
who do you look up to nobody I'm a
pretty independent person but I mean I
don't know oh there's a guy named Sean
Carroll I really like him
he's my idol right now there you go Sean
Carroll hey Sean Carroll he's like a
yeah okay well cool but yeah okay I'm
doing some no [ __ ] it's not the 90s get
the mixtape hell yeah we're going in all
right well I thank you for your platform
I thank you for your time maybe we could
do this later cuz I got a sellable I do
people think I'm crazy and I love it
yeah I can't yeah I can see why people
get that impression
discord use disco right oh [ __ ] you're
using Skype here's why here's why
yeah and I how many people are listening
live I think I probably have 5,000 right
now okay good thank you thank you thank
you because I need to get this out there
and hopefully this court fixes this cuz
then I'd probably use discord more every
time it might be my interface every time
I try to connect to a voice chat on
discord what happens every time is it it
says o cannot connect to voice Channel
blah blah blah and it says to either
open ports or get a new audio interface
and that happens every time and I
haven't been able to get in a discord
call for two years so that's why I'm on
skype and and the reality is is that
like old business guys like like do you
have to deal with clients a lot or are
you sort of like there and unfortunately
a lot of them still use [ __ ] escapes
I mean like I'm good with it like dude
like I want to talk millionaires are on
skype I want to be on skype if
millionaires get on discord I'm gonna be
on disco I got to go with the money
takes me cuz again like I'm not I'm not
a youtuber I'm not trying to get Adsense
I'm not trying to get any of this but
it's um you know like I'm just trying to
I'm just trying to be work for hire I'm
trying to do audio for people I'm trying
to write for people like that's that's
what I want to do like I'm you know I
guess blue a blue collar entertainment
ya know but uh what's the O Facebook
call that could have been the big thing
but you need to have Facebook to have it
so that kind of sucks you should
you tried disk on in the future tried
downloading the program don't use the
web browser or whatever no but I got you
gotta understand like if the free
sampling doing it for me why am I gonna
buy the whole roll you know cuz the
Skype is notoriously a [ __ ] program
discord well new skype new skypes pretty
bad but I'm on Windows 7 I have old
Skype and it's all the audio codecs are
just real [ __ ] and the security is kind
of but I mean there's no in my
experience I've yet to find any audio
program that like sounds like like as
good as a recording like like I tried
discs or I tried all I don't know okay
this cord is real close discord is
pretty good but do you work an audio I
mean I have a decent amount of audio
experience sure alright I don't have
like a job in audio but I understand
like the encoding process and in the
recording process and all that
alright well hey if anybody listening
wants to [ __ ] learn some [ __ ] if you
want to learn some [ __ ] if you want to
better yourself if you want to [ __ ]
get on some [ __ ] you get my workshops 80
bucks a session or not 80 bucks 80 bucks
a session unlimited follow-ups and I
teach audio I teach screenwriting I
teach voice direction I teach voiceover
I teach all this stuff and you can hit
me on my Twitter
SBN 3 thank you for your time
cool thanks for talking buddy thank you
for the platform yeah
[Music]
