I fix the house if he'd blog on what do
you mean fixed it it's blue you got rid
of your mining job so the [ __ ]
pillagers don't come in cuc us I need to
finish the roof oh wait why did you
change it a stone so the because the
pillagers will come in like light it on
fire some [ __ ] someone sciences what a
[ __ ] no life right what are you doing
fixing the house so
yeah okay it looks like who are you okay
okay any art majors in the chat I don't
really think you guys are oh wait no
sorry any teachers in the chat I don't
really think you guys are leaders now an
art major
that's a [ __ ] leader baby to him okay
keep talking cuz welcome to my discord
messages play it's gonna [ __ ] kill me
little players yestiny should go pick
his kid up from preschool uh-huh yeah
wait he can't he can't Candide and he's
banned cuz it see the kid touch a man in
a van wait did we find out why Robbie's
gonna so [ __ ] emo was he being emo
about he's like I'm sorry some days I
just have bad dreams or something really
that was a good stream yeah cuz I made
it good cuz I brought my a-game for that
one you did I'm coming back hard I'm
coming back la see with a vengeance yeah
you're the [ __ ] squad W Stevie now
that's what we've been waiting on happy
big Friday because it's [ __ ] Friday
yeah trains like my man happy be happy
big Friday because it's [ __ ] Friday
yeah
happy big Friday me no no I don't know
what the [ __ ] this is
I don't know look at the screen oh it's
on I think it's cute probably I'll kill
it so [ __ ] adorable
alright who candy oh no Annie's a person
of color watch out boys different than
what I normally do it's a bit YouTube
century
and I know a lot of you don't really
keep up with all of that stuff so just
kind of bear with me we'll get back on
track for the next video but there's
been this conversation going on for the
past few months or so maybe even longer
but it's definitely picked up more
recently and in fact I'm pretty late to
the party with this video as I usually
am people have been talking about this
thing called left tube which is kind of
a nebulous term that means different
things to different people but it
basically refers to a loosely related
group of youtubers who either lately or
specifically make content specifically
about or at least informed by left-wing
politics and I know that's kind of an
ambiguous definition but you know that's
kind of part of the problem you may have
also heard the term bread tube which is
definitely funnier at least and I think
the term bread tube predates the term
left tube I could be wrong about that
correct me if I'm wrong but it's you
know it's been on Reddit for a while now
and I think that most people use the
term bread tube and the term left tube
interchangeably but there are people who
want to say that bread tube should only
apply to specifically leftist content by
which I mean channels that are mostly
informed by a communist and/or anarchist
content as the term bread tube itself is
a reference to the book the conquest of
bread by anarchist philosopher Peter
Kropotkin but there's also a whole thing
about that which I'll get into in a
minute so my channel this channel t1j is
often referred to as a Left Tube channel
in fact I was just interviewed for an
article in The New Republic about left
tube but full disclosure the more I hear
people talking about left tube and bread
tube the more I'm starting to hate those
terms
hi I'm t1 Jamie so those of you that
have been following me for a long time
have probably noticed a pretty
unmistakable evolution in the way that I
express my ideas both on this channel
and on social media I've talked about
this in several videos but I've always
considered myself a progressive person
I've always been in favor of social
justice ways Dan here
yeah if I want to do ID you know the one
the 147 C letter is it's like the ein
verification [ __ ] yeah what about it
I have to pay $80 for that [ __ ] for
though for it to get mailed to me that's
right are my getting scammed wait you
should have got that we said I don't
know where that [ __ ] is Dan I got that
[ __ ] check your email the email to you
are you sure because I'm requested on
the government site and it's saying yeah
hold on I feel like it was something
that was actually like mailed to me Oh
finally have the 147 seen in the mill
I've attached a photo of it Oh oh my god
I have a photo of it in my email that I
used to set up my payroll last time I'm
so smart okay that was like you holy
[ __ ]
oh wait I should have this letter
somewhere hold on I'm sorry guys once I
got these done sorry dumbasses if you
thought he was sorry you're dumb type
one of your dumb
oh hey reminder you can get a free
hundred and twenty-five dollars if you
live in the United States in the mail
because of the Equifax [ __ ] someone link
it in the chat for people who don't
[ __ ] know we need to hold these
companies accountable these kids aren't
old enough to have a [ __ ] credit
score does it matter if anyone can get
it I think you have to be anybody can
get it know the people the reason you
get it is because we're like a breach of
trust what about if I don't want the
hundred twenty-five what if I want to go
beyond then if you got exposed you can
get up to twenty thousand I think whoa
really thanks am a reminder if you take
this I don't think you can sue them [ __ ]
that dude I'm waiting on that the 20 G's
wait oh my god did I give him I write
for individual litigation by finally
that class action yeah I wanted to take
Equifax to court where's Apple is that
we were gonna that make that our big
case you guys are gonna take it it's
gonna be a landmark is your other case
officially dead at this point
hell yeah I got my money back for that
[ __ ] everything the only refund me like
three K to so I paid a two thousand
dollars in retainer for [ __ ] nothing
what that was a [ __ ] what the [ __ ]
[Music]
actually suing you after all I know yeah
no fun legal memes dude he was I was
confident he was definitely doing it
because I knew that he wouldn't lie so I
don't know it must just be Boston I mean
being sarcastic huh
wait what was Jeff's were you before
Jeff was gonna sue destiny yes he was
gonna send Eve like fifty thousand
dollars or some [ __ ] wow thanks anima
Messer I just wanted to tell you thank
you because you changed my view on
polities not a man of his word
Jamis probably show up in court
that would have been the good [ __ ] in
what you golden apples to again
you know you just faster Oh gives you
extra health yeah but I'll be making
those are hella expensive you know
enchanted golden apples are really
expensive
Dunham's notable is she might just
whatsoever my starting to do that thank
you you can do that [ __ ] you I don't
know the [ __ ] her name you're in her
dreams right now asked you know I'm not
actually I'm yeah you probably are so
you have a sex addiction okay I worry
you know more questing for a while
thanks capsule apparently taking $105
doesn't forfeit your right to take
action against Equifax really usually
the whole point behind a class-action
lawsuit is that by jumping out on that
class suit you usually lose the chance
to take action and an individual level
yeah okay I'm just gonna take the money
oh I gotta fill out forms and [ __ ] no do
for you [ __ ] easy and it's literally
like a three-minute fun when do you get
the shekels in the mail someone said 20
23 I don't know if that's true that 20 I
don't know someone little WD and said 20
it's a year ok listen that's not 100
well maybe not my information in here
it's like is your credit card [ __ ] so
it's not right right here to find out it
is 20 23 at the earliest well disarm it
I'm gonna get it I got a [ __ ] deal
for you mr. Minton now you have mine to
your address for $50 now no what you
mean no that's an amazing deal
no wait what's an amazing deal I'll let
him clean mine right now send it to his
house for $50 right
don't he's gonna make it pay taxes on
that money my friend oh let him do it
I'm not gonna do it yeah I was supposed
to be paid cash but instead I gotta
[ __ ] oh my god Dan you should tell
mr. moon that he could do that but you
file yours first so that when mr. miner
files and it's like a literal [ __ ]
federal perjury holy [ __ ] the settlement
will not send out any benefits to the
way to do so by the court which will be
January 23rd 2023 earliest yeah that
sounds like whatever happened to the
Mount [ __ ] didn't you email them or
some [ __ ] yeah dude you're supposed to
get money like I don't know what's going
on like but not as much as you want I
mean less Bitcoin goes down in price
then you make Mount
GOx reddit there's like a subreddit that
follows yeah you actually have a claim
in yeah and they actually found what
like I have lips were like two bitcoins
and everything yeah but the meme is that
I think they're probably just gonna give
you the cash equivalent at the time or
some [ __ ] I don't know how they
would determine that but no yeah I mean
that's all they can do I think legally
and what's crazy is this guy is gonna be
a billionaire as a result of it the Mike
Mark car polish or whatever the guy who
owned it that's so well I don't know in
terms of legally I don't know how that
normally works like if you owe somebody
in another currency well but I don't
know if Bitcoin is treated as a currency
so I'm not even sure yeah it's [ __ ]
but like essentially once all the debts
are paid the rest goes to the owner of
the business so like he's gonna pay all
the debts and then literally be a
[ __ ] billing in our literally billion
not like millions of dollars but I'm
pretty sure literally billionaire yeah
that's [ __ ] nuts
mr. man think Oh
selling out GOx claim that's super
interesting fortress is offering 50% of
the claims oh that's crazy interesting
in the letter they said they were
longtime investors willing to buy the
claim at nine hundred dollars per
Bitcoin claim or roughly two hundred
percent of the bank
oh so the bank receipt adaptive value is
$401 so then I'll say to even pay me is
nine hundred bucks
[ __ ] that's so [ __ ] [ __ ] god dammit
yeah it sucks dude how much would you
have had you'd like three good two so
that's like 20 grand or yeah they
actually give me if they gave me back
Bitcoin you know just be a free cool
energy macro Dan oh yeah mr. moon if you
were a billionaire tomorrow you woke up
you had let's say five billion what
would you do moving forward
tell me this steps you know one month in
six months in a year like what are you
thinking how's your life gonna be
different
um I know it's like a tough question let
me think a little bit sir
wait a few Davey what what was the
question if you million dollars tomorrow
a million or a billion a billion what
would you do
billion dollars I mean it's a hard
question like this [ __ ] answer everyone
good Oh like I'd buy a [ __ ] sick ass
house not travel I'll be like okay then
what the bill oh no no no no hell no
billion dollars okay so step one is
securing a place to live
figure out if I want to live in Austin
or if I wanna live in California and
then buy like a sick [ __ ] place not
like the huge ease house but I don't
like a sick place so we they're like a
[ __ ] like a California be like in the
hills or something
I don't know if I'm actually driving out
there's a [ __ ] nightmare I think I
want like a good penthouse like
something like top floor of some
sick-ass place like that one guy where
he lives in line I like the upside did
you watch that movie yeah
no I didn't dude if you're a billionaire
you don't drive anymore you ride in a
helicopter
well no because step two is I wouldn't I
would want to drive but I'd get bit a
sick-ass [ __ ] car exactly I want some
real sick poker players
no not the old sick I want some new
awesome ships a new better than the
audience parties what where's the
priority okay step one for you literally
okay let me find the second
are you doing other things before okay
the absolute step the absolute step one
what are these things what the [ __ ] the
absolute step one would be like fifty
two hundred million or some [ __ ] and
some sort of a retirement account
something that um it's not something
that's gonna generate enough money
believe that I feel like I would do like
I don't know I guess like half I don't
know why but honest to god like I think
if somebody were to give you like ten
million dollars I think you could blow
it and in a pretty surprisingly quick
amount of time I don't know if you could
blow watch it happen daily enough yeah
but I don't know if you could blow a
billion dollars that's an ungodly amount
of money like at that point you just
like gone pretty much like everything
you could never really realize or
whatever yeah like a billion dollars is
a lot of [ __ ] money to lose unless
feel like buying like Airlines or some
[ __ ] like what I'm sorry like if you
lived if you lived for 70 years and uh
365 days here so if you had about 25,000
days left one two three one two three
25,550 days left
that's about forty thousand dollars a
day that you could spend that's like
[ __ ] insane yeah how much I'm sorry
that's forty five forty thousand dollars
a day for 70 years or whatever assuming
you live for 70 more years so I'm thirty
so realistically we say I live fifty
more years times 365 well less if I get
a super car but we'll say that I'm 30
and I'm gonna live for 50 more years
times 365 is 18,000 days and that's
crazy because that's just assuming you
don't put any part of that in any sort
of investment because you could be
making well over 50k a day yeah so then
that so that'd be I would have fifty
five thousand dollars that I could spend
every day and yeah and that's earning no
more money at all yeah
or if the what happens oh I think we
watch this we're not doing this debate
again guys feel like if I had a billion
dollars and the only thing different I
would do is like move to like I don't
know where all the [ __ ] cool
streamers are and just like start like
hanging out and stream still put my
money in like an investment account I
guess
maybe if I can donate some [ __ ] I don't
know go to Africa I would buy Africa
exemplar is it's my understanding of it
yeah what else would we buy so sick ass
[ __ ] car holy [ __ ] I want some stars
and then a cool house to live fiber
internet for sure Brian your own fibre
[ __ ] the sickest [ __ ] computer and
[ __ ] although I already kind of already
do that I guess what's the first car
would get I think I would I think I
would just get an Aussie alright cuz I
just want one really badly you could
create like a sick-ass compound like you
could just have everything like what
that amount of money you could create
like a race track that you could just
run on available drivin yeah that's true
but I like to have to be known but I
don't know have you driven an Audi you
know I haven't check it out I haven't
driven but I hear that their [ __ ]
stick you could buy on all right now I
feel real incredible driving around a
home aquarium well there's no one
insurance for you get a nice house a
nice internet computer cars then oh the
sickest ar-15 in the world it would be
like a 10,000 dollar ar-15 it would be
the sickest I'd have the sickest [ __ ]
the sickest hallo scopes oh my god the
most tactical suckin mags an attachment
I'd have the sickest rail systems holy
[ __ ]
okay sorry what what else I know after
all the material [ __ ] like you and I get
bored with like streaming and like
hanging out with people maybe like I
don't know if I can go to India and get
spiritual enlightenment dan I don't know
I don't know there's like once you have
Bill Gates is like giving away half of
money already or pledged to I think it
would be cool to find like find one
problem or one area that you think that
you could actually have if you had that
much money that you could fix I think
that would be really cool like I mean I
real talk thing about those first I
can't even you just wake up right now
you have billions of dollars mm-hmm you
know you're gonna move somewhere I have
a nice house have nice cars but what is
your life gonna look like in a month oh
my day today would be more or less the
same I think I don't think I we do the
same [ __ ] you do right now yeah I really
like spearmint yeah yeah mine would be
the same there just wouldn't be like
money monetary stress over
we get a lot more League screams baby
you could just turn off subs with that
one I wouldn't make a massive lake that
was filled with saltwater so I could
like swim with dolphins daily that would
be sick they mean the world first race
is going is limited headstone like a
little bit okay do you know anything
about no word VPN I'm supposed to
response affirm I keep putting it off
don't buy them until I give you a
discount code well okay yeah
realistically in terms of like the
security of VPN could provide you if I
meant like a McDonald's and all my pages
are encrypted like HTTP or whatever is a
VPN actually providing you some other
level of encryption like well I think
there's some [ __ ] that's unencrypted I'd
have to check it I think like maybe DNS
and there's probably a few other things
that are not gonna be encrypted on I
mean but really what you're doing is
you're transferring the burden of trust
from McDonald's and that route to the
provider to instead wait wait wait
that's not true though is it of course
it's true like if I met McDonald's your
connection between yourself in Nord bpn
will be encrypted
the connection between Nord VPN and the
target site is gonna have to be readable
so they I thought the encryption I
thought there was encryption if you're
using HTTPS I thought there was
encryption between you and the Dominos
there is but that's not for everything
that will be for [ __ ] someone else can
better answer this but that like there's
a lot of [ __ ] on your computer probably
doesn't do in cryptid connections not
all web sites are completely encrypted I
think some web sockets and [ __ ] all
right okay I said DNS is everything yeah
yeah he said Dan is right so not not
everything is encrypted a lot it I kind
of understand like if you're talking
about like if I want to log into discord
or some [ __ ] like that if like something
like that isn't encrypted then
theoretically somebody's sniffing
packets could like dig that information
out or it ever I just wasn't sure of
like most like day-to-day stuff would be
a lot of websites are encrypted
but a lot of them actually aren't still
it's possible just to not do it
are there any sites that don't use HTTPS
like hoop like what's like a big site
that doesn't I feel like almost our site
today every day yeah he'll let you log
into my [ __ ] unencrypted I'm gonna play
really every day carry well not on every
day carry about like my face on my face
pens and [ __ ] like that
destiny did you we should have assert
for that [ __ ] don't we yeah [ __ ] off
HTTP is not encryption I thought that if
you had it I thought if the connection
was HTTP I thought that meant that it
was necessarily encrypted is that not
true
I think that is true but I know there's
a way that there's like different levels
of encryption and like you can kind of
know I don't know how a browser would
know yeah I think it has to be encrypted
yeah if it's HTTPS what are these bird
things just annoying [ __ ] but anyways
the important thing to know about a VPN
is your [ __ ] doesn't like all getting
cryptid like it leaves [ __ ] Nord VPN
server unencrypted to where it's going
if that was gonna be unencrypted so
you're you're transferring the trust to
a certain extent to them you have to
trust them a little bit because now
they're basically man-in-the-middle Inc
all of your [ __ ] yeah I'm not saying
they yeah wait where's players I want
sponsorships you know I've got
everything so how long phone
Howard DNS attacks so easy our TBA this
seems like if that vector was so
vulnerable why wouldn't everybody just
[ __ ] DNS hacker DNS it's called like
what DNS poisoning or whatever or does
that have to be done at literally like
your access point like the router itself
would have to be compromised or
something dirty out but not a lot of
people use it I don't know it's [ __ ]
dude there's so much that you have you
ever had a really shitty ISP and it's
like you typed in the wrong address and
it's like they they intercept the
[ __ ] pages and like give you ads and
[ __ ] like that
yeah like that's this [ __ ] we're talking
about that you can do on the ISP level
on the ISP level yeah [ __ ] some guy
wrote a really funny thing about how he
would own he had like a public router
assumption he would poison DNS is to do
like really weird [ __ ] like he can make
like all like he could [ __ ] with this I
think he could even [ __ ] with like CSS
and pages to make like a whole site
appear like upside down or some [ __ ]
does any know what I'm talking about am
I crazy does anybody know what our TV I
might have remember this this is an old
[ __ ] meme it's like a decade old meme
or some [ __ ]
do they still have the the wall of sheep
at DEFCON does anyone know what is that
I mean they had this thing when I went
the last time I went to DEFCON and it's
basically like a giant wall not a wall
but like a like its projected onto a
wall like of usernames and passwords in
the protocol that they did but I almost
don't wonder how it would work today
like how the [ __ ] is that gonna happen
Oh probably ARP cache poisoning maybe
that might be out sorry I'm okay so what
this so then I'm actually this is like a
legitimate thing to promote them does
the VPN thing right it's not like just
me wait really we want to get rid of all
the would you want some well I thought
it looked really good with all you guys
all the floors don't know the floor was
gonna say the same I just like to vary
it a little like having some also these
aren't real fences you know that right
just know those are metal uh those are
yeah okay it looks good it looks good
but like thinks they still jump over it
I think having a wood floor for this is
okay
that's one good oh do we have enough
bookcases yet no we have a lot of
[ __ ] paper
oh yeah but we need leather I've been
feeding him we're close
okay I'll be back one second
why just curious Danika
if it's gonna be TFT or not I can't wait
for [ __ ] Wow to come out while I'm in
camp holy [ __ ]
I saved you Steve by the way come on
what happened what the [ __ ] tapered push
you outside you're gonna attack by the
[ __ ] airplane guys ye but what the
[ __ ] you were in my way I was trying to
put in chanting okay sit down why don't
you guys put it on the [ __ ] table
hmm cuz we gotta set up the cookies
first and I'm pretty sure we need more
room in that room no [ __ ] off it's
perfect I don't think so for the amount
of its enchantment who is how where's
the enchanting naval aide who's holding
on to it what the [ __ ] oh it's it's in
the farming box as it should be umm if I
play this season I'll be in this year's
Madden I was in 2017 MN is that exciting
hmm I mean a good baby yeah I got paid
how much you could paint that 17 grand
really her player gets 17 grand cooped
up in pathetic
what if you don't want to make sure you
get paid Dan for the bigger sports
players get more money or is it all
communist feature I think if they're
like featured in the commercials for I
think they'll get paid more obviously
but I don't know
wait where the [ __ ] is the diamond
pickaxe I thought we had one I made one
where is it
find you
okay I'm just gonna say yeah yeah or did
you do you have a fortune and chant come
up and check how do I tell again just
put any pickaxe in the thing I've got a
paper and efficiency for so I'll enchant
in and go for the bonus unless you have
the fortune three and check favor when
you do make it the NFL because I could
open you and breaking you've got what
efficiency and I'm breaking how do you
have both what is the level 30
enchantment oh the level 30 was
efficiency okay or unbreaking 3 serella
Jesus cry you're a wreck your mess right
now mr. moon we have like a family
friend of ours his nephew is the number
around number one overall pick in 1990
and so he invested all of his money and
he's like one of the top investors like
in Indianapolis so I'm gonna stop you
right there I said how are we gonna
invest gentlemen well you were the one I
was gonna counsel so you [ __ ] tell me
how you would suggest we're supposed to
be 15 for this to have the most amount
of power I'm just letting you guys know
I'm gonna I'm gonna suggest for you to
move to San Francisco join the 49ers
that's a football team there anyways
you're gonna join them and guess what
paper we're gonna evict someone and
you're gonna make a half million because
I'm doing it you ready
my my girlfriend we have a condo and so
whenever we move to whatever team I
finally end up playing for we're gonna
rent that out so we will be do we have
any more diamonds or no landlords we
will be landlords yes [ __ ] welcome my
friend I now do just free shuckles
coming in every month and you don't have
to do anything for it a little bit on
the side of the fridge breaks and then
you know what the best business is to
get into are the ones that people talk
about saying they should be like a free
thing provided everyone enough right
care health care selling water all these
things medic medicine [ __ ] me dude
that's the businesses you want to get in
the [ __ ] and more they [ __ ] and moan
the more profit there is to be made ye
boy
wait what I would be worried about like
if somebody steps in and starts like
like a Burnie or somebody were to get in
if the Congress were to manage to start
putting some price controls on that you
get makeup clock you're investing in
those businesses oh good thing Bernie's
never gonna happen we don't have to
worry about yeah but even somebody like
Warren Warren's not gonna happen either
I don't know about that what do you put
the odds at we can make some bets right
now I already know who's gonna be the
Democratic nominee I think you know as
well our men I think it's between a hair
well will me I'll know more after the
next debates won't put it that way
right now it's a toss-up between like I
think it's a toss-up between Harris
Warren and Biden I think it's through
with Biden being a pretty clear
front-runner like a favorite right now
to take it I feel like you said this way
like a couple months ago but do you
still feel that if Biden gets nominated
the Trump's will get a second term just
saying I think that technically Biden is
pulling the most favorably against Trump
versus any other candidate so I'm not
sure
we need more Sauk Dems values all right
good job
sucked in no there was only efficiencies
3 what am i doing why did I have a
different chant for this shut the [ __ ]
out then wait wait a min ago you logged
out
did you like I've discard nice ok easy
equine realist what does that mean
exactly
yeah I know
equine is porous but I'm just trying to
say it out loud because I don't
understand that vitamins do I take it's
such a long list
destiny gets triggered when I talk about
my vitamin to want to get triggered talk
about whatever you want baby girl well
you get triggered you say that vitamins
don't do anything I think multivitamins
do anything I think like omega-3 stuff
and they're there been a couple specific
ones that I think do but I don't think
like taking a multivitamin or at least
that wasn't when I read last night
you don't think burning has a real
chance um I don't think he does I think
Bernie I think I think I don't think so
I think he had like a big boost when it
was just him and Clinton but I think
there are better candidates know that
more progressives were like and I think
like Bernie is riding off a lot of like
big name recognition from the last run
that he did but um I think he's only
gonna fall in the polls ding ding ding
oh my god Luna comes to the center of
the Ring what a good WWE match she said
that Bernie wasn't gonna win I just made
a jump that Luna was gonna come in here
and [ __ ] cook you
what the [ __ ] is a grindstone then make
a weapon more effective I have new
things there might be a new thing see
those lanterns I made I didn't know you
can make lanterns those are pretty sick
it turns and chant meant sin to
experience what oh that's probably gives
you like a little bit of it but then
having to mine for three more hours
Steve have you ever had surgery before
where they put you out no [ __ ] [ __ ]
crazy dude why just waking up and coming
to know so it's [ __ ] I almost want to
like have a surgery just to have that
experience again like I was so afraid of
it and it's so [ __ ] amazing once you
do it
why how it's it's just [ __ ] it's
time-traveling it's literally
time-traveling yeah every single night
when you laid on a boat of studies I
can't explain it but it's [ __ ]
different it's way more amazing than
when you okay it's like super [ __ ]
weird I like is you like no experience
you
it's not the [ __ ] drugs it's the idea
of like they put you to put you out and
then [ __ ] the next instant like you
blink your eye you don't feel like you
want to sleep there's nothing it's just
you [ __ ] blink your eye and it's like
oh it's [ __ ] five hours later in your
a new place that's [ __ ] freaky
it's probably the the crazy part is
probably more so the idea that you wake
up in a different spot that'd be my
guess
like today of stuff is obviously changed
ways when you go to sleep at night that
doesn't seem to be the case right I
guess it was a different feeling when I
woke up from my wisdom teeth surgery
like way back I kept in at a high school
that was just yeah that was really weird
cuz they're like alright count back
count down from 10
and I'm like 10 9 and then I'm waking
back up immediately the feeling I had
when they were when they were doing it
it's like all of a sudden I felt like it
was like [ __ ] ginger ale being poured
on my brain or something like everything
got really staticky and [ __ ] it was
[ __ ] brick really really weird
feelings yeah I don't know that was
definitely strange
[Music]
have you ever taken sleeping medication
not for a long time I'm allergic to
antihistamine most of them happy where
la yeah why do i antihistamine because
that also related description sleep [ __ ]
I think the main stuff and most sleeping
pills is diphenhydramine like that's
like people take benadryl to go to sleep
Ben things like that probably some
sleeping pills I mean yeah there's
definitely sleeping pills that don't but
like you seem pretty [ __ ] scary I had
that sleeping pills are prone to like
dependency issues I don't know if that's
turn out not just that till Michael
Jackson he needed a really small to go
to sleep didn't he have more [ __ ] going
on as well too though
well yeah but it was the propofol that
I'm pretty sure like was the thing that
sealed the deal for us
the allergic reaction doesn't kill me
just start sweating and hallucinating
so yeah wait so is there not the iron
like what do you call the table that
you'd like mine things on the portal and
villas you know not in this game that's
when you can add durability back right
is that what you're talking about
[Music]
so why would you use the anvil when this
thing exists now hey why don't no no I
think you've got a grindstone or
thinker's
[Music]
would you consider playing Afiya the
Beast modpack basically factorio in
Minecraft
Loreena please just give me the fortune
three bonus enchant just give it to me
[ __ ] god damn it
[Music]
I didn't leave us because moon is all Oh
[ __ ] [ __ ] how long is it gonna take
you to realize that that's all he is
he's just a little [ __ ] [ __ ]
why don't we have this ender portal set
up another another portal said I set it
on fire with a flint and steel
[Music]
wait what did you go for a surgery for
was it your colonoscopy thing or
whatever yeah whoa I just rubber-banded
super hard the most Bulmer procedure you
could have done
[ __ ]
how do you open on tinder presents on
the other profile ask people questions
it's a good way to start
[Music]
if you care about somebody have it
matching with somebody smart either be
like if you're stuck on an island what
are the three books you breathe you ya
dumb [ __ ] like that and then if they go
uh-huh I don't really read you can just
be like re late a [ __ ]
[Music]
actually in a derby and I had like a
really good we were judging people's
tender BIOS at least wanna wait on
streamer and twitchcon on stream i
didn't go to twitch come silly this was
like in May
[Music]
[Music]
No
mine would be 12 rules for life Das
Kapital
[Music]
are we done with Minecraft boys you just
died it's starting to feel that way
where are you dying to do you need my
help yeah can you come into the nether
bow and arrow okay well there's a lot of
um did you hit no the pig men are not
the problem I can't kill these guys on a
[ __ ] laggy ass [ __ ] server okay
the [ __ ] is [ __ ] not working
bring a bow and arrow I need you to
bring a bow and I need you are you in a
fortress already know there's the
[ __ ] flying [ __ ] okay the blazes
yeah yeah you're in a fortress no no not
the blazes the [ __ ] the giant bomb
biast I don't know what they are they
the guys are shooting you can't I can't
go to the port because I stand there
they'll shoot me while I'm sitting there
well you should be able to make it
alright hold on I'm making a bow jesus
[ __ ] christ
I need arrows just build a house around
the portal oh god those are guests okay
yeah guests just build a house around
the world oh that's a good idea Dan no
cuz they can just shoot a fireball
through it that's a bad idea then okay
there's a zombie trying to break our
door oh my god that's run this runs all
over it just broke our door and our baby
wait what are you doing kill them I did
we need iron doors with switches oh [ __ ]
what are you doing out here
don't [ __ ] look at me hey come kill
this wait if I go in there he's harmless
if I kill him now and I go in there
we're gonna get [ __ ] it's gonna be
really funny
wait are you shooting at him No yeah
don't do that
okay I need to make an iron to iron
doors and switches I don't like that
he's written here yeah wait how do I
make [ __ ] wait how do I check how do I
make the thing whenever you walk on it
it opens the iron doors oh [ __ ] hold on
more Irish lady drama
oh no wait what hold on wait really
oh oh the gift that keeps on giving man
this guy best trunk chat I need your
help only how many [ __ ] door plates
or whatever
[Music]
what the [ __ ] Irish holy [ __ ] he's being
a boy that's like that's actually too
edgy for even me to defend hey what a
surprise the guy is just an [ __ ] well
no but that's like damn like the
whatever you said before like the whole
about like fat for everything's like I
understood that he was going it like a
self-deprecating joke and he was kind of
like landed poorly but this is just like
not ooh
Dan what the [ __ ] was he thinking guys
what did he say every time I interact
with one of these insane lefties on
discord or on Twitter they're trans and
my replies would be way better right now
on Twitter if trans people didn't exist
like yikes
No
these guys are really annoying
wait
[Music]
what the [ __ ] is so funny in fighting
I'm attacking the Pikmin wait should I
know
[Music]
[Music]
can I just get level 30 ago
[Music]
No
this fix is the new horrible Twitter guy
I actually like the new Twitter guy I
got used to pretty quickly I think after
I think you need like a day or two to
get used to it and there's like a dark
mode if you want but um I think the new
Twitter I think the new Twitter UI is
better not a 3r hello or taller yeah
what's up
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
that's weird
okay sorry what do you say
so you actually like it more not like
you tolerate it but you like um I think
I think initially it used to but I think
having like the buttons on the left side
probably makes more sense and it loads a
lot faster although that's probably more
backend thing that a front-end thing but
be clear the one you're looking at
almost looks like you're using Twitter
on an iPad I want to make sure I have
the same yep yeah yeah yeah can't
[ __ ] stand it you know like if you
open up Twitter and fullscreen the thing
that you don't see in the most holy [ __ ]
like the entire like left and right hand
side of the screen are like why I don't
know dude I feel like yeah yeah I don't
like that there's so much [ __ ] better
so much wasted space I'm like if I had
to guess I'd say probably I'd say
probably like ninety oh [ __ ]
95% of people are still using 1080p
monitors or less do you think what do
you think it's a little high
1080p yeah I would say vast majority Ron
Kennedy here yeah so I mean like they
probably a lot of wasted space because
of our like bigger resolutions
there's a lot of wasted space at 1080p -
also well I'm so tired dear why you
always tired I mean you took the hardest
part of this football season football in
some of am like why didn't anyone just
leave without saying anything what the
[ __ ] happened I gave him a remote to fit
up I thought he was gonna do it 1080p is
not the most common resolution where did
you get that from wait what is he said
he said 1080p or less he didn't say I
guess
720p would probably be most common by
now really on what device the monitor I
mean as a whole I mean I actually you
know iPads and [ __ ] iPhones might be
[ __ ] everything up I remember back in
the day it was like 1280 by 720 it was
most common resolute
I feel like 720p I don't know if let's
go look at how to use it there the pixel
density this is our highest [ __ ] right
okay well on different both wrong you
know what the number one one is what
it's got to be ten please yeah by 768
what is that then the world's worst
resolution do you know the world's worst
resolution my 1280 by 800 [ __ ] is man
those are the days of the 14-inch
computers laptops do my stuff with
Hackman he's really great yes that's a
Boomer resolution in fact if you wanted
like go and target ads towards boomers
Richter 1280 by 800 that's a surefire
way of knowing that you're dealing with
one or a 1600 by 900
yeah what am i doing guys am I ever
gonna level up there I need to kill you
for experience on suicide
it would endure fever can you go mining
please what is what just hit me it was
just a fire right yeah that was just a
fire we can you really not build a house
around the portal thing like it one more
what do you mean here you can on the
inside so he doesn't get [ __ ] whenever
here yeah I'm working on a danovich
other man I'm sorry for trying to help I
don't know how to [ __ ] this game work
yeah you don't know how any game works
cuz you're a [ __ ] boomer dan you're
as old as I am
don't forget it Ross lol it's 2d rest is
not 2d what's the difference between
this and Rasta it looks exactly the same
you know it's great for me time goes
fast for me so all you kids even though
the times gonna go slow for you you guys
are gonna be like [ __ ] 30 like like
tomorrow in my mind so I'll see you
tomorrow
fellow boomers okay there's nothing they
can do about it their time is gonna go
by fast for me all right guys I can feel
this one you guys ready feel it feel it
I'm feeling it
what are you doing getting my perfect in
channel Matt this pickaxe
alright guys here it goes so efficiency
for unbreaking 3 fortune 3 buck
they're at it okay doing more levels
[Music]
[Music]
you like at the rate that we're mining
we could have had full sets by now and
we don't really need these enchanted
Pegasus
hey Taber yeah that's what I thought
that's spoken [ __ ] that [ __ ] nice
not ours monix
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
what do you call yourself again dust man
I'm ghost centers sure to come for the
meme position is neoliberal the
descriptive egoist descriptive ego and
I've gotta be really edgy you could
saying ethically go finish the vet oh
sure an economic reform my baseline
views have pretty much stayed the same
throughout my whole youtube career
however I still found myself
occasionally being reactionary and
hard-headed on certain issues a little
bit of a [ __ ] lord sometimes I still
frequently critique the left especially
social media activism but those
critiques are much less cynical than
they were in the past once I began to
become a little more empathetic and
thoughtful about how I engage with
topics like feminism and LGBTQ while
also being more critical of people who I
thought were confronting these topics in
bad faith I was immediately branded a
social justice warrior or sjw by this
growing anti progressive movement on the
Internet
I haven't lost subscribers bunch of
angry dudes made videos about me and
everything and I'd say the sjw's on
YouTube who are trying to create an
intellectual alternative to the
reactionaries who dominated political
conversation on YouTube at the time is
the precursor to what eventually became
known as left tube and after the rise of
Trump and other far-right public figures
who I'd argue were ushered into the
mainstream by these anti sjw's it became
clear that progressive minded people
needed to step up to the plate
everywhere but also on YouTube and step
up many of them did doing the coming
fairly mining courts is probably the
best way to do it in mine cry
or if we have a [ __ ] ton of cows
if you hold wheat and you go and you're
just running and start feeding them all
you can oh oh wait actually might have a
lot if you get it if you fill your hand
with wheat and you just start feeding a
bunch of cows or sheep you know [ __ ] ton
of experience right now oh yeah we have
a lot actually you get a lot of
experience only popular in a relatively
short amount of time and they're high
quality videos inspired other creators
to either start making their own videos
or work harder on their existing ones
blonder success led people to seek out
other creators with similar content
leading to other channels growing as
well definitely benefited from this
myself now at first I was happy to be
associated with left tube because most
of the creators that get referenced are
people that I'm fans own so I don't want
anyone to take this as any kind of jab
or slight against any other creator
these are people that I like these are
not people that I always agree with a
hundred percent but these are people
making thoughtful entertaining content
that challenges the systems of
oppression in the world rather than
trying to uphold them and I think that's
what we need right now and most of them
seem like decent people personally as
well Natalie an h-bomb are literally two
of my favorite youtubers of all time I
just put them in a thumbnail like God
you scared the [ __ ] out of me haha
figures comes a fandom and what the
fandom comes it seems inevitably drama
and gatekeeping so the first problem
that came to my attention was the
question of who even counts as left - it
seems like it should include anyone
making videos about progressive or
left-wing political and social topics
but there are people like Lindsey Ellis
and Dan Olsen whose videos are
definitely informed by political ideas
but who mostly do pop culture analysis
but are still usually considered members
of left tube so maybe it's the format
instead of the subject matter many of
the people who are most often called
left tube use a short film or video
essay format so does that mean that
channels like creationist cat and Ray
Rowe show aren't left - because the
format is here and you know they're both
very clearly left-wing channels do you
have to make heavily researched forty
minute long videos with props and sets
in order to be considered a real left
tuber sometimes it seems to me that left
tube is just like an exclusive club that
you get into based on who you know who
you're friends with and how much people
like you and not really based on what
kind of channel you have some people try
to draw the line in terms of just how
left-wing are you channels like Meghan
tonjes and aquila obviously are very
clearly informed by left-wing politics
but I rarely hear people call them left
tube maybe they're not perceived as
left-wing enough destiny is a polarizing
figure in this conversation because
while most people agree that he's doing
good work fighting against the far-right
many others find his edgy persona and
overt support for capitalism problematic
and so far as I've seen he's usually
excluded when referencing left tube but
if I had to guess I'd say my economic
views are probably closer to destinies
than say
Sean's but people still call me left -
all the time
many other youtubers came up in the
social justice space just like I did but
rarely get referenced in these
conversations people like Steve shives
and demotivator opinion how am I left
tube but they aren't because because I
have more Twitter followers I think it's
literally just because I'm more friendly
with the established left tubers than
they are but not left-wing enough seems
to be just about where we've landed in
this conversation and that's just super
creme Z to say out loud if that isn't
gatekeeping I don't know what is more
recently some folks are trying to shift
the definition of left tube away from
social justice to focus specifically on
critiques of capitalism this seems odd
to me because a lot of the so-called
left tubers don't even really make that
many videos about class or economic
theory and of course if you don't want
to make videos about that you don't
but it's almost like you're needed to
check a box on your personal convictions
before you're invited to this club
regardless of what's actually on your
channel at least that's how it seems
some people want it to be not much like
with any of these isms I think when
people talk about capitalism they're
often adding a lot of baggage to it
based on their own interpretations of
current events in how certain countries
operate particularly the United States
as if this silly country should be used
as a model for anything but assuming
this is referencing the basic textbook
definition of capitalism and I think
that people are rarely doing that but
let's be charitable an anti-capitalist
youtuber would be a youtuber who doesn't
think that the means of production
should be privately owned and used for
profit that would be the baseline right
certainly this includes me if not most
of the establish a I read I got lists
left
tuberous but I wonder if it includes all
of them I think America's economic and
social system is supremely [ __ ] and
needs to be completely overhauled
systematically like ASAP but I don't
have much of a problem with the idea of
private ownership and profit as the
concept so if that single fact
disqualifies me from being a real left
tuber okay wait how do you get down into
here and to buy to mine hey Marie can
you delete it don't know okay you can
still be part of the team like I'm some
kind of charity case like I'm the out of
shape kid getting picked for the
kickball team because they feel bad for
them even worse is the people who
basically say well I love your work I
think you're doing good work but
eventually down the line we're gonna
need you this sort of step aside so we
can we can do our things but but thanks
for your contribution I think you did
some good work but we won't need you
anymore at that point someone literally
told me recently that I am the
equivalent of the woman in the red dress
from the matrix implying a guess that
why chickens to offer than the average
I'm nevertheless just another product of
the system it's like I'm a person I have
agency my perspective is just as valid
as anybody else's I'm out here trying to
make thoughtful content and start
conversations about topics I think are
important I'm not an accessory to
someone else's revolution have no
interest in that the woman in the red
dress analogy is particularly insulting
because in the movie the woman served to
distract neo from his objective and I
don't think of myself for my content as
a distraction my goal is to funds
forward and maybe make things better and
again this is why some people want to
separate gred tube from left - but some
people say if you're not a leftist then
you're not a left tuber yo I'm super
down for discussing and debating the
merits of different political and
economic ideas and I'm super down for
trying out different policies and
proposals that might make the world
better for the most disadvantaged people
even if it's not an idea that I came up
with I'm not super down for essentially
telling people to get out of your way so
that you can impose your ideology on the
world whether I agree with you or not
whether that comes from the left or the
right but anyway this just leads to more
debate about who's the real left - or
even worse who should we allow to be in
the left tube and it's just all very
much not my jam
so next I'm going to talk a little bit
about the left tube so white thing
people have commented for a while now
about how most of the most successful
left tubers and probably most left
tubers in general are white cat black
made a great video not too long ago
discussing this which was the first time
I think an actual like prominent
youtuber of color has addressed it in a
significant way I could be wrong about
that and when you think of what people
generally refer to as left tube it is
usually the same names that pop up over
and over again and it is 95% white
people you should watch cats video for a
more thorough discussion but it should
be no surprise to anyone who has done
any research on social issues that
people are more willing to
here an idea when it's coming from a
white person it sucks but it's a thing
but it's not just the creators I don't
know if you all know this but there are
quite a few YouTube channels that
feature people of color some of whom are
actually doing pretty well for
themselves who regularly discuss or at
least reference politics and social
issues from a primarily progressive
standpoint
sometimes the videos are very similar to
other left Tube stuff but with a
specific focus on racial and cultural
issues but they also often do it through
a different lens than what is normally
found on left - or at least what is
usually referred to as left tube
sometimes it's pop culture reviews or
comedy sketches or interviews or
celebrity gossip or even beauty
tutorials it's a different format but
they still sometimes find a way to talk
to their audiences about important
topics and as I mentioned before there
are established left tubers who don't
focus specifically on politics so that's
not a deal breaker the difference really
in my estimation is that those videos
made by people of color aren't really
made for white people and so they're
thought of as a completely different
genre and YouTube's algorithm no doubt
considers them a different genre as well
and I obviously don't make my videos for
white people at least not usually but I
don't specifically target black people
either and I think a lot of those other
channels do specifically target people
of color which is fine but as a result
my audience is nevertheless
overwhelmingly white and I know this
because I survey my audience every year
and that's fine I'm okay with that but I
also think it has a lot to do with why
people are so comfortable with allowing
me into the left tube conversation my
videos are white people approved and I
don't know other people's demographics
but I bet it's a similar situation for
other people of color in this community
similarly there are a lot of channels
that are focused on women's issues and
LGBTQ topics that rarely get mentioned
in conversations about left tube and
it's a little bit different because
there are definitely a lot of women and
LGBTQ people within the left tube
community but it still seems that if
your content isn't specifically
palatable to straight white people you
have a
a low chance of being involved with this
club you can be a successful youtuber as
most of the people have featured are to
some extent just not a successful left
tuber and I'm pretty hazy about where I
get to talk to destiny left tube away
from I you said oppressed by the episode
day what happened was it the you know it
just wasn't it just it pisses me off
because I couldn't go for four hours
why did you like run out of people there
yeah well well you know it just didn't
it just it didn't we had we had like a
group of people but it just was I didn't
feel like you guys were gonna engage
with them very well considered like how
you engage with like what we thought was
our best way didn't I thought our
engages our pretty good today you don't
think so I thought could be compared to
no I thought I was like look I'm fine I
thought you guys I thought you guys did
pretty well I don't think anybody ever
does poorly it just sometimes sometimes
things just don't [ __ ] mesh you know
what I mean so it you know and I I get
if if I end a show at three hours and
thirty minutes no matter how good it was
they'll always spam [ __ ] show in the
chat at the end of the the time so oh is
that the only thing that you're judging
her by was his people again spamming
that yeah well I mean I shouldn't let it
get to me but yeah I felt I felt a
little emotional at the end because of
it and I made a tweet then I deleted it
and then I went and flamed a bunch of
people and chat do you know long time do
you know that have you ever heard of the
podcast pain killers anonymous it's got
a woodysgamertag and people on it know
was no I didn't know that at the end of
every every time they do a podcast
episode they vote how they have it they
post a sort of thing and then they have
a vote on the guest to see oh I'm sorry
painkiller already not painkiller
anonymous they have a vote on on their
guests to see like how people liked it
or it ever you could be doing something
like that just to get like like oh
they're gonna vote that they hate
everything no they don't people they
troll do
I understand that people do that but
like even after people have trolled like
you'll get some sense of like where the
actual like polling data like wines not
like after you start doing like a
hundred of these or a couple hundred of
these like if you have like a killer
episode you're gonna see that people
will troll I know now that I'm telling
saying there's nothing most little troll
yeah I just got really pissed I was just
really I was kind of off tilt today it's
from the start like when I started the
show like they were trying to god they
were spamming the emote trihard in c'mon
bruh i banned them from my stream yeah
and there was this huge uprising like
this massive uprising of like vocal
people that wanted the emo back you know
and I and so anyway and I almost ended
the stream but I didn't I don't know how
much you I don't know how much you pay
your people to work with you or whatever
but if you get somebody to do like I
linked you at like an example the type
of things to do if you're ever looking
for like feedback on how people are
receiving your shows I felt like this is
just really really good information to
have
well how much do you pay your people is
that something we should talk about so
most of the work that I do right now I
usually do by in invoice it's all I call
a sign like my overlay guy like hey I
need some new [ __ ] [ __ ] or like what
about like your twitch at moderators I
don't have any actually well I guess I
do I just mind like random people but I
I realize like by Ken doll he's in there
right um yeah um I guess I don't know
most these people are usually just fans
or whatever but I don't I just want like
of course you definitely should okay but
also like I try to moderate as much as I
can from the bots like although
sometimes there were people that will
come in and we'll get away with Fanning
stuff but I I think I have like a pretty
robust but in my chat that bands for a
lot of [ __ ] and my culture I don't think
it's quite as toxic as some other twitch
community so it's not as bad I mean yeah
I I have like a really really low
expectation of my mods like if they're
missing should it ever I just gonna bet
I don't know that I'm gonna tell him to
do anything or whatever yeah yeah well I
really I want to let you know that I
really enjoy your presence
the show I really do I don't want you to
think that it was like I was like that
was a shot at you like oh yeah like it
wasn't anything didn't have anything to
do with you individually or anything
it's just sometimes I just feel like
it's difficult to get conversations
moving organically and like that's one
of my biggest challenges as a host is
trying to keep conversations moving and
one of the things I that needs to happen
is you be able to see their reactions
live because oh god it would have so
much one I think under estimating like
how important you looking at their body
language to what you say is because I
think that will engage the people a lot
more the guess on the the people that
are on the show like the guys or the
judges and it's not even like a delay
like I have to see it on stream it's
like it's a big delay or delay is like
30 seconds or whatever so that you can
like in case somebody [ __ ] up or
whatever so like when someone you're
talking to like oh like here's the next
girl on the stream I'm like not even
paying attention for the first half a
minute because she hasn't shown up one
string I even know who like I'm looking
at you know it's yeah well on top and on
top of that like I used to think that it
didn't matter because oh you're just
gonna look at what they look like and
okay now you see what they look like it
really doesn't matter what their
reaction but as humans like we read each
other's body language constantly you
know yeah sure yeah but look I had a no
I it's hard for me to judge it cuz I see
everybody's body language I see
everything live so it's like I don't
know but I definitely need to fix that
for sure because the rajarao is like one
of the most engaging shows that I have
when guests are the most engaged and
it's because they can see each other
yeah you guys can see each other you can
see each other's reactions so I
definitely need to improve that yeah for
sure
well look first of all chromed I'm not
gonna [ __ ] the [ __ ] up okay I don't even
know what that means
learn how to spell chromed dumbass look
at this I can't believe you have this
guy in your chat unbelievable I'm gonna
ban them yeah what the hell does [ __ ]
the [ __ ] up mean anyway why don't my on
my business [ __ ] and then [ __ ] up I
don't understand what does that mean
you want me to defecate he's so
embarrassed he doesn't want to talk
anymore
[ __ ] the [ __ ] up ROG man so anyway but
what was i coming in here for I totally
forgot what the far as you entered the
room you said is this is the place where
I come to talk to destiny yes I was
gonna ask him ask you something and talk
to you about something really important
huh God what was it Kirk sorry and I'm
sorry were you guys having a
conversation that I just came from his
[ __ ] okay wait thank you it came in
and you said is this is this a place
where I come to talk to Justin and yeah
I know but I was gonna talk to you about
something well first of all aren't you
proud of me with how liberal I was on
your way up 200 plus points 100 liberal
points and I could jam did I really you
know how many Trump supporters I was
[ __ ] just pissing off in the chat
there was so many there were so many I
was pissing so many people off in the
chat that were there like you know you
have a different opinion in me [ __ ] you
you know yeah I had something super
important to talk about what was it
about it was super important about
politics is about a son was it about
twitch was it about paying mods no about
one of your shows any of your shows the
Roger Royale tomorrow that I'm supposed
to be on yes oh the breastfeeding topic
did you oh that's what it was
breastfeeding did you guys cover that on
trains podcast last night yeah we did a
little fairy yeah we did a yeah [ __ ]
dammit why because I want to cover that
tomorrow all right again is I thought I
had a Miley I I invited the girl that
breastfed on the stream oh yeah so I
invited and she she she did ask she
asked me if she could breastfeed while
on the ground podcast but I but I did
say I said I said no because because I
don't want to get a get man
but she didn't get banned for it so you
should be fine I know but I was advised
by hungry do you think she just like
holds my burger no [ __ ] career
yeah no but I thought it'd be a good
idea to invite her on because why would
we talk about that topic without having
the person that was involved on you know
I also invited Wes who looks like he's
capable of breastfeeding I did what what
I just said he had boobs I didn't say he
was fat that's you you implied that oh
you're right in my bed that was implied
so who didn't you like of the be honest
you just be ruthless right now who
didn't you like that I casted you with
in terms of other people on the stream
yeah let's see it was a gross score
Canute and okay oh yeah I [ __ ] adore
by the way I think s man is hilarious um
okay brutally honest and everybody
honest say that most people are okay
it's really hard to choose a weakest one
like if I had two would be probably
between like Knut or s fan it really
just comes down to like how like turned
on those guys are I think like Knut is
pretty funny generally Espen is really
funny honest to god I think that like
something has like gone wrong or
happened like gross core is like so
[ __ ] funny I think that guy should be
a lot bigger than he is he's just like
he needs like a breakthrough moaning
something has to happen but well I did
think that like grass grows like like
one of the funniest [ __ ] he's so
[ __ ] funny holy [ __ ]
well I've always thought that he was
incredibly uh he I always told gross
score this I've always said of it look
Ali the only person that could stop you
from being successful as you like he
it's like Oh gross score he's flying
high and then he [ __ ] like comments
on a woman's breasts and gets into a
sexual assault allegation right like you
know it's like oh gross scores flying
high and then all of a sudden his family
you know steals the oh my god that was
everything about that was so bad you
know it's just like you know all you
know the gross scores flying high
[ __ ] here comes a baby you know it's
like it's just he's so incredibly funny
and like like he's just a Content
machine like he's so he's so good at
engaging an audience
he's like the kind of guy that you can
take with you like to the [ __ ] store
and like just hold a camera over and he
would like make everything really
[ __ ] funny I think yeah I think he's
his own reality TV show well I mean
that's kind of extreme but like at least
like a ticket let's start with no I mean
of course you need to start selling your
dream do you think that's extreme having
your own reality TV show like on network
TV or something yeah I would say this a
little bit of an extreme first no no I
mean look I mean it of course it's got
to start somewhere
but like could you imagine his family
the Larson's in that Caravan did you
watch those IRL streams
with like his maybe one successors or at
least over [ __ ] age of 18 or I know I
know
did you hear about the patreon it's just
oh no I didn't I don't think I want to
but well anyway anyway the I don't know
but look Ali's been a good friend of
mine for quite some time
we've known Ally was one of the first
years that I ever watched actually you
know I don't agree with necessarily
everything he does but per se you know
but I don't I don't think he necessarily
I'd hoped never mind I'm did everything
so political now I'm just afraid to
speak you know it's just sad you were
such a baby what like I just hope that
what he would say would be the best of
intentions you know like I hope he has a
good I think he's I have no idea what
the [ __ ] you're trying to say but okay
you know what yeah he's funny yeah he's
funny yeah you should read more like
like all the girls they they were really
friendly the one who was that one that
would I'm kinda think of a better phrase
than crazy black shake this is like this
isn't like a [ __ ] month ago the last
one was are they before me to sweetener
Oh
she came dressed in the trash crazy
people like that that like [ __ ] with
people are really [ __ ] funny I know
but you know it's hard to find those
people I know yeah you would think that
you would think that it would be really
easy to recruit but like when Knut opens
the show with bring on the you know
what's it's like it's hard to [ __ ]
get people that want to participate in
that her and I think my favorite girls
have been that that girl and then the
flick see girl like it's really hard to
find women that are just like I'm
unashamedly like [ __ ] like out there
would like some crazy [ __ ] and and her
in that fleex ago I really [ __ ] good
and you know it like Ryles the [ __ ] up
out of like people in Chadha [ __ ] oh I
know we try to find people like that
especially like fleek see but what
happened with fleecy is you know Wes and
her like Wes and dug up like a bunch of
dirt on her and like she came out and
said like that the Boston bomber was hot
or something and like she said some
other really [ __ ] up [ __ ] about like
the Orlando like club shooting and stuff
and like just a bunch of really messed
up [ __ ] okay and so she got you know
kind of which hunted for that and so she
hates Wes and won't come on with Wes and
I'm like real I don't even want to
invite her on at this point because of
all the [ __ ] that we dug that people dug
up Wes digging of [ __ ] on [ __ ] Gus
said I'm say I'm like holy [ __ ] this is
like I don't know since when is you know
since when is Wes the moral voice of
reason I said worship and that on your
[ __ ] show no idea why Wes all of a
sudden needed to do that but but what do
you think of Wes by the way uh I hate I
disagree with almost everything he says
but he's really funny I think he's
really good he's also like a Content
machine as long as I didn't fight
Richard by the way so you and Richard
should have fun tomorrow sharing if you
have somebody to oppose Wes so somebody
like me or probably his son or like Al
umbrella even maybe like as long as you
somebody like I think like West get
wound up like real [ __ ] easy and it
was really funny when he gets like mad
and going
yeah I disagree them almost on
everything but I think is pretty funny
see the complex the complicated part of
the show right now the biggest obstacle
that I face is that like we're having a
lot of logistical scheduling issues
because of personal conflicts you know
like people that hate each other yeah
like people that won't like that have
created like they've gotten into it on
the show and they refuse to go on with
each other for example alle Braille and
Wes have like like there's like the I've
convinced you know them a few times but
you know I've got to fix Wes is personal
attacks but you and Hassan for example
I'll go out to be clear all going with
anybody I don't care it might be a
little bit awkward but I'll never so
yeah well I'm not bringing you guys on
together so you guys can fight each
other I always brought you guys
something that you need to understand
but you might feel like a big dick doing
this okay but like you offer a lot of
value to like like 100 viewer and ease
or whatever you would call them right so
people like what doesn't Wes get like is
it in the hundreds low hundreds he's now
in the four or five hundred I think so
you represent like a massive opportunity
to these people you can leverage your
show a little bit like and it sounds
like a dick move but if you were to tell
somebody like this like hey listen
you're not gonna have these types of
personal conflicts coming on my show
I'll try to accommodate you but you're
not gonna like hardball me here also I'm
not gonna invite you on anything they'll
cave immediately note no way would
somebody that pulls like 300 or 400
concurrent viewers give up the chance to
be on a twenty thousand viewers show
because of a personal conflict if you
play hardball with them like and you can
do that you absolutely can do like
you're providing a really big
opportunity for a lot of these people
yeah I know but I feel like a dick and I
feel like don't look at it that way
these guys are gaining so much by being
other sure even I gained a lot of weight
like that's one of the reason why I go
on this because I get in front of a lot
of ice too
like I have a lot to gain here the
problem is like you see it as like
you're not you don't really see yourself
as giving that much because you're not
like maybe necessarily making an effort
to do it but you are you're providing a
massive platform for anybody that goes
on your show so you can absolutely
leverage that against them making
selfish demands about what program they
go on yeah I guess you're right but then
what happens if they just
don't give a [ __ ] you know and I want
that won't happen I promise you won't
you can try but I don't think it well I
mean it's happening with some people
yeah welcome I need like a big dude like
scheduling all these [ __ ] people and
especially [ __ ] streamers dude to get
together in one place he's like debris
the show is a [ __ ] nightmare people
every look and I hate to be that it is a
[ __ ] nightmare is a [ __ ] nightmare
it's a logistical nightmare getting
these because in okay claw come on
you shut your mouth you shut your mouth
claw right now no I will tell you this
actually the the people that are easy to
get on the show is like the hundred
viewer Andy's right like the the people
that are that are like yeah yeah they're
a little they're a little bit more
accommodating schedule the most
difficult people are people like
yourself or you know okay listen I oh I
usually do it okay I know I know but
what I'm saying is though that's like
the most difficult thing is getting like
the the people that a lot of people you
know yeah it because there's an
opportunity cost and since you're not
paying people to show up on your show
yes it hurts yeah yeah so it's it's MO
that's the most difficult part so like
securing like the major talent right if
you would call it like that and I'm not
I don't want to devalue that the other
people right they come on the show
because they have an opportunity to grow
to to everybody else's level but it's
just very that's the most difficult part
and a lot of it's just like literally
reaching out and waiting waiting camping
a response because like what if I send a
message to you and then I'm just using
an example and then I send a message to
other people too that are pretty
relatively big size and everybody says
yes like I mean I guess I could be like
oh nevermind I don't need you anymore or
a oh can we actually push it next week
but it's just challenging I mean I don't
know what I'm usually scheduling people
I usually will I'll usually give people
like tentative dates so like if I was
running like your show I might
I might send like maybe 20 message it's
not like hey are you generally free like
either this Saturday or next Saturday to
be on my show and if they give like a
kind of like a tentative yes and you get
like 15 people to say that then you can
kind of like move them around you know
you like you you confirm your 9 for the
next show and then you move the others
on to the next week and then you do like
another like if you if you kind of um
what do you call it like layering your
emails like that layer laddering
staggering if you kind of like stagger
the way that you schedule you can
usually like fit things around that way
yeah I mean we've we've trot wheat like
we've tried to do we've tried everything
really it really boils down to the fact
that it's just hard to get streamers to
commit to anything
because you know I could run a Roger a
podcast with ten people of anybody right
really but the reality is the audience
wants to see people like you they want
to see people like Triax they want to
see people like Assad they want to see
people like pokey main and it's you know
xqc and and Greek they want to see their
big the the big personalities on the
show they want to see it whether they
like to admit it or not cuz when I don't
do that I get [ __ ] on for it like they
want to see they're there they're big
players they want to see that so I think
it's really hard because like what like
the - well like so there's an
opportunity cause so this is like the
thing that I would say to anybody right
like I've got a business idea what you
know how should I make this work right
why should somebody go on your show
instead of just streaming for seven
hours that Saturday that's like that's a
question that you need to have answered
immediately well I mean I'd like to
think that the show offers a platform I
I know it does the the one of the Lord
is one of the largest it is the largest
non gaming stream but if you're talking
about people like destiny or bigger
people like Pokemon or Greek god X like
if you're looking at figures like this
like people that get like five figure
viewership or high four figure
viewership it's not really is it really
worth it for them to give up like a
Saturday of streaming to go on your show
for six or seven hours I mean I think I
mean I think it is I mean it's proven to
be valuable because they've all come on
multiple times right I think maybe I
think I think that for
like I think like you could say for
pokey is an example you know she does
get you know some five five figure
viewership but you know I'd say that you
know coming on my show gives an
opportunity to give her exposure to an
audience that normally wouldn't be
viewing her stream so that's a bad thing
I know it's a good but but but you know
I think that yeah I mean I'd like to
think that the exposure is good and it's
enough even for people that are pulling
three to five K viewers sure that link
so I mean 100 million trillion
presentable on with you all night right
I mean are never right but like her
clearly it's not that's not the case
right because if that was the case then
you would have multiple four figure if I
figure Andy's asking you like hey can I
come on the next show hey can I be in
the next show like people would be
coming to you for that but the fact you
have to go to them for that means that
they you're you there's a higher demand
that you're placing than than what
they're like satisfying right because
it's not yet agree I would agree with
you it's not as difficult to getting
them on the show first initially is not
hard right the values clear it's it's
perpetually over and over again that's
the difficult sell right that's the
hardest sell so I would reason I would
you know level with you there and say
you know I still think is valuable but
it doesn't matter what I think it
matters what that what is perceived as
see they might also why do you think it
would help if your shows are like we're
like a little bit shorter or we'll see
people people the audience think it's
not long enough right
well yeah but like that's just the
nature of streaming right like people
always want to see you do more and
longer and longer and more but just for
the sake of like getting other content
creators on do you think I mean if if we
could run it more efficiently run it
shorter we would but I I just don't
think that you know it would get the
visibility it needs to stay afloat if it
was less than four hours a show
sure have you looked at like in terms of
your syndication - are you finally
posting [ __ ] to youtubers that still not
[ __ ] go well I mean I've got somebody
that's well first of all I want to use I
think I'm gonna switch to your guys that
do your do your videos because you know
my guys that do mine are the the videos
come up like three weeks late and they
get like 1k viewers yeah like this
channel is a this is dead as [ __ ] it's
dead right but ggx wide heart vods
uploads them like 30 seconds after I get
offline and just gets all the views from
the channel ggx white heart vods ggx
wide hard vods okay that's the guy and
he I don't he's on YouTube right I don't
even know what the [ __ ] well there's
probably so ggx wide hard vods on
YouTube just look up Raj king of the
hill on YouTube and or something let's
see twitch life this is really bad the
fact that I can't find these really
quickly you know this is like really no
just no YouTube YouTube it don't Google
it there no I know but I'm saying like
the fact that I can't find a channel of
your YouTube channel with all of your
shows on it it's really bad like you
should this is like but you're googling
it I don't know you're right it yeah but
if I look for like destiny debate on
like [ __ ] Google I can find like all
my [ __ ] like immediately
why would I search for like asan like
TYT like I can find his [ __ ] immediately
all right like your YouTube presence is
you got a [ __ ] get that oh my god
that's like the biggest no-brainer 100%
I know and I'm [ __ ] stupid I don't
know what I'm doing on YouTube at all
would your people know what they're
doing 100% I can put you in contact with
Gary
but basically you would just like make
an agreement with him I don't know what
it would be specifically but you make an
agreement for some type of payment or
rive share whatever and then you just
like that's it I don't want to deal with
anything else and then they do all the
uploading all the tagging all the
scheduling everything automatic so they
know how to like do they know how to
like create a channel and like cultivate
growth yeah I mean they they do I don't
know what I'm doing yeah I needed to I
don't log in ever to look at my YouTube
shits totally hands-off I don't do [ __ ]
all
I just don't know how to tag yet they
don't know all of that all of that [ __ ]
did they know how to do that like cuz I
don't know what I'm doing because I I
literally just want to stream and then
they upload it yep I know the ggx wide
heart guy I could tell him to stop
uploading like today I told him not to
upload the vaad to YouTube and I believe
the vaad - hello okay yeah so so you
think it should be shorter um well that
might have said if I that's the only
thing that I don't like personally I
don't know why you would have to ask
other people I don't know if any other
big people are hearing over you have to
ask them like well what keeps you from
doing it but like yeah for me like it
knowing that like okay well six hours
out of my Saturday means I'm pretty much
enough streaming that day and I don't
know weekend day that kind of sucks I
don't know if other content creators
look at it the same way but that's that
is a little painful and what about a way
but it's six is it six hours um
garage well isn't it it's not six hours
it's like four is it I don't know for
like the Rajoy how long does it last
it's four tops really it's like got a
runtime of like four you sure about that
in the intro runs for an hour so I could
probably tell everybody to show up at a
certain time but see here's the problem
destiny talent show yeah they won't show
up on time yeah like it's really hard to
get people so actually that's uh you
know people think that I'm a lazy piece
of [ __ ] and I I'm I'm just waiting at my
computer jerking off before the show
just being late but a lot of times we're
just waiting for everybody to to like
get there and once everybody's the
reason I don't start until everybody's
there is because we've had so many times
you can ask claw where we have somebody
not show up and then we're sitting there
waiting to get somebody together rather
than sit there and like try to stall a
wait for someone to show up we usually
just wait till everybody's there make
sure everybody's camera works make sure
everybody's microphone works and then we
move uh-huh so that that's how we do it
usually
the [ __ ] in your water I don't know
what the [ __ ] these guys
yeah I do i overbook the Raja rail to on
purpose in case people don't show up
right yeah well like for example
yesterday we had king of the hill with
me amount Cova and a few others huh and
we had Ricky Buick remember you know
that guy from Twitter yeah God yeah and
he cancelled like the morning of that's
really [ __ ] yeah like so it's like that
happened that [ __ ] happens all the time
mm-hmm you know but yeah we're working
on it one of the one of the next you
know things that I'm trying to do is I'm
trying to you know we're trying to
expand our team and just kind of get
more eyes out there collecting talent so
I like I'm actually I actually ran
interviews for the lot like two days
this week Tuesday and Wednesday uh-huh I
have like people here as funny is I was
expecting like this audience to be
filled with 19 20 year old college kids
it I had 48 year old men coming into my
discord room for an interview yeah
there's a lot of like insanely talented
people out there like I've been [ __ ]
shocked I'd like the level of talent
I've had it's crazy like this guy comes
in he's not here mate my name is Mike
I'm a teacher from London yeah my
hearties I am 48 years old yeah I'm
looking for work mate you know I've been
having trouble finding work mate you
know and it's just like I didn't expect
that
uh-huh yeah
yeah London with this accent right
London's about what accent is that
anyway what part of England and that'd
be considered Kurt Piccadilly yeah yeah
ma Oh meowing barking man yeah bruh me
bruh me Birmingham
are you starting any more shows are you
good with what you have right now have
you been looking into doing anything
else right well we started the ROG
chiller Etsy's the ROG Taylor season 2
which needs to fix the ending we've got
a lot of problems with the ending of the
show what do you know why well so the
show goes like this you come on to
compete let's say you versus a song I
obviously know right now that can't
happen but you versus a son you come on
the show we invite 10 girls that could
go either way you know between you or
Hasan and then you guys all turn they've
did they before the show they've decided
whether they're there for you or Hassan
and you guys alternate your eliminations
you eliminate a girl she reveals who
she's there for Tom eliminates a girl
eliminate here you therefore then we get
to the end and we get to the final two
and it's like okay well who the [ __ ]
gets to choose the final one you know
what I mean yeah so it's kind of [ __ ]
at the end so we're trying to find a way
we're both equally get to choose the
winner but it's like we even something
like you're gonna agree on the same
person yeah especially depending on how
that it could seem like really awkward
so we got to the so we we got to the end
and I've gotten some new ideas like
instead of at the end it being a bottom
- it could be a bottom three and each
guy sends one away and the last girl
standing wins but it's just like what if
they send the same girl away again and
then we're back in the same [ __ ]
problem yeah so yeah it's kind of it's
kind of different
the concepts really fun though right you
kind of got a double sided competition
the guys are competing against each
other the girls are competing for the
guys without like showing who they're
you know they're there
true intentions it's kind of fun but
yeah
and we're also want to move into like
real life production so like actually
taking some of these people that we've
brought on the show you know like in
dated and let's say for example you're
on the show and you really hit it off
with a girl like we fly everybody out to
the same location and like pose like a
real date you know and like put that on
camera and do something cool with it you
know it has to be more than just like a
real date but move over to ChatterBait
for those streams yeah but like we have
to I want to make it real and I want to
take the viewer on an adventure from
start to finish
so perfect like not like yeah boy I know
it's not like that
but do you get a stream okay all right I
gotta go destiny Kirk's got a stream
really yeah I was really enjoying her
talk to someone of my chat said the
girls get to pick which guy gets to
eliminate but what if the girls don't
agree on it yeah that's that's true yeah
I know Joe my idea of like being able to
sell like an experience from like start
to finish that would be really cool like
from having somebody on the show - yes
you know into the very end of like
watching the meter than fine
what well you said excuse me
oh oh sorry I didn't mean that you just
probably gain 50 viewers or something
why is your roommate such an [ __ ]
dude wait wait he's not an [ __ ]
let me mean I'm an [ __ ] hey called
you an [ __ ]
Oh like me saying on destiny stream that
you're streaming oh yeah but destiny
doesn't care right doesn't it okay
what don't care what hey everybody go
watch my stream I'm streaming live
twitch.tv slash Raj Patel although I
will say I do I do get like I not that I
hate it but it's just like I'm like
really when somebody will lose with my
show and they'll be like all right I'm
going live on live now but I'm going
live right now to discuss what just
happened yeah so anyway okay Dennis Lee
I really enjoy talking to you and I'd
like to do this more often and I scared
a lot of people out of the room I think
it's just you me now so now I think
Tiger was pretty tired so it's not good
okay all right okay bye well just you
and me chat how you guys done how much
do I need to beat the inner dragon if we
have like a set of fully enchanted gear
that should be enough rain finish the
video oh yes i from social justice
because I think it's something we very
much still need to be talking about
Preity King economic systems is fine and
necessary but it is not the full story
especially if you're leaving out how
different groups are disproportionately
affected so look I've been making
YouTube videos for something like 10
years now and my channel has gone
through many evolutions and probably
will continue to evolve but the primary
reason I make videos has always been the
same I like doing it I like making stuff
and sharing it with people that's it
that's all I've ever wanted to do really
i've managed after grinding for many
years to make it into some semblance of
a career but it's something i would
definitely still do if i didn't get paid
for it
i also obviously have some thoughts
about things that i think are important
and want to start discussions about and
it seems like a lot of you like to
listen to what i have to say which I
appreciate vastly but i don't want to
make this seem like this is anything
other than basically a random dude
making videos on the internet now don't
get me wrong I've definitely gotten a
lot of messages from people who said
that my videos have helped them
understand something better or that I've
helped them become more thoughtful about
things and that's amazing I don't mean
to downplay the real effect that people
in my position [ __ ] that's music's
making another play up to lightning at
all it's something that I am always
conscious about in fact it's one of the
reasons why I've chosen to have these
discussions in the first place but and
I've said this before many times I am
NOT an expert or an authority on hey I
forgot to tell you one thing there's a
[ __ ] live stream fail post with likes
like it's still on and it has your face
in it it has been up for two hours all
the mods must be asleep or they think
they're just letting it go I don't know
no trust me that's not gonna happen if
you like what I have to say that's
awesome but I don't want to pretend like
I'm some kind of thought leader or that
I magically know what's gonna fix
society just because I read a couple
books or watched a couple video essays
any of your measured opinions on any
topic that I cover are just as useful
and valid as anything I have to say and
a lot of you might not really care about
this but I just want to make sure you
know where I stand on that a lot of
people talk about left tube and other
political creators as if they're like
the chosen ones but really we're just
some people on the internet that are
pretty good at talking the article I
mentioned earlier is titled can the left
win youtube but I'm not really trying to
win YouTube I know I'm a broken record
at this point but I just want to make
some videos y'all if we can help some
people or change some minds along the
way then that's great too so yeah I'm
just over the whole left tube thing at
this point I mean I 100% appreciate all
of the support that I've gotten from
people in this community all the
shoutouts and sharing of my videos and
my channel that's amazing I love it
I cannot express how much that means to
me and I'm not gonna like freak out if
people continue to like add me to lists
of left tubers or whatever you know feel
free to do that if you want to put at
the end of the day all I really want to
do is make some cool videos that
encourage people to be kind to each
other and to be thoughtful about how we
might make the world a better place and
if I'm able to do that I don't really
care about all that other stuff
especially if there's exclusion and
gatekeeping involved but that's just
Meetup if our ejj is having trouble with
his business Lambo oh sure for
sponsoring this video
Skillshare is an online community for
creators and really anyone that's
looking to learn new skills or improve
on old world nice okay
Jesus Christ all right thanks for
subbing okay
