welcome guys to startups episode 3 we
have an exciting episode for you today
we are joined by audio producer Tony no
fat no fat so what's up man how you
doing how's it going
everything's great everything's great
just be Cooper waiting from last night
but um besides that what you said last
night nothing just the regular I do it
once a month I do karaoke parties at my
house and I invite all recording artists
and everything and I started DJing again
so I was like DJing my own house party
but the rain kind of messed it up and
only a couple people show it up which is
cool you know we still got drunk and did
karaoke
wait just for a matter of perspective
what does a couple people to you you
mean like actually literally was to okay
everyone from like a real fun night to a
real depressing night really like the
day of just probably via text and I send
out in groups of 12 so out of those 12
away for RSVPs and now that I expect 40
to 50 percent of a RSVP which they did
and then I send that another group of a
group text so I do that so I can make
sure if I want 20 people there or 30 or
whatever so I only want it under 10 or
10 or under so out of that the RSVPs on
to showed okay you started down well hey
man if you guys had fun with some of the
matters right yeah okay so you are do
you still produce for anybody or are you
still like are you like one caller
yeah produced but I produce on my terms
I'm not like deep in the music industry
like I used to be I am what as an
executive but not as a as a creator
because it's very stressful and it's
very stressful trying to create other
people's terms and conditions and when
you're signed to a label or sign to a
you know one of the hardest-working
people in industry and you have to
create on the pressure it becomes
stressful after a while so you know yeah
I did definitely tell
wit so one of the things we kind of talk
about here is like I'm sorry I get we
had to start this like three times good
stuff and I just keep thinking of it I'm
sorry
one of the things we kind of talk about
here a lot is kind of like how people
got there some people get their start in
an industry and obviously like I mean
there are so many stories of like
producers okay
listen can you tell us your history Tony
please how do you know it's the ditches
that this start just there's so much
irony around this episode just how did
you how did you start when did you start
like doing music when he can even think
about like getting into like producing
or whatever when I was like 21 years old
I didn't know what the link with you in
a music before that like how did you
yeah wasn't thinking music got my house
and locally and I had an opportunity to
actually do it professionally with with
Puff Daddy at the time he was just
starting using the internet and he
wanted someone to make music with so he
said we from both from Melbourne in New
York from a small very small town so we
linked up I gave him money back then it
was set so I gave him my cassette with
my beats and he said yeah like you sound
like your stuff that's gonna steal your
own work and we had nothing to lose and
everything again we were both you know
just started and we did our first
project which was mary j blige you
remind me remix and that launched our
entire careers and took off because we
created a new sound and we merged
hip-hop and R&B
because it's just like it is today where
the older generation don't like the
young hip hip hop generation and same
thing when hip hop first started and hip
hop turned into the 80s and 90s that was
in the 90s and the older generation
aided hip hop hated it the younger
generation didn't like the R&B stuff in
the singing because we were all into
hip-hop so he wanted to create a sound
to fuse both the young audience and the
older audience and it actually worked
because I know my mom hated hip hop but
then she started singing my songs which
were really hip hop oh wow I can't
believe she liked my stuff like
really really start from like from like
nothing did you have previous experience
or like connections to get into that
pointer or just like literally making a
mixtape type of thing yeah and there was
not not even a mixtape I was just making
music at my house and one of my
neighbors was the one that approached me
I said hey you know Puff Daddy he's on
he's an intern arrow yeah kind of heard
about it he said yeah he's looking for a
partner to reduce whips or make records
with and I think you should give him her
stuff that's how it started I was just
making music at home with just one drum
machine and and I'm a one keyboard not
even professional level or anything but
it has so much potential so much
potential that's why you don't really
need a lot for hip-hop it's all about so
I started with just two pieces of gear
and that started my career instantly and
I didn't even know what a producer was
running thing and I just woke up in the
music in my shoes and I had to learn the
music chemistry second thing so that's
when you know three buddy just [ __ ] up
your ass rock is really interesting with
like like today for music stuff like on
a computer you can do like a trillion
different things like you can have a
million machines like on any type of
software you mentioned like you started
off with like a drum machine and a
keyboard is there like a story to how
you acquired these were you like into
music in college or high school did you
like playing band or anything or how did
you start getting into it so I started
with the band and nine years old I was
playing trumpet which ever really
nothing to do with it with music but it
kind of taught me how to read and write
music at a very young age and talking
how to arrange on breast sections so I
learned how to read music and that part
kind of encouraged me and helped me with
playing keyboards so the drum machine
and the keyboard that are acquired I
worked at I always had a job that was
one thing I worked at friends I remember
that was one of my first jobs friends
man we used to eat ice cream all day in
burgers
that's it so the keyboard was only like
250 bucks so I saved up money and got it
and that then I and my other friends
been doing it too so we will swap out
equipment until death so we would you
know gradually swap out two
trying to get the best of what you know
for that time and and after you know I
got an ideal and everything and asked I
started making records and of course I
wanted reserve in his book everything I
could buy yeah starting out was pretty
tough very very topic so I got to
imagine like how did you get it to where
how did you actually get your tapes in
front of people like in front of Diddy
or whatever its it to listen to I
imagined had it been a ton of people
that were trying to get their stuff
heard like did you have like a connect
or did you just happen to hear your [ __ ]
or how did that work at that time we
started together so he was just like
[ __ ] we would he was just regular he
was an intern was Puff Daddy
we were both like 21 years old he like
we are this is before anything like this
was our first before we made our first
record together before his first record
came out before anything so 19 1992 was
that year in bad way didn't come out
until 95 around 95 year so about two
three years later that's when everyone
started knowing about Diddy and that's
when he did his name change but uh yeah
well that was um you know we were both
kids at that time and just going on
studio and making music no having fun so
what would you say is the the major
differences of producing music at that
time versus now do you think it's easier
to get into it now versus easier yeah
it's way easier now is it's is well
disability it's double-edged sword
technology and these platforms make it a
lot easier to get noticed in the
industry but then at the same time the
technology is so affordable and then
everyone has a community now so almost
anyone can make music now and it doesn't
really take much effort now with the
programs so that's what we have a lot of
people that are in the music now a lot
of people are in the music and it's not
the label who dictate your hits now for
your success it's the fan it's the
person that's sitting out that are the
kid that's wrong with living with their
mom and their bedroom clicking on links
those are the ones that are determining
who's imposing next hit
who's the next superstar because those
analytics are viewed by the labels in
the label side
according to analytics which is kind of
bad when it comes to music because it
becomes non-organic
at that time it becomes just purely just
numbers okay oh man that this is
actually a topic that I'm like really
interested about the next section I have
labels literally music as a commodity
but before we get to that I just you
wanna like briefly walk us through you
know from from the first work that you
did with P Diddy like how did you go
past that like well how did you get into
the industry how did you communicate
with other people like what other big
projects were you're on you were excited
to work on oh okay yeah so once we
linked up Gideon I think that we went
into the studio we produce this mary j
blige smash a first project and it was
such a success very fast very if we
wouldn't viral with that without the
internet so put it like that how
something goes viral now I'm measuring
it going viral in the trash in the world
so that's what happened where radial got
it within a week and everyone had it in
their cars a week later so like where
did they get it from so they had to
actually go to the store and stand
online and spend their money and buy it
that was the only way back then
okay um so that happened so fast and the
impact was so powerful that everyone
wanted that sound every artist so from
our first project
my whole never stopped doing it so let
me ask you I'm curious when you say this
happened fast so like you and Diddy
launched your you know basically you
guys launched at the same time how fast
is fast before it's like literally
record execs blowing up your phone
everyday in like basically living that
lifestyle that we kind of see in like
music videos and things along those
lines like what do you say is the zero
to sixty of that happening like what are
we talking about well the traction as a
producer took maybe six months from zip
from first month with a sit that's when
we were scrambling trying to get more
work but we can you explain that what
you mean by that like from tractor
producer like yeah so alright so you're
just starting out once you put your
track guarantees for everyone they
listen to your music they like the music
but it takes a while before people
really find out who did the records but
you have to read credits now can you
credits so it would so that was one of
pups our ideas he was like you know we
got to do we got to do publicity we got
to hire a publicist we have to put
ourselves out and let them know that we
did this stuff you know we get more
money we'll get more work so that was
another one of his kind that's why I
respect that man so much he had so many
plans and all these plans always work
and I said well let's do this publicity
thing let's try a publicist so we did
that and that's when everything went to
the next level production fees doubled
or tripled and everyone started really
knowing about us and started recognizing
us we were and Billboard magazine we
were my first interview wasn't build
what am i doing
it was like a full page and I have have
it on my wall right there so that was I
took about six months to a year and from
from from that after the first six
months that's when it really became my
career because I got one check when I
first started I didn't get another check
until maybe a few months later and then
I doesn't start getting steady checks
until maybe they're eight to eight
months to a year that's what it really
became a career so like 22 years old
that's when I said music is my career
I'm I'm making a shitload of money now
from three like $3,500 per track then it
went up to 15,000 then I went to 25,000
miles per check all within a year did
you uh did you have like a side job or
anything why when you first started to
get a producing or were you going like
all in like living with your mom or
whatever they're friends and just huh
yeah now I have a side job but then I'm
going all and I remember the day I went
on I went to rollin and I did it while I
was young and I don't regret it you know
that's what I learned how to cook
because you know living on my own is
cheaper to go to the store and cook your
own food I learned a lot of survival
tactics back then just you know how to
how to maintain ourselves and yeah it
was it was pretty hard and imagine being
older and making that transition from an
employee to an entrepreneur
sorry very scary scary scary but when
you're young you don't care mind
sleeping on the couch or sleeping on a
chair or whatever because I was living
on my own since other team yeah I
especially feel like a family or
something too
I'm curious ah this is kind of like a
lot of celebrity as to people like have
to deal with this when you go from like
working normal jobs just starting to
like make like a lot of money in like
short spurts right did you have like a
pretty good like sense of like finances
back then or were you like did you have
trouble for your first year or two like
blowing through like all of your money
or I'm just curious out of that work
yeah no sense of Finance anyone at 21
years old would you make a lot of money
at 22 years old when you make a lot of
money regardless of if you do have sense
of Finance
you're still gonna blow a lot of money
because there are a lot of things that
you want to do in life you just want to
get it all done yeah you know and that's
what it that's what happened like there
are a lot of keyboards I went to buy
there was a lot of toys that I want to
buy growing up and everything dump [ __ ]
I just bought I said before if I started
producing I said I think it's done spend
$5,000 on a watch you would do that I
would never do that and so that she can
check what a Rolex I never said no I did
a when I my first year and streaming I
look back at like how horrible I was
with my money it was it was disgusting
yeah I agree 100%
yeah I guess maybe yeah I mean well be
well I say well yeah it's fun if you
continue to make it but like if you blow
everything initially and then you don't
go farther you probably feel pretty bad
about it right did you ever um I'm just
curious did you ever have like like envy
of rappers did you ever want to like get
into rapping or were you happy doing the
production set of things I'm so happy I
never want to be know like never I rap I
mean actually I have an album that I did
but I've never released it but a lot of
people like music my songs it was on the
radio before actually and actually puff
heard it and so he heard he called me
said you happen now no like it was just
a fun project and it's like the second
things said who you signed to give me a
record deal man kind of saw me so I am I
was wonderful fun okay I don't want to
get an artist I don't want to burn a
record deal well what what is the this
might be the next section thing but I'm
very interested in the mechanics of the
financial world of basically if you're
an
becoming artists and you sell an album
where is the real breakdown of where
that money is going and everything along
those lines like that's really kind of
it seems like it's gotten worse for the
artists as time has gone on we read
depends on the type of deal you strike
and several types of deals when you sign
to a little booth you're signing away
your the purpose of the deal is for the
lid able to acquire your masters master
ownership a master is a song a physical
um they can have the copyright of the
Sun it's happy birthday song yes you
don't know that anymore
yeah as an artist you relinquish that
right or you and you sign it away once
you signed a record deal and that's why
they give you a lot of money so you're
working and you're basically you're
basically uh promoting that master but
stay on you know you're promoting
yourself as well because you get to do
shows but at the same time I'm a music
that you're performing so whenever it
gets changed or whenever it gets sold
they can they keep the revenue or they
keep the bulk of the revenue probably
ninety percent of the revenue and ninety
percent yeah a ninety percent well when
you sign one of these deals I assume
that you're getting some it must be some
huge upfront payment or something that's
you know why would an artist agree to
this it's always driven by pain so they
know this the labels labels know this
and they will offer you peanuts they
will offer you the average advance from
when I started the industry until now
was twenty five twenty five thousand
dollars that's just your advance to
fifty thousand dollars and then that
biggest advance I ever saw was like two
hundred fifty thousand dollars that's
just an advance against your royalties
so they advance you money that you
eventually gonna make anyway so they
advance you the money and then for that
advancement for them and you know
putting your producing your album and
putting it out marketing for money yet
they get you on your masters I'm gonna
it's probably a lot somewhat how it was
to draw into my life for like video
games like eSports the reasons why a lot
of these people would sign these really
[ __ ] contracts I'm looking back now
you'd be like dude like you're worth you
know like seven figures to this company
why are you signing on for like five
grand a month
a lot of these people I'm guessing
especially like in and like music don't
realize how much this stuff is worth
right you've got people that made no
money and all of a sudden you know some
guy in a suit is offering them yo here's
a thirty thousand dollar check for your
you know for your albums and it's like
oh damn like hell yeah I'll sign that
and it seems like a lot of money you
don't realize this guy's literally gonna
make tens of millions of dollars
sometimes off of the roughly [ __ ] you
sell yeah III wonder of that how much of
it is talent meaning so let's say that
you you know let's say you were Bieber
who was like discovered off of youtube
right yeah so if you're one of those
guys and someone comes to you and says
hey I want to make you a star I'm gonna
take 90% of your royalties and you get
ten percent here's 50 grand how much
power do you have you know even if you
have good music even if you're you know
getting some viral traction to be like
now I'm not gonna do it and they say
okay I'm gonna [ __ ] I'll just go find
the next kid and make him a fan you know
make him famous right you have to take
these deals to get ahead no right now
you don't have to before you would have
to because before you needed a record
label because there weren't platforms to
promote they weren't a platform where
you can upload your self there wasn't
YouTube
there wasn't even myspace where a lot of
you a lot of people who were found on
MySpace so you didn't have my species
and have Instagram social media nothing
we didn't have internet so you would
have to go through a lady go back then
it was like didn't you live and die on
like radio play back then like yeah
because everything is fresh you it was
we have to go to radio and I mean you
have to go to a label because the label
had connections with all the radio
stations the first thing second thing is
distribution physical distribution there
was no such thing as streaming or
digital stores do you feel didn't exist
so we would have to go to Sam Goody
characters or Best Buy
so how would you deliver your material
your records there to sell you couldn't
go there with it in your trunk they
wouldn't buy it you have to go through
sales department their sales department
located in the Midwest and you would
have to pitch your project to the store
buyers they will buy it and all their
stores throughout the US so that's how
records are were distributed so you
always had to go through a label back
then in order to get signed if not you
would definitely just sell records area
which is which is totally fine because a
lot of artists did that versus sex
success fools like cash money get that
Master P was a huge success and so
records out of his trunk DJ Clue they
did that and I actually see they
actually have records of CDs at nanchang
and they will pull up and some labels or
wherever from the parties and pop did
really it was really funny on people
nothing is available just because of
streaming so yeah so now you have the
option to say no I don't want to sign
that do you think you would be
disadvantaged so like hypothetically
let's say that there is a Bieber out
there today who's getting really popular
on YouTube and then you have someone
really successful saying hey I want to
sign you to my label do you still think
it makes more sense to go and go down
that route even though maybe you can get
a better deal if you grow yourself
naturally via SoundCloud or YouTube or
whatever but maybe it's just better to
say [ __ ] it let me become another
product under the you know Sony Music
label or whatever it is your heart that
way what if you believe in yourself
that's the first one the second thing is
is creating enough buzz or attraction so
you can have leverage so once you have
leverage then you can stripe the type of
deal you want you get the other
companies competing off each other basic
yes besides the bidding war is a great
great thing to have but then also you
can become you can make creative deals
I've seen deals where labels only own
your masters for 10 years and then it
reverts back to you the ownership those
are the best deals our deal with the
reversion with the master inversion so
they only own it are they basically
licensed your masters for 10 years and
then it comes back to you and you own it
after 10 years and they give you a
shitload of money up front like millions
if you did get if you make I'll create
that type of attraction or leverage and
that's great and that's what I suggest
all artists do because those deals exist
and I know firsthand three artists who
have struck those deals and they own
their masters and they get a ton of
money upfront and
label makes as much money as they can
from those masters within a 10-year
period or whatever period initial period
they give them and then every verse back
to the parsed so okay so obviously
that's in the very rare case of where
you're like you have phenomenal leverage
you're super popular already most people
that are probably watching this or you
know do music are interesting and
discovered that's not gonna be them to
be realistic so let's say that you
aren't a quote-unquote beaver trying to
come up what is your best bet
obviously you probably want to get you
know rapped by a label because it thinks
it's gonna get your stuff more exposure
or things along those lines like what
what do you do if you're good but you
know not beatles good type of thing you
know well it's your direction we have a
ton of those artists on soundcloud right
now and Spotify I love the independent
artists the indie artists that's one of
the reasons I teach that course I allow
you to that's a grad class I teach music
entrepreneurship and this is a book that
I wrote also so that's on my website
yeah well so link out all of these after
the shows well so that was music and
yeah a bit becoming entrepreneur the
music business so you got to understand
first of all than artists you're an
entrepreneur a lot of people don't
realize it they think it's just art but
no you're really a business you are
brand
you shouldn't even look at yourself as a
person unless you're like a can of soda
all right now how can you advance this
product which is promotion how can you
advance yourself and then how do you
market yourself market marketing is
creating a demand for your that product
now how do you create a demand for
yourself once you figure that out and
realize that you are a product then it
could become very lucrative so I suggest
all artists need and the artists need to
be informed and I support the end of the
artists 1,000% you don't need labels you
do not need labels I I suggest that all
the time what happens is now you see all
these artists that are on major labels
because they start out as an indie and
they build attraction like we just spoke
about and then the major labels approach
them and then they really get what they
want and some just don't really care
because they think oh I'm with a label
now I get in leverage and people taking
more see
now I get more clout and they get to go
to label and take pictures with on the
Instagram so you want to be that type of
artist cool they'll run right through
you take advantage of you and um you
know but I advise you to do your
research as a new artist I you do your
research and definitely understand your
value understand your work do you ever
watch um do you watch people on YouTube
they talk about like music or the music
industry or anything or are you kind of
disconnected from that yeah I don't I
have I do master classes all around the
world about this stuff so I have a bunch
of those videos on it on YouTube about
about the same stuff that we speaking
about gotcha that's like one of my one
of the really frustrating things about a
lot of like art schools is it like um
they don't spend enough time sometimes
teaching you like how do you actually
make money with whatever art it is he
studying cuz I you know like you said
like you really are once you get into
art you know a lot of the work you do is
contract work a lot of the promotion you
have to do is for yourself and a lot of
people don't go over you know like you
can go through a lot of like music
school and get you know your full degree
even in performance and you'll never
take a class on like gigging right
you're like you'll never have to be
rolling 40 charts to like go and play
you know it's like - like how are you
gonna make money like you know that's
yeah exactly
that's one of the things that we do a
lot you we just watched your music
technology and entrepreneurship program
undergrad we offer BFA and I want the
professors there and the class that I
teach well one of my only grad classes
semester was music entrepreneurship so
we get the students ready for the real
world music industry and you know I like
to teach when things don't go right
because that's the only way you're gonna
become successful with survive because a
lot of professors only teach by the book
or how it should work but that's not
always the case when you're in the real
world [ __ ] never goes the same way it
never goes right that's planned so what
do you do when it doesn't go right the
freak out or do you find a solution well
I think an interesting thing here is
those for a lot of people the idea is to
become a master of your craft and then
the stuff that you're not good at pass
off to other people but it's almost like
you're kind of saying that no like no
you can't do that you can't be [ __ ] at
marketing yourself you have to
but it's it's it's interesting because I
feel like it's probably romanticized
being I mean as a musician or an artist
that your your stuff is so good it will
stand on its own and you'll never have
to spend a second thinking about the
business aspects and you're saying that
no matter what the case even if you hire
a label or you don't that you have to
put some of your mental mindshare into
that yeah is 80% business actually it's
the music business music is only what
you sell but the other 80% is the
marketing and promotion and and the
deals that are going on and everyone
fighting for their share of the pie but
what are they fighting for the small
piece of music there's a copyright so
one of my flock what I say a lot is
music industry is driven by two things
talent and ownership talent is the
person that can create ownership meaning
that it's a master or sazon so they
either fighting over the talent or
they're fighting over the copyright and
if you don't have talent or if you don't
have a copyright then you're nothing and
you're only gonna be short-lived the
music industry so when people realize
that and understand that and use that
concept then they'll become more
creative or they'll understand that my
creativity is very valuable cause if I
don't have this then what am i what do
they want I'm not an asset I become a
liability and ownership if you don't own
anything then you're just renting
basically it's like you know you don't
know anything so no one is going to want
you for anything
I was gonna say that we've seen there's
definitely some artists I'm sure you
know some that just havin to almost like
no musical talent like everything's Auto
Tunes like anyone could do it but
because they have so much business sense
and marketing themselves in the way that
they look that they're way more
successful than someone who could
genuine talent right exactly that's
1000% occation yes I've seen a lot of
artists when you see a lot of one-hit
wonders it's because they don't have the
business sense and they're fighting with
their label or they're fighting with
someone that handled it their business
and you're when you know you don't have
a business and when you article in the
real mind then you need to find someone
or a part in them
to become your manager or partner within
your corporation or company jack
everyone needs apartment and it's it's
impossible to do it by yourself and a
lot of people just build up so many
their egos so big after they get their
first little bit of success and then
everyone leaves and then they never come
out again and that happens so many times
and I've watched it so many times my
watch artists kill their careers just
because you know they're trying to fix
something that's not broken and then
they get shelved and no one must work
with them nothing is really interested
you think that that one shot wonders
that most of these guys could have had
other successful albums and other hits
but they just sucked at business or
their management I mean I guess I
haven't thought they don't listen they
don't like to listen to so like they
once they get to success then they think
that they got it by themselves well no
it took a team it took all of us helping
you say all right you need to do this
don't say there's wear this don't walk
like this don't do this interview so it
takes a chain to guide you through all
this stuff and then once you get it then
you think you made it on your own and
you want to get rid of everyone and do
things your way so do things your way
and it doesn't work and what happens
your problem just flopped and no one
wants to work with you anymore and that
happens all the time and then they want
to blame the person that tried to help
them and they say it's his fault
then they said he robbed me oh he did
this like no one told you to sign the
contract we were so thirsty to get on
you wanted to sign whatever and you
signed it now you're on you did what you
had to do you blew up and then your
second that one's a lot and then you
want to blame everyone so when people
were really in on social media it's
funny because when they just put that on
social media normally ask questions they
just believe the first thing we see so
if you really dig into all these cases
I'm quite sure a big percentage of that
those issues are the artists fault man
nah it's that's like an a really that's
a really hot take a lot of people get
really upset at that but I used to do
the same [ __ ] back in back in the early
days of like my industry like this
online streaming [ __ ] you know there are
companies have you ever heard of a
company called machinima maybe probably
not
oh no no baby they basically they sign a
whole bunch of people
contracts were super [ __ ] and a lot of
people got really upset that um that
these contracts were so abusive to the
creators and all I remember is like some
of these contracts got ripple leaked and
I would like read through these things
anybody why the [ __ ] were you signing
this what the [ __ ] were you thinking
like people were signing contracts that
existed for like all four into
perpetuity they were signing contracts
that were like infinite cards with no
auto renewals or anyway they just were
signing forever like signing away like
their their their intellectual property
and everything like the videos they made
and I just like read through something's
like what the [ __ ] is wrong with you why
would you do this and yeah it blew my
mind that's the key word perpetuity a
lot of people don't realize that's the
most important word because that will
create residual income if you well it
will not create residual income if you
relinquishing or Conaway well well it's
just not creating it for you it's for
the people that I own it kinda sucks and
to see those contracts and someone to
put perpetuity in this because not a
license agreement for a synchronization
for a film or TV someone to put
perpetuity and a deal to own your stuff
is kind of sucks is that is that the
most common deal if you if you had to
say what are 90% of music label deals
what do they look like if you're not
again like there's losses there one
thing is they're always pretty much
exclusive exclusivity is is key and it
makes sense because you wouldn't want to
invest all your money in your time to a
to a project or to an artist and they
sign somewhere else so exclusivity is
standard because you're putting a lot of
you know money and time to it so well
sure I would expect that but what about
like terms as far as like do they is it
typical that they own your copyright for
forever yes so they will have your
masters forever that's the most likely
things every song you make you actually
don't own you just got them cent of it
yeah well we actually um oh man
who was it was it um oh man I wish I
remember was it Bruce Springsteen I
think Donald Trump played someone
a song at a rally I want to say was that
born in the US a song and somebody I and
I somebody got on Twitter and they were
like hey you can't play my songs
actually I don't give you the right to
do that like I want to take this back
and it was it Willie Nelson I don't
remember and then you know later came
out like well he actually doesn't even
own the copyright to his music I don't
know why he's saying like he actually is
no saying that whatsoever and these are
songs that were like decades old yeah so
yeah it could be played in a public
forum because the forum actually
acquires the license which is called a
public performance license and they can
play whatever they want yeah yeah but I
mean like the well the artists
themselves don't even have a say over
right because it's a blazing company
that they sold the masters to they have
a say on whether or not yeah so whenever
we see this stuff about you know Trump
played this song without permission and
I'm suing them it's much more likely the
cases that they don't need your
permission because they just got some
performance license and everyone's you
know not smart about it from the country
exactly no they came now they can limit
the usage if they try to televise it or
rebroadcast so there are a lot of
stipulations to it but then for the news
is fair usage or fair use so then NASA's
deadline to what's considered fair use
because the news can actually play music
without requiring a license and put it
under fair use mm-hmm so what's
considered fair use so that you know I'm
not a copyright attorney I just know
what to do what not to do but I know
that they're protected the venue's are
protected supermarkets are protected
everywhere you hit public music they
have a license to play it and we get a
check for it as a sovereign I get my
check every quarter I have one thing I
read about that's kind of interesting is
in the film industry specifically there
is a lot of shenanigans that they pull
in order to not pay Chartists right and
what they do is they they basically use
a lot of the marketing budget and things
along those lines to basically take away
from the profits of what they do so you
might have a movie that they spend
twenty million dollars creating that
movie and that movie will go and do a
hundred million in ticket sales but what
they'll do is they'll end up taking all
of that revenue and attributing the
marketing and things like that so I'm
curious within the music industry if
you find that record labels are trying
to [ __ ] with the artists pay or anything
along those lines is that comment or
yeah yeah well it's pretty much the same
thing well the music industry is is the
artist very rarely will see you
royalties for their record sales very
rare because the label will charge back
want everything 100% of whatever a dime
is spent to further their career from
market all the marketing dollars almost
ten dollars a back when we had to get
CDs and paid the manufacturing
duplication the artwork the shrink-wrap
the shipping all of those stuff gets
discharged back so at the end of the day
if you're getting $50,000 advance which
is very small and your album costs
$250,000 and maybe you figure that's
three hundred thousand already that's
only a small that's probably only 20% of
what the labels gonna actually gonna say
they gonna pay so they can create all of
these figures and make and just keep you
in the red forever and that's what
usually happens and then you do a second
album and you still haven't recouped
from the first album so now you're in
the red now you're gonna go in the red
two times that amount so we're getting
in those type of deals it really sucks
especially from a business manager and
after you were on that label for so long
then it is very hard to get out because
you're so and get with this label and
you actually can Oh money is what you're
saying yeah yeah most artists do owe
money wait really
yeah it's not like they're gonna put on
your credit report you you do all the
money if you're in a deal where you have
to be cool but not that's when you hear
that saying that this label bought this
other artist out because they pay their
debt there in the red three hundred four
hundred thousand dollars they pay the
debt and they let them go if not they'll
they'll keep you until they be cool but
you can get out of deals if you put
certain verbiage in your contract and
yet the lawyer wouldn't know the
verbiage exact verbiage to put in but
yeah you don't want to you know you you
want to exercise your next option when
we're worn with
out being recoup believing pooped those
are some things you should also look out
forward to new artists that assignment
it is definitely check out what should
we Cooper ball and what's not what's
recoupable because they can say
everything to they can say anything they
do will be capable phone calls so you
have to know exactly what you're paying
for and not just get happy because you
get a check or client because that one
check is it has a lot of things attached
to it so I'm kind of curious we kind of
talked about this a little bit earlier
do you think that um do you get the
feeling right now that music is like a
lot more commercialized than it used to
be they're like everybody today for like
mainstream stuff I guess like there's a
lot of closure that exists like on
YouTube and SoundCloud and stuff but for
like the mainstream stuff that hits like
the radios do you feel like people are
like hyper focused on all trying to like
hone in on a certain sound rather than
kind of like create their own cool stuff
or unique stuff anymore yeah yeah well
let's consider that's an industry term
we call commercially satisfactory where
your song sounds comparable to
everything else it's out but a lot of
kids are doing it now because they don't
know better because they're trying to
mimic someone else we I do it as a other
producer as a professional producer
because that's what it is in my contract
as a producer to provide music that
sounds sonically just like 100 90
percent of the material that's out or
the Steamship emotionally satisfactory
so it needs to sound the same and it
needs to feel the same quality of it but
there are some people that actually take
a song put it in a studio and mimic
everything and also on the top of that
and I was just explaining this to a
student on more Friday on Thursday that
sound kits are shared and sold we never
did that so sound kits as a producer
your sound is your identity that's your
secret weapon so if you're sharing that
now was not just one two three people
but if you put on the Internet
making it accessible to everyone in the
world that everyone else can take your
exact sounds and do your same pattern
and then clone your beat so that's
happening is
because the people that make the sound
kiss they're like oh yeah by the sound
could this sound kick was used by XYZ
producer and this sound kid was in the
top 50 songs and instead of saying no I
don't want to buy it because I want to
be original these kids are saying yeah I
want to buy it so I can make a song that
sounds like them so maybe I can get in
the top 50 I'm curious especially I
would say in the hip hop a lot of the
stuff that comes out is so what I would
view as dependent on on the beats that
are behind the vocal track what what the
people that are doing this are they even
remotely as close to compensated as the
the vocal the vocalists in this or is it
like not even not even there no they're
not the people that are making the beats
that sometimes just getting robbed there
you're doing it and sometimes they
charge $50 net charge sometimes I've
seen beats as low as $0.99 and I said
that to my producer friends that we
laugh and we laugh like wow this product
this music industry and really come to
people song beats for 99 cents so
they're doing that to just try and find
their way in the industry well it's just
it's interesting because you would like
a lot of like the greatest hip hop hip
hop songs are like so dependent it's not
even like the vocals on some of the best
ones are obviously great but it's like
the beat is what makes this song and to
think that like yeah you have no idea
who did that or what you know it wasn't
a biggie that was back there and the
synthesizer doing this [ __ ] it was like
you know some unknown dude in this green
yeah yeah yeah it definitely is it's all
music driven it's all beat driven it's
been proven now you're gonna have
horrible rappers and give them a hot
beat and then they become it becomes a
hot song cuz I think the day we saw
songs we don't sell beats and we don't
sell just lyrics you never heard
commercially in acapella rap record and
you never heard in an instrumental beat
song played on radio so those aren't
songs although just tracks and lyrics
and then we have to sell song so it does
it's a lot of times the beat is more
powerful in our ways the vocal ability
but when you package it together comes
out to a great song and there are a lot
of artists that do songs like that that
cannot wrap on all types of beats they
have to wrap on something that's
so hot that anybody grew up on it and
become a hit do you think it's gotten
more today where people are trying to
get like these conforming songs it
sounds to what everybody else is do you
think it's always kind of been like that
no it's happening like that anymore
because the internet the internet is
allowing people to share files just fast
over in the world so when I travel when
I go to France and and and teach that on
every road institute and I hear beats
from people that sound like something
that I just heard in New York the day
before it's like so the culture is
pretty much being spread out and they're
just putting their interpretation on it
I'm totally fine with that I love it
because if I we we know I mean if I was
just just an art form is just a way of
expression but it's cool that it's just
so huge right now
but yeah it's files are being shared and
people are selling their files people
are selling their files to try to make
money and they will sell them for like
from five bucks to maybe $40 for a sound
kid the sound kid has been used by
probably hundreds of producers and they
just recycle and reuse them assume there
has to be people in this industry that
you know like Kanye's not buying his
stuff for $15 I hope I mean I don't know
like he had that thing with him reusing
some song from a long time ago but like
you know this currently I'll trust me
Kanye is old-school just like myself so
we not to make our own sound kiss a lot
of new producers done but you knew your
silence so we make our own sound kids
but at the same time I'm quite sure he
does own those $15 sounds it's too I'm
quite sure he does only because when
you're looking for the perfect sounds
for your record you're kicking your
snare you go through anywhere and
anything really is if it fits and this
is perfect and that's the job of a
producer that's a perfectionist and you
want to make sure that it's the right
kick for your sound and I know his
producers have him I know his producers
so they use
all sound sound cubes and they even make
their hometown kits too so it's kind of
weird everyone just basically share
sounds yeah I think something a lot of
people don't realize I can't talk about
this earlier but back you know
especially before the the 2000s like
there are certain sounds that became
like heavily associated with certain
music because there were like certain
since like actual physical sense that
were actually popular and if you wanted
that sound you had to actually like buy
a piece of hardware that you would take
to like your studio to record out up and
[ __ ] yeah yeah like whereas today you
know like you can have like a whole
rooms full of [ __ ] like just loaded on
your computer so I totally I get why
people would sell like those sound kits
because if you didn't like people would
rip it anyway right I mean people would
be a more they got what you're using it
and copy it and sell it otherwise so yep
you know yes everyone is everything
that's just shareable right now and with
the speed of the internet it's just
these hi big file sizes just shared like
real quick and and everyone's using them
everyone and now they're doing something
new now there are people that are
actually getting producer credits that
are not even on keep producing there are
some sound kick designers that have in
their download page they have they
require royalties they require quick
credit and they say if you use this
sound kit that we all need to get
credited as a co-producer and some
designers are actually giving
co-production credits and winning
Grammys and stuff like that which is uh
which is totally new and it's kind of
kind of weird to me because it really
the credit it's all about the credit
yeah it seems like it's really cool that
like it's it seems like there's like
more focus today on producers the then
there used to be a thing I mean I don't
know at least I see people like Rick
Rubin and [ __ ] are like people seem to I
guess be a little bit more aware of
these people especially cuz a lot of the
labels are kind of like ran by actual
like rappers and [ __ ] now at least at
least for hip-hop it seems that's true
do you think I will work that like
producers probably get a little bit more
credit today than they used to like a
lot of people
seemed to talk about like producers
today yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
definitely definitely that's 1,000
percent accurate and you know this and
actually read that too definitely social
media crochet definitely you know people
are just you know you can communicate
with people easy very easy and that's
and you you know you want have a [ __ ] to
talk about so then you start talking
about producers little yachty or
something well you're not are you not a
fan of lil yachty then oh yeah yeah he
unblocked me and stuff it actually was
weird because he performed at the
University on Thursday and I was there
but I didn't go to the performance I had
class I taught my class and I left some
of the students wanted to go but I was
like and they were looking at my tweet
Twitter and he was mad wait wait can you
sell for those that don't know wait can
you fill us it on this yeah it was
something it was a video that I posted
on Facebook and Funkmaster Flex you know
the big DJ in New York he copied it took
a screenshot and put it on his Instagram
copyright thief hate and he had my whole
caption on it and then it just got it
that little clip right there went viral
and then after that then on Twitter I
said the safest thing on Twitter and
then his fans just kind of got up and
they started roasting and [ __ ] calling
Halen all that stuff damn okay and I
said yo I said yeah I said all right
books mean you need to read my books
they're gonna put the mic down and stop
rapping he said go [ __ ] your books
I said yeah stop rapping please me and I
said please what's our what's our next
topic well I guess like yeah so kind of
tied into this you kind of talk about a
little bit what are like some of the
major differences that you see in terms
of how the industry functions today
compared to how it used to like 20 or 30
years ago like what are some things you
think have gotten better what are some
things I think have gotten worse what
are some things that are just different
this all works actually because when I
look at music industry being a creator I
look at it I like being barred
isn't run on art it doesn't run on art
at all way less than before no numbers
it runs more numbers now because of
these platforms from Instagram
YouTube's a clan Spotify
so you know they these are these uh
discovery programs are these discovery
companies just read analytics and they
determined who's gonna be the next
superstar from following trends and they
take that data and the labels buy that
data so then the labels will actually
start looking at people and offering
deals to the next up-and-coming you know
contingent on they're depending on their
on their numbers depending on their
metrics yeah and that doesn't
necessarily mean they're hot right
because it it just means that you know
that they're marketing themselves and
promoting themselves you know and taking
advantage of this internet thing and
just and just going all out so it in one
of the ways and one of the things that
how we used to sign artists back in 90s
and early 2000 was by feeling you know
if you have you may not have a lot of
songs you know we have a song but if we
feel you
if we feel that you could become a great
artist will sign you mm-hmm without
anything out without any followers
without social media without a lot of
friends yeah no not a famous SoundCloud
or whatever and yeah you cog mean that
stuff didn't exist me so it's like if
you're you feel good we sign you know
you're good you're not getting signed
how many friends do you have how many
followers do you have
when that was the first question that
was asked by label that's what I knew
that the industry was was starting to
transform when they asked how many
followers you have instead of how many
songs you have this is kind of like um
this is sort of related
have you ever heard oh god I don't know
how to present is it Dave Grohl is that
a you pronounce his last name
from fighters yeah the Foo Fighters got
yeah hey do you ever do watch how love
like that like the talent singing
programs and everything like that like
America's Got Talent or Britain's Got
Talent
yeah was very very rare I watched it
briefly like I wasn't really into it too
much I'm not like a TV guy would uh-huh
do you like an opinion on that kind of
stuff did you feel strongly about it at
all or yes done for ratings of course we
know jump ratings well yes all the
people have talent and I saw some people
that audition for that I knew that way
more talented than a lot of those other
people but then they don't have the
stories to go with it yeah so if they
don't have the stories and is not
entertaining to the average person
sitting there and watching TV so then
they say you know what you know what we
don't really care about the talent we
care about entertainment and this person
has a better story and you know that's
what when you cry on TV they love it
they never cry they love when you argue
or cry or show any type of emotion for
sure I I'm just
I remember the Dave came out and he had
like this huge he had this huge like
diaphragm against it where he was
basically saying that like people are
it's kind of like we're talking about
now like people like hardcore commodify
music and that like back in the day you
would get a bunch of kids together like
in a garage and you just play rock music
and you'd have fun and then you know you
kind of grow from there but nowadays
everybody's like trying to like make it
on the internet or make it on like a
talent show or you know do something
like the whole the kind of the
environment around a lot about starting
music stuff is so much different than it
used to be yeah definitely I mean it was
a more of a vibe it was all about vibe
that's what hip-hop was about it was
about vibe and now is just so sterile
and it's not about her vibe at all and
that's why I scrutinize a lot of people
that just come into the hip-hop genre
and just say they were hip-hop in their
rappers and you know and don't even
really know anything about hip-hop wait
I'm coming you say that what do you mean
by that don't even know that you know
the foundation of hip-hop what it
represents it's just that you know they
put 800 weeks or you have hip-hop drum
sounds and you call it a hip-hop record
when you know don't even over you are
of hip-hop don't even know rappers
successful rappers that wherever for
them
nah the rappers out now today don't know
the big rappers from the 90s a lot of
them I know so I understand it's a
different generation but you know if
you're planning on pursuing a career in
whatever field you should also do your
research and listen or are do due
diligence that to to to you know
discover who was big before you how much
of of the desire for people to become
rappers do you think is based off of the
perceived lifestyle that's lived as a
result of that versus like genuinely
having a passion for music is heavily
driven by that really mostly
so it's literally like music videos that
like drive this versus the music itself
how's the Instagram Instagram
everyone wants you know there's no
reason to walk around with 20 $50,000
cash you know in the end yeah yeah yeah
yeah what they continue to take pictures
and video with it and are you are you
saying so some of these guys who did
that I mean obviously they're pretty
well-known rappers like do you think
that like of these guys like most of
them actually aren't I mean I don't
wanna say obviously they're not as
wealthy as they portray but like how
broke are these top guys that we know
the names of like obviously there's the
kind of jokes like DMX you know
supposedly doesn't have any money or
anything along those lines but it is you
kind of the assumption was these guys
are celebrities they're all gonna be
pretty wealthy they've been successful
yeah well you can just look for yourself
those that have money but we show it and
the hoes that show it don't really have
the money you know yeah it was
interesting Diddy and dr. Dre both huge
entrepreneurial just breakouts there
right like Eddie I could be wrong but
I'm pretty sure that most of his wealth
and his income has nothing to do with
him as a rapper and exactly yeah yeah
yeah and then people don't know this
they're like hey do you know about Diddy
I don't know those that rapper who was
you know popular ten years ago like no
like this dude owns like a ton of [ __ ]
he has a building
downtown Manhattan like and you have no
idea like it's crazy ya know that's
definitely true great he says he's lucky
a true entrepreneur and he already knew
back then music was just a stepping
stone and a tool in a vehicle saw
something else musically as always I'm
not gonna say it's always been like that
but it slowly emerged into becoming a
tool just to sell something else
so sells everything besides itself music
doesn't sound music music we used to
sell like this book for example so I'll
give you an example
buy this look and you'll get this free
song Connie does it all the time
everyone markets and packaged their
music with product oh like for a title
yeah I don't own or my time at life of
Pablo whatever it was a lot that was
that was the album that Kanye was trying
to push it as an exclusive one title
right I mean it even goes as far back as
with French Prince um gave away French
packaged his CDs with his shows and you
buy a concert ticket then you get a CD
and then it's recognized by RIAA as a
record sale wait what's the Prince
didn't you do one of the craziest
licensing things of all time because I
remember like to this day you can't
watch anything from Prince like on
YouTube or streaming or anything it's
like kind of you know oh yeah yeah yeah
yeah this is weird I don't really know
about the extent of it I know his
attorney actually but I don't never
really ask I never really questioned it
but I know yeah he that's one thing
about and that's a great case study of
ownership and you own your stuff you can
tell you can you you can do whatever you
want to with it you can control your
name you like this you can control your
music your copyright and he's a great
example of ownership and why should you
retain your ownership
wait did you know did Prince start off
with that mentality or was that like
after he'd already become big though I'm
just carrying I think I think he I think
he started like that no well you know
what no I think he changed because he
had a fight with won't with it with
Warner Brothers over there so he did
sign away some stuff when he got it back
yeah and so I don't think he started out
like that I feel like I
I could be wrong just cuz I don't
don't follow obvious closely some people
but I feel like there are a lot of
stories like that where somebody after
their like first or second album they
realize they've been getting like
completely [ __ ] by either an agent or
by someone else that they're working
with and then they have like that huge
falling out and it becomes like a like a
point of drama between like a either a
rapper or producer or some label with
somebody or whatever yeah yeah yeah
definitely all the folks I was just
thinking about the Principia should know
was a good question because I remember
you got my wheels turn I remember when
they had it was fighting for brothers so
I think he yeah he got screwed into a
bad deal originally and then changed it
but yeah so so let me ask you this so
you're obviously I would say like an
expert in you know just this hip-hop
production of basically from now to the
air sorry from the pasture now what has
happened with a lot of the older guys
that pioneered the industry are they
still involved are they be like a
driving force behind some of the newer
ones I know are they just gone ya know a
lot a lot of the pioneers or don't
really accept what a lot of new calves
and cats are doing
that's from what I see they are involved
still in hip-hop they are involved on an
academia level teaching the youth and
they're involved in the community and I
mean that's what really hip-hop is based
a big part of what hip-hop is based on
in your community and so they're they're
true hip-hop has and they still continue
to do that they may not be making this
much the money like these kids are doing
now but they don't really appreciate a
lot of the stuff and a lot of the young
kids are really going at their heads
like you know like this and all of the
old-school cats just coming straight off
the top just so disrespectful it's like
the kids today and just a different
level in then how we were coming up
today you know there's no filter at all
you know I think that's because they
grow up and you know the computer age
where they just used to just talking
records behind a keyboard and it just
looks so comfortable with doing that and
that's what they do but they don't
really say that in person but yeah it
happens all the time in its own
as far as income goes obviously it
sounds like streaming income is nothing
I'm getting plays from streaming is
nothing I'm not for home sale
what's that not for an artist if you're
an indie streaming is a billion
multi-billion dollar industry I'd like
you don't realize it's not like most of
the revenue for artists that are
somewhat successful is coming from
touring at this point is that still poor
yeah trolling yes we're streaming I just
wanna I just wanna let everyone know
that you know all these Indies that are
watching you can live on your own and
support yourself from streaming or
Spotify really yeah yes you can I know
there are songs out what's the song
become successful you can generate
easily five six thousand dollars a month
just an average which in between there
are artists now most of the indie
artists in the now and making that much
money isn't that's like a you have to
have a lot of spins to do that though
right to pull those kinds of thing yeah
I can show you one of my statements it's
in the room I can tell you the amount of
skins and how much money comes in every
month well I don't have to say anything
specific to you if you're not
comfortable like let's say you can get
like a million spins on a track like
over the course of like a year like what
would you expect something like that
million is low yeah of course a million
is low but we're talking about you know
when we when you're going through a
digital distributor you're not just
based on you're not just talking about
streams from Spotify we're talking about
all of the ESPYs all stop so those
accumulate okay especially once you get
a successful record or so on and then
that's just one song now imagine getting
several songs that are successful money
will accumulate and can and you can
actually rake in thousands of dollars
per month and support yourself and a lot
of these in these indie artists are
doing that so when people say streaming
there's not money in streaming of course
there's not money in streaming if you're
an artist signed to a label because they
take all your training money or to a
songwriter because the stream the the
rates for us the pump the rates the
payout rates are lower then then
how we used to get paid you know from
terrestrial radio I stuff like streaming
rates are totally way lower now you know
there's still money is money in
streaming but if you own your own stuff
as an indie it's good but touring is way
way way more money than it used to be
you know average artists right now hip
hop artists can go out do shows fifty
thousand a night hundred thousand a
night very easily can't get that much
money having one or two hits out you can
get that much money at night so yeah
touring your shows woman lotta money
gotcha do um I guess kind of like
looking at like the the future direction
of where things are going in the music
industry what are some things like
you're worried about and what are some
things you wish would change like if you
if you had like dreams of like how the
music industry would kind of like
progress like how do you I guess how do
you feel about how things are going down
how do you feel about where things are
headed oh I'm worried about the standard
of signing artists now and what has
become the standard is not about talent
anymore you know it's about like what
like marketability here yeah if you're
on TV like lot of Records it's pretty
known for that signing someone that was
on TV or someone that has a following
work and based like the girl from
Danielle whatever there's what she said
catch me outside like Oh like you don't
like me either
we went we had words she blocked me too
so the Atlantic signed her and me that
girl got signed you know she has a lot
of Records there she wanted she she was
nominated for MTV Award and everything
yeah this is like the third her third
year out now I think a second yeah geez
oh yeah so she did a deal it was worth a
lot of her it was worth now you got to
see her at all her views she was one of
my case studies for my granite class
last year and when she got signed and I
told him to give her a year in this just
follow her attraction and we
underestimated her revenue from
streaming or her late though it was
revenue from streaming and
yeah she's doing big big things right
now it's crazy I don't think she's
talented okay I really think she's suck
actually but you know well people said I
was going too hard because she's just a
young girl and I thought about that you
know what she is just a little girl or
whatever but then she opened an office
SL real nasty to me now that respect
your elders do you um I'm kind of
curious it kind related are you familiar
the term influencer yeah how do you have
any opinions about like this kind of
like the influencer culture whatever
online these days or the brand is cool
because you get to promote your stuff a
whole different way and and it's cool it
doesn't work on me I can't be influenced
so I mean I just know those people but
the average consumer yeah influences are
very influential to those type of people
I'm not that impulse shopper over here
you go down the street and see some guys
that say hey keep your scent off and you
go running by it that's what the
influencers demographic I think is
mainly targeted towards those type of
people because I know a beginner seller
I would always have that sign up and
just mark my stuff up keep it something
higher so you know I can't be influenced
by it but I think is I think it's cool
it's really interesting to me the the
people that go like the influencer route
and then become like musicians off of
that because you were already kind of
like have a big following so it's easier
to sell your stuff have you ever heard
of an artist called GOG no oh no okay so
like this is a guy that sells music now
but he got biggest like a youtuber
basically like making comedy [ __ ] and
then he branched off into doing music
and it's just it's kind of interesting
to think that like if you become big on
the internet as like a social-media
influencer type person that you can just
branch off into music and instantly be
more successful than people that have
been like working at it for so much
longer that so it's a really interesting
from a point of view is like when you
see people on especially kids and you
see them on Instagram doing wild stuff
stunts pranks and all that stuff it's
like eventually after following them for
a certain length of time they always
drop a racket or have a
coming up I have a single coming out or
something like that so it's like now a
lot of artists that are real artists
such as coming out doing stunts now
because they're like - trying to market
themselves they're like all right so how
could I create a demand for myself how
can I further my career
all right so cool I have all these rap
songs and no one's hanging like a min
mine don't listen to him yeah let me try
and get someone's attention by doing
crank you try to do a big robbery and no
you don't need get like the big it used
to be vines efficient have you I'm super
curious have you heard of and you don't
have to again I don't I'm not trying to
like beef with people or anything if
you're not have you heard of Logan Paul
no oh man he does Danny like some of his
big things are like our music related
right but then I like a lot of what he
does is not music related am i mix it
was like is that the one who's gonna get
in a boxing match with someone else or
something no no he does like he's got
like he has like rap songs my I use that
term loosely
oh wait that's Jake Paul sorry oh god I
mix these two brothers up all the time
but like Jake Paul does like music that
he also does like a lot of controversial
[ __ ] and he also have like the suicide
forest [ __ ]
we're like these guys like cell music
but then they also do like shock things
on YouTube to like grow their following
so that when they think more songs like
that's how they sell it to all of the
people that they have like following
their [ __ ] or whatever right yeah
because I I mean you're independent they
could do whatever they want but when a
major label supports it that's not the
mission because once the major label
gets behind trash then and then they
start exploiting trash and then that
becomes the standard new standards and
that will hurt the integrity of music
and that's what I that's what I don't
like and that's what I foresee happening
what do you what do you think happens
moving forward as I guess streaming
revenue I assume is going down I believe
right I mean it's taking away from album
sales but where do you think we're gonna
be in like 10 years from now where
people aren't aren't used to paying for
music at all I assume there's gonna be
piracy is gonna be more of an issue like
how are artists going to generate the
revenue is it just gonna be exclusively
touring revenue at that point
hmmm I think music is just gonna become
more of a vehicle and a tool to sell
something else to sell it extent like
yeah it's gonna it's gonna end up
becoming like that and a lot of brands
are now I'm gonna start signing their
own artists because it just costs too
much to license an artist I is
successful already so they're gonna
start signing their own artists like
let's take for example craft micro craft
we click the company or Colgate we're
gonna start creative decisions and and
there some some companies have started
already and they're developing talent
and they're making songs and they're
gonna blow their own stuff up and use
that music to sell their product music
is everywhere so when you look at it and
think about it synchronized with with
every commercial is a reason yeah
everywhere you go you hear music is the
most influential art form so yeah
to invest in the music but at different
capacity that's what's going that's
what's gonna happen eventually
it's crazy how how you know and it's
crazy to me because of hip hop because
hip hop was just something that was just
started so small not even 40 years like
40 years ago
I think it's 40 what yeah and it's
worldwide now and the most influential
most consumed genre music and more than
that the people that come from that end
up becoming like super influential
thinkers music yeah you look at like
people a Kanye West obviously is like
the go-to well or you know you bring up
like people like like like jay-z P Diddy
[ __ ] dr. Dre these guys are all like
almost billionaires like these aren't
guys that are worth millions of dollars
these are guys that are worth like 800
900 million dollars like insane how much
wealth they have behind them now yeah we
have like people that aren't even the
media like that but then we have Will
Smith that has been making movies for 20
minutes or so long so super super duper
stars there is a ton ton of them and
it's kind of cool I think it's kind of
cool we see most of them transition to
something else like the truly successful
ones and end up doing something else
versus just staying doing music the
whole time at least in hip-hop I think
that that's pretty rare yeah
because I mean you don't want to
continue to make rat records saying you
know 57 kind of given up long not giving
up but he's not making music like you
used to and I'm a big fan of 50 actually
but he's in the TV and you know TV shows
and movies and stuff like that so it's
good to venture out and definitely
reinvent yourself and do other things
because you can't rap forever just think
about that you can't rap forever you
have to find once you get in you need to
start looking at an exit plan so no
one's no one's trying to listen to like
the 50 or 60 year old hip-hop guys know
it just won't actually be awkward right
now like I find myself not singing
certain words because of my age of like
you know I can't say that but I have
four sons that are you know one is a
team and they're all like a year apart
so are they all are they all are your
kids interested in doing all music yeah
yeah interesting yeah to some capacity
they're all creative though actually I
have my one of my middle son says I when
we working on now produced by my
youngest one that we're going to release
this summer so I've been holding it for
a while he's graduating from Alabama A&M
in May on May 3rd and he's going on tour
this summer too
he's going on European tour along with
myself starting May 23rd through middle
of June and you're gonna drop his album
around then EP did you make him finish
college or did he choose to do that on
his own yeah well that was one of the
things that he his mom well all of us we
talked about because you know we started
making music before college and his mom
was like really adamant about you know
this all right we're gonna give you X
amount of time to do something with his
career because he has scholarship and he
used to go to school so we you know we
figured you know this work on it while
you weren't in school and then finish a
degree and they will go hundred percent
once you get out and you know he just
turned 22 years old so he's ready that's
cool when he's getting his degree in
four years everything yep yeah that's
awesome that it's it's funny like the
crossovers between like what I do I
guess and listen to some of your stuff
like I have a kid and he really wants to
be like a youtuber and everything but
that's like something that I wrestle
with
so I'm like you know you got to finish
school like you're you're not gonna go
from high school to YouTube and hope
they make it on that you know yeah yeah
I mean it also it's also great it's
great for your story as it as an artist
because a lot of artists don't have
degrees so it's this great conversation
and it's great marking my own life just
turned off so this is really great
background it's great history for you
know to sell ourselves on this all about
it yeah for sure
we have anything else Steve's you
probably made these pretty quick
I mean damn we covered a lot of ground
you know I'll send you a link after the
yeah you're familiar with it but yeah
I'm you want a link of the chat yeah go
for it listen this is just it's a lot of
you know a lot of making fun of me and
Steve here nothing negative towards
almost completely towards the two of us
yeah very funny stuff ya know it's you I
understand I remember those days in
those days man people you know where
people will just go in a chat room just
the chat box they're just having a bad
day and they're like let me just go to
the channel when just make someone else
mad and that's what they do they go to
chat room and he sit there and they just
start typing all day and just you know
with no identity and guess what I just
seemed reckless to stop and I think my
world is crazy yeah he was I mean with
tiny chat it was hilarious it was just
funny just watching it just sitting man
just watching people in the boxes go at
it with each other is like yeah yeah
arguing with the stranger I would do
your keyboard that kind of stuff yeah
that's insane what I mean tiny chat was
the precursor to this stuff so I mean
you kind of clued in to pretty quickly
that hosting your show is something
that's pretty cool to do yes yes I think
with way before its time that's yeah
unfortunately tell me about it but yeah
no you know it's crazy because
essentially you have more in common here
with Steve than you think because you
know you were the
just star on the site at that time yeah
you know you were pulling in you know
4,500 to 5,000 concurrent viewers
constantly doing that and that was just
like yeah it was like someone was on the
train in New York and someone was
talking about the chatroom when a train
I went to the airport the people
recognizing I thought it from the TV
show from the MTV show name when I know
from the chatroom know like yo this is
crazy
unlike and that was before how it is now
before the Instagram influences are now
knowing stuff and when people would have
run and see people that on Instagram I
was like I never really thought it was
it was like as popular as it was oh yeah
it's insane how big like even I guess
like I'm younger than about both of you
but even in my like in my childhood like
the fact that the internet didn't exist
and now like random people on you know
public transport will be talking about
like the same types of internet sites is
like pretty insane like how far we've
gone like in just a good like 20 years
they're not even like 15 years it's also
weird because a lot of the kind of
specialized knowledge that you like
value like the stuff from a long time
ago like for me it would be like you
know fixing like 486 computers or
something on those lines but for you
that would be like being able to work on
like older synthesizer and stuff is like
this knowledge is cool but it just it
sucks because now no one appreciates it
it's just gone right when's the next
time I'm gonna be touching a 486 trying
to fix that trying to know what the beep
codes are for you know all that [ __ ] and
the same thing for you like you're not
gonna [ __ ] around with a synthesizer
when you can do that [ __ ] in like Pro
Tools or something I mean yeah yeah I'm
so I'm kind of curious going like real
specific so I went to I went to school
for music so music is something he's
always been like a big passion when when
you talk about like producing a track
like how much are you involved with from
like start to finish like do you start
with like literally nothing and you're
grabbing samples and throwing it
together and then writing baseline yeah
yeah so start with zero nothing so
either I create my sound kit before I
start or I start with my one of my
pre-existing sound kids that I've made
previously when you say okay is this
just like drums and since some towns
yeah jump
okay the drum sounds meaning like kick
drum snare hi-hat shaker percussion you
know alternate kick sounds little hair
and claps those are sounds that
sometimes I listen to break beats that's
what hip-hop is actually based on brick
beats so I would take break beats and
link you what do you mean by that winter
break beat slow hip-hop so brick beats
are is a compilation of every song is a
break part a break down right so we say
even rock songs
everything has a little break down maybe
16 bars where the music breaks down
where it's just a drum part and maybe
one instrument or something okay
so this happened this was more common in
records from and back in the day from
the 60s 70s and 80s it was a big so we
called that section the break part of
the song so that's how the term b-boys
came out because when the break part
came that's when the dances they would
dance to that section and that's where
hip-hop was based on the DJ just playing
those parts they had nothing to do with
them scene so it was about that break
part so now there's a compilation album
that was put out by ultimate break and
there are a few compilation company
companies are labels that put our
compilations where they just take the
hottest break from all these records and
just put them down and just put them on
vinyl and you know resell them so those
are break beats so most producers are
old school producers usually have a
catalogue of just break beats of parts
or breaks of the section of a song so we
will listen to that before we make music
to get inspired to find the sound that
we want to do or you know the move that
we end whatever whatever sonically we're
looking for we'll listen to that until
something grabs us and say oh I like
that sound I'm in the mood to make
something not like this but I want to
make something containing these sounds
so we would extract the sounds from that
by sampling [ __ ] okay so these are like
oh [ __ ] I'd never [ __ ] knew this I
had no idea so these are like you're
talking about like the first samples
right yeah we made every song so we
would extract those sounds and we were
also dynamic process them
and EQ them meaning that we would
probably add a little compression on
them and what is what what is the
process like so you have a vinyl that
has these brakes on it how do you even
begin to take something off of it record
it
are you recording is on a tape are you
like no right into a sampler okay you
wanna turn cable well now I have a
digital catalogue yeah yeah don't care
what we were running through the through
a mixer the mixer contained an EQ maybe
a three band or maybe a seven band EQ on
the format so we eat you there the vinyl
to obtain the right frequencies that you
know the desired frequencies and they
will take the output of the mixer and
put it right into our sampler and we
will just find the kick drum that we
want to because you know every kick drum
in the song it was different because it
depends on you know depends on the
pressure of the drummer the hitter
harder it's gonna sound different and
softer so we would find the exact kick
that we want and then we will play it
hit the sample button for a half a
second we will pop it in and then we
would truncate the sample or clean it up
and edit it to find the start point and
the end point of the sample a lot of
times we would we would chop it very
tight at the beginning to create an
attack to create a big attack so we were
cutting into the beginning of the kick
and then at the end we will leave a long
tail on the end so we would get the
natural room sound from the record
it's too short at the end we will leave
the end open wide open
okay and that's how we create our own
sound kits and we would take to that we
would do the same thing for a snare for
the hi-hat and everything so now we have
the same exact funk it got this drummer
head and then we can make our own B but
what is the sorry and drop I'm really
curious what is the legality like how
much of someone else's stuff can you
sample before you start giving a money
zero you getting one not what I'm doing
what I'm explaining so this is
disclaimer you're not supposed to do
with what I'm just explaining that is
actually breaking laws copyright
infringement to lift that from that from
lift anything without lifting it like if
there's like a certain like B that's in
a song like you can't just say I want to
do a beat like that again right yeah
because you can
you copy you can't copyright a beat or
group or rhythm I mean you can't
copyright that I thought there was
people there it's the melody
okay copyright at Lumbee interesting
alright didn't like vanilla ice get into
trouble overall because that was yeah
cuz vanilla ice was uh that was the baby
yeah under pressure yeah what's the
baseline it was the whole exact song
so they actually lifted that from the
vinyl so besides the publishing side
would win the person or the label down
on the master would win because when
you're lifting from the actual master
your copyright that's copyright
infringer man and you are fringing on
the the copyright holder of the master
not the publisher but the master if
you're doing like the sounds and stuff
like that you're not supposed to do that
at all but people people do it all the
time
you know they do it and they tweak it a
little and kind of add some stuff to it
and I don't know anyone that really got
sued over
o-over sounds but I know that the UM
Pharrell and uh and what's the guy's
name Robin dead guys suit over the
Marvin Gaye stock thing that's crazy to
me because it wasn't even the sample I
heard it was in the sample if you do
found viable do they take 100 percent of
the thing or is it just a portion of it
take everything and they they sue for
punitive damages to and they get a lot
more money than what you and they get
legal fees back as well really a
shitload of money yeah if you get caught
I mean if it goes a lot of times you
just settle out of court you know I've
never been approached for any type of
copyright infringement one company
called me before some lawyer that
represented they represent
Sly and the Family Stone the person that
owned their masters and they try to
start a clean fight started claim
against me for using one when they had
sampled on the record i producer clean
my teeth uh and I didn't actually and
the lawyer would have
phone he said we you know I just want to
ask you a couple of questions because
they want to ask me question to see
whether or not it's worth starting
litigation against me so I was like
normally I wouldn't even do it but I
thought I spoke to him and said we just
want to know right now before we start
did you sample anything from that record
because it sounds very familiar
you need to clear it and I said no i
didn't i said i use the hammond b-3 the
organ that they used heavily i use the
same exact organ and I played my own
thing with the same town that you guys
use so no it's not a sample but feel
free to go on and on start litigation if
you want and getting nothing happened as
a result happen because you know it
takes a lot of time and money to start
it and to do that come up with nothing
is easy but yeah that was rolling on in
my career so I became a probe way before
that you know knowing what to do and
what not to do and no more the law
because so funny how naive people are
that are in the industry that say there
are sample rules on the board you can
only do three Luke and you can answer
sample five seconds and it's um and it's
not the case you're not supposed to
sample anything from that vial it's like
an authorised duplication a replication
that's what you're doing when you're
listing from from vinyl or lifting from
a pre-existing master and that's a no-no
I'm kind of curious like in the early
days of in the early days of hip-hop how
did people like [ __ ] so like like alt
like the people like on Motown and [ __ ]
so like Stevie Wonder and [ __ ] Marvin
Gaye how'd it like people that like this
music or these communities how do they
look at like early hip hop artists did
they see it as like kind of like the
next step forward or like the evolution
most people were trouble that they
didn't see it as like a degenerate
musically like that they like it because
it's like you know because it's it's
fusing R&B and soul together as well you
know the only thing that they have that
they don't really like or could be just
some lyrical content and that's what I
don't like you know someone who content
the younger generation I think the miles
are just terrible right now man where
they disrespect a lot of the way they
disrespect women and how they promote me
and I'll glorify like you know certain
um certain certain things like drug use
and you know stuff like that it was
never it was never like that I'm just
not used to that and that's how it was
you know without a hip hop it wasn't
that as bad but when there was bad stuff
I know some artists didn't really
appreciate it like to clear James Brown
sample they wouldn't clear anything if
it was abusive to women so and that was
after he had that case that that he had
to do time behind because I think it was
a domestic violence case and then he
became very conscious about it his
lawyers didn't want anything to do with
any type of violence and females so they
are his estate and whoever you know
handled their publishing didn't tear any
samples that were are granting licensing
that had something to do with the piece
of woman because we knew all the master
you get license requests all the time
yeah it's up to you this exempt it's up
to you to approve it or not and you can
improve it yes or no like I have I'd
like to request right now for some of my
songs wonderful movie and another one
for example you for an artisanal dog
nation is the logistics in the the lake
is the movie business basically the same
thing as a music it's not no it's
different I don't know a lot about it
but I just know that it's a lot
different cuz I deal with a lot of movie
people of course there are some cooking
people and you know in entertainment
totally like my lawyer said is just
really just as bad that's what he tells
me and I never had any fair deal because
only thought was the attorneys and music
I mean in movies for license requests
and I had to deal with music supervisors
so you know but him as an attorney he is
an attorney would know more and he said
that it's really just as shady as the
music industry so I'll take another
stack yeah
because all the people are doing what
they were very nice the lawyers and
stuff is like it's impossible to be
shady if you we have a deal and you in
the contract it's not right it's just
either a sign a lot done and then you
know and you pay the check that you
write you know so so what are you what
are you focusing on moving forward these
days I know that you said that you're
teaching you're writing books are you
out there looking to try and sign more
people or you know as far as doing more
producer stuff or yeah what's what's the
plans for you know I'm producing but I'm
producing I'm very selective right now I
created a label at London University
called Blackbird Music Group they say
our record label slowly run by the
student I train the students they take
my courses and we are see our indie
label with distribution through Sony and
we make our own music and then we do
some stuff so that's one of the things
that I have running on and I have my own
label as well that I would sign on and
act as an executive producer but that is
very very very rare at right now but I
do offer consulting so I can actually
secure record deals and I can secure
distribution deals to indie artists so I
we have some struggling artists in chat
looking to get big that are in hip-hop
they should reach out to you right oh
yeah yeah of course because I do
consulting I can walk them into a label
I can walk them into meetings I can help
exactly produce their record I can do
artist development and that's what's
lacking today with a lot of ours is they
have no development or they have no one
to God on them into them yeah so so one
of the things I offer with my company is
that and I do master classes over time
though and I think we're gonna do one on
me in May 2013 pairs that is my next
master class have you had any like
students like go big or anything yet
does that happen yeah
no but I think it's coming real soon
okay let's go how long have you been
doing the having like the classes four
point four years we just lost it
officially this year but it took three
years prior to get everything up and
running there's a lot of people working
when I'm creating schooling from what I
remember there's another guy another guy
that we actually had on the show that
writes books said that when you do
anything in education in the United
States there's a lot of legislation you
have to go through before you can do
anything all your education you got to
get approved by the state it's a whole
bunch of stuff but if you guys
if you're curious - or any any potential
students out there you could definitely
where you still go to Liu edu and go to
music technology program you'll see I'm
one of the professors on on there you'll
see you'll see the director of the
program can other Beasley and then
you'll see professor knew someone there
and they were only three professors in
that department right now so it's very
very very new oh yeah yeah it's so yeah
there's a lot you do you and this is
this also right here is one of my first
book so this is a very so if you're
looking to show that hook up again so if
you guys are out there you're looking to
get into something this is a good book
for the people to buy yeah this is
another month of some music production
yeah this is the one that I do I do book
signings all around the world and and I
turn this this is actually a course that
I teach to so that one is on that's
standing I'm working on my second
edition now all right so listen Tony I
want to thank you for coming on today it
was a lot of fun do you have do you want
to shout out you're kind of your social
handles your website things like that oh
yeah everything is just at Tony dope at
tony13
everything is is very consistent and my
website is Tony dokkan i'm very very
very simple on easy to find me Instagram
is that Tony no fat you guys hit me up
I'm definitely always available I'm on
Twitter a lot more than what I normally
am and I talk to people yeah make sure
to follow us twitter and you can watch
him fight with a young aspiring out of
rappers just real quick is like a final
parting word of advice let's say there's
a guy and everybody there's like a
million guys somebody thinks to have
like a lot of talent a lot of ability to
like make it an industry what's like the
one piece of like quick advice you give
somebody like this who thinks they have
like the talent to make it what should
they be doing right now they have to
have the passion that's one of the
things that must have because you're
gonna get a test a lot you're gonna
you're gonna get put through a lot of
tests and and you they were gonna be
sacrifices that are gonna have to be
made and if you don't have a passion
you're not gonna make the sacrifice so I
put it like that I've seen I saw so many
people that are so talented that doesn't
really have a passion
and they can become very successful and
get far but they don't because they
don't have to like the passion for it
and it just Falls it just crumbles and
you don't want that to happen because
everyone that has a vested interest and
every want to put time and money into
you will get angry and walk away because
you know we because you don't have the
passion that's one of the things I look
for before I do anything with anyone
because I don't want to be that person I
did that before and I was so mad that
I'm with someone and you know you're
training them you're getting them to a
point and then they just don't show up
or they're just late or they just
continuously be late or they just do
stuff just to jeopardize their own you
know their own career yeah and so you
have to you have to take a serious okay
yeah all right we'll take that to heart
thank you again
Tony for coming on well I will send you
a link as soon as we get it all uploaded
all right all right only get all the
chat message sanitized Oh Rose I want
you to chat his room I know yeah thanks
for figuring out all the audio [ __ ] in
the beginning to those I don't know I
that's never happened before but yes we
gotta figure it out call wasallam hey
thanks a lot for joining us all right
thanks for having me and I'll talk to
you guys later
yeah you're one of us thanks a lot Tony
all right see you guys
