hey guys I'm about to talk about a lot
of really crazy [ __ ] in this video
recounting an adventure that I had on my
way back from Los Angeles I don't
normally do disclaimers at the start of
my videos obviously if this actually
might be the only one I've ever done but
I kind of want to make some like very
very very clear things up here in here
because I'm very big on you know
responsibility or audience
responsibilities for my public messaging
if you have like some sort of mental
problem or if you have some sort of
issue that you're dealing with in life
my number one unequivocal suggestion
always to seek professional help I do
not suggest self-medicating do not
suggest trying crazy homeopathic
whatever [ __ ] I might go to if
you're having serious problems in life
is to always always always seek
professional help first I don't remember
exactly what I say in this video but
we've done a lot of talking about drugs
and and hallucinogenics and different
stuff over the past few weeks on my
stream just because of my experience and
I want to make sure that I'm being
absolutely clear that I do not recommend
you try anything that I've tried or do
anything that I've done because you
think it's going to fix some underlying
problem you have or because you think
that you know something that I don't
know that some crazy drug can be the
solution to your problem
I think it's I think it's about as clear
as I can make it I want to take a second
here actually to introduce I have a I've
got a sponsor that I'm doing for this
video that's it's pretty related and
it's called better help I'm sure you've
heard of it before basically I guess
it's like an online therapy thing I
thought about doing this a long time ago
but I was actually uncomfortable
originally but I did a lot of digging
into them over the past couple months
and they seemed pretty cool but
basically it's like an affordable way
and very convenient to get like therapy
online it allows you to they give that
like constant access to your therapist
the prices are like half or whatever
what you'd normally expect I think like
35 to 70 week is about the average is on
the site and as somebody was paid for
therapy and rely for other people I know
that it gives a lot more expensive in
real life so yeah I mean I have a link
below the video if you're looking to do
something related to that again I mean
I'm
compelling you to do but like if you
have again just to reiterate you know
what I had a beginning this video if you
have some sort of problem trying to get
these problems fixed via therapy or via
like clinically researched medication is
so much more highly recommended than any
of the crazy [ __ ] that I do yeah thanks
a lot
enjoy the video I'll get you guys later
your experience on mushrooms change your
perspective with anything nope why did
you do 1 million mushrooms because I had
in one of a dumb experience I wanted to
go on the journey
you have any regrets we need to thought
you died from the mushrooms well I
didn't want to die what I've reckful
decides to do the psychedelics because
of you aren't psychedelics risky to be
able to clinical depression
responsibility that being said I don't
think it would you didn't wait too much
to have a good experience so you've cost
the ego death but I wasn't after a good
experience that I have no interest in
doing drugs to feel happiness exactly to
the system why I was doing I was looking
for a unique experience that I can't get
anywhere else
the idea of tripping and seeing colors
and [ __ ] is very boring to me I wasn't
there my you were tripping
I don't really want to say because I
don't reveal people it shouldn't be but
I mean like reckful and Becca were there
I guess I could say those two before I
there's way too many questions I can't
even read it right the main thing that
came out of it was in large bubbles and
printed a new soul no it my phone was
like my only tethered to realities I
think that by virtue of picking up my
phone a lot I think I probably did some
session at Lord Smallville with my phone
I guess you get the experience here I'm
looking for I mean I imagine so I don't
it but I mean I can't really know if
there's like anything more than that do
you think that what you experience does
reflect death in any way I mean I have
no way of ever knowing that right have
you actually the footage
yeah reckful was showing me some is
really interesting I hope I can mount
the full I hope I get done with the full
footage online it would be really
interesting any plans to release video
it was I think they only got about two
or three hours of it I don't think they
caught the really bad parts which sucks
because those are probably really
interesting but you feel ripped off that
you didn't do it was so short
where does have like seven hours how
long did it take to wear off it was
actually right at about like six or
seven hours
I would say that like the actual like
extreme trip probably lasted like four
hours and then I was like marijuana hi
like an hour and or two going into it
and like an hour - coming out of it if
that makes sense they were like there
were three major okay [ __ ] I feel like
I'm gonna be working a lot of [ __ ]
things there were three it's in waves oh
dude the waves part was the worst
[ __ ] part because you never know when
you're actually back in reality right
because every time I would come back I
would say like it's just surreal and
then somebody would say yes but then
like [ __ ] would go crazy again and it
wasn't real so I would keep being told
that it's real it's real that's real but
it wasn't real and so why then are you
any closer to getting Twitter unbanned
I hope so but that's my hope pokey and
pokey and Isis manager and those who are
problem pokies and actually did a decent
amount and that Isis manager helped a
lot the rightful is helping a little bit
as well so hopefully one of these three
avenues good sweet - where I need to be
about astray - you know we gotta look
very welcome you seem so good
you said you tried again at a less
ridiculous dose just for fun no I don't
know I have no interest I don't know I
would just never do drugs for fun I
don't I don't know how to explain it I
just I might try LSD next lately but I
really don't know how to explain it
I just don't there are things that I
enjoy doing in life that drugs seem to
inhibit all of that like marijuana it's
not fun for me I feel like I can't do
anything that I would like to do yeah I
don't know so I guess these are the
these are the three these are like the
three phases and I can't really know for
sure if everything I'm saying is applies
correctly because I because I read oast
but uh
basically what happened was I was told
that doing like 1.5 grams psilocybin
would be like a really good would be
like a really good starting point for
sure
stick to try it to like ease my way into
it so I was able to get bags dried and
psilocybin or I mean I think they were
dry when you eat that they're crunchy
they taste like veggie chips or whatever
I'm pretty sure was drying
so because um but because I wanted like
the full heroic experience like I wanted
to go on a they taste like [ __ ] I don't
think they face about at all how they
were fine it was like literally just
like veggie chips or whatever so
after doing I decided I want to do what
when I was gonna do the fall I think
it's three point five it is what they
were in each bag drinking so I did three
point five the first phase of doing it
it felt like a felt like a like I was
high on marijuana that's basically what
it felt like
so I was kind of you know like thanks
for giggly and I was a little
light-headed or whatever I don't think
they had like fully kicked in yet maybe
that's just like the first part but I
got really worried that when that
started happening I got worried that I
was gonna miss like the actual hero at
the journey so I did another bag which
was so that put me up to seven and then
like five minutes later I said [ __ ] I
want to go to fold to go a full [ __ ]
distance and another 3.5 and I'm pretty
sure that should get me to wherever the
[ __ ] it's possibly going shrooms
unless more would help I don't know if
Lamar would do anything but so yeah
eventually we got we did the full 10.5
so this is what I think happened but I
don't totally know I think that right
after I did the next two bags
I think the first bag actually kicked in
because I started to get like the
psychedelic experience that I have seen
I've hard and like cartoons and movies
so often so like a color would appear on
the TV screen and then like that collar
would explode along all the walls and I
would feel lights behind me that were
shining that color and it was like a
very groovy kind of it was a very groovy
like cartoon-esque experience
I know I could be wrong but that seemed
like that seemed like though the first
bag of shrooms like the kind of fun
whatever experience but pretty soon
after that [ __ ] got incredibly [ __ ]
real I think that I think that groovy
thing from what I've read sounds like
the one bag of just getting like the
groovy psychedelic experience but then
after the other two kicked in which was
pretty shortly after I feel I got only
took 15 or 20 minutes bad [ __ ] got
insane so I think the first thing that
happened was I think I I think the
experience that I felt was kind of like
I'd died so a lot of what happened
involved a lot of loops I don't know
this is I'm gonna try to explain this
the best that I can but there were so
many loops that I went through the first
thing was I started to lose my sense of
myself existing and I kind of started to
replace like for nondescript images in
my head of going around and around and
around and the idea that I kept trying
to hang on to so originally I was trying
to remember who I was and what I was
doing there what was going on but
the the upsetting part or the scariest
part of this it sounds like the scary
part is the part where you realize
you're dying but the actual scary part
was that that realization didn't
actually matter that there was no one to
realize that you were dying you were
just some passive entity observing
random [ __ ] that was beyond existence
you no longer and then but there was
like a little part of me that like I
tried to fight that feeling very [ __ ]
hard because I absolutely do not want to
die I repeated a lot of phrases as I
came in and out of lucidity and I think
the let the number one phrase that I
repeat it was a I kept saying the rectal
don't let me die don't let me die
don't let me die and I think I said that
like a million [ __ ] times because I
really did a woman died but I but then
eventually like and again it's not that
I it didn't feel like I experienced
death it felt like I experienced the
stage after death where there's no one
left to experience death that's it
sounds really weird to say I cannot I
can't give you like a good description
of this type of conscious experience
because it was like beyond consciousness
once I once I passed that once I got
through that loop the next look was
picking up my phone and then every time
I would look at things
it wasn't reality I could tell that
none of my senses were giving me real
information but then I couldn't tell if
any of the information or memories that
I never had
wherever real information either so I
would pick up my phone I would look
around the room and everything was not
real but then but but it didn't matter
that it wasn't real because I whatever I
used to be that could perceive things as
real was just as real as the unreal [ __ ]
that I was experiencing then and there
although of all this although I'm going
this there are like parts of the inside
of me that this is an absolutely
horrible experience this is the worse
mental experience that I've ever had in
my entire life this might be because I'm
so attached to living that I absolutely
just don't want to die and the scary
part was losing the part of me that
didn't want to die so as I continued to
loop through these thoughts I was lost
in this tunnel of nothing mattering and
whatever I used to be it's kind of like
the same thing again or I went through
this tunnel again of whoever I used to
be didn't really exist or if it did
exist so that was just as real as all of
the fake senses that I was experiencing
at that point in time and
I kept coming back into consciousness
but the way that I would observe reality
was detached from myself it was like I
was watching the entity that was me live
reality and everything that I did was
just it could have been any number of
realities because I kept coming back
into a reality and it felt like I kept
stepping back into other realities but
any reality could have been as real as
as who I was before what was going on
and then and then it got to the point to
where my entire existence became this
room this was the the previous parts of
the trip were so bad
but this might have been the absolute
worst part of a trip was when I feel
like who is what I felt like I was my my
entire eternity I spent multiple
eternities in this room that the
totality of my existence was living
lifetimes in this room of being on this
couch and experiencing reality after
reality there were all just as
legitimate as any reality that I never
experienced at any point in my life
there were times where I would wake up
on the couch and I would look over at
Becca and reckful and they would say
things to me in my mind they weren't
really saying it but they would say
things to me in my mind and the
perception I had was that I was a crazy
person that had that my entire previous
life had been a delusion that I didn't I
wasn't a streamer or any of that I was
just some crazy [ __ ] dude that was
living through lifetimes on this couch
and that god record is kind of there and
I was like a guy that was maybe just in
their apartment and and I was just
insane and everything about my previous
life I had just totally fantasize and
they were very condescending this is all
in my head
they were very condescending to me like
he's a crazy person oh that's cute he's
he's coming back for a little bit he's
gonna go back to his previous life of
being a streamer pretty soon that kind
of like insane condescension now they
weren't actually saying this and then I
started to and then there was another
part of this where every single person
in the room started to gasp late my
existence so reckful as he was like
trips hitting me or whatever kept asking
me because I would keep coming back into
lucidity from a brief moment and I would
ask him like is it really it oh I
remember when I was going through the
death tunnels when I would briefly slip
back in till acidity I was asking like
are we done I need to pass this I don't
like this I hate this I'm dying
don't let me die how much longer I need
to get though of this the worst things
that I would ask oh god I remember early
on I asked how much longer and somebody
had told me you've only been here for 30
minutes but it had already felt like
eternities that I'd been trapped so so
when I heard that it's only been 30
minutes that I had like five hours to go
that was another like on a feeling of
horrendous dread
watch over my body because I had already
felt like I had like experienced
eternities of anguish on a beat dead oh
my god it was such an insane experience
okay we're waiting but we're hope so I
would come back in Oh for these moments
of lucidity where I would ask wreck fall
if it was real I would he would say yes
but then his eyes would begin flickering
at like a million times per second and I
started to see his face and the people
in the room in this is gonna sound so
ridiculous but I saw them in like three
dimensions the way that their faces and
everything popped out at me was such an
insanely three-dimensional experience I
felt like everything I've seen up to
that point in my life had only been two
dimensions but they were actually in
three dimensions Oh which is kind of
ironic because you technically really
only do see in two dimensions but like
it was just an insane it was the way
that they appeared and stood out like
three-dimensional characters was just so
[ __ ] insane to me
I can't I can't really explain this it's
impossible for me to explain it's like
what if you watch like a 2d movie and
then you put on 3d glasses you know how
it jumps out at you now imagine you're
looking at normal reality and then you
put on like 40 glasses and it jumps out
at you again that's what it felt like I
was looking at it's impossible to
explain but um reckful kept trying to
ask me questions oh here's another
really interesting part reckful kept
trying okay
so I would look at my phone and it would
be like 852 and then I would lose it I'd
go back and then I would experience
lifetime's of death to this room and I
pick up my phone and look at it again
and only a minute past like I really
felt like I was experiencing eternity
and it would only tick by one minute at
a time and then I'd put the phone down
and I would experience like another
eternity of being trapped in this room
and all these people around me that
weren't real that were just parts of my
mind that continued to Gaslight my
existence do you remember asking
questions
yeah actually after I remembered I
remembered most of the things that I
said in real life because I could
because once I became fully lucid once
it started to wear off I was able to
kind of disentangle what was trippy
versus what I was actually saying which
I thought was cool I'm really gonna keep
in my memory a few things for whatever
reason like when I did like edibles I
kept my memory through it when I get
like super [ __ ] blasted drunk I seem
to kid like everything maybe I just
haven't done enough stuff to totally
lose my memory but like I remember very
vividly everything that happened and a
pretty sure I remember now I remember
what was real and what wasn't the god
there are so many [ __ ] up parts
another the scariest part the absolute
code I don't know what the scariest part
was all of it was so horrible oh I think
I already said this I kept coming back
into reality but I felt like a third
party observer to my reality and then
like Becca would look at me and she
would say like you're back this is it
this is your reality now this is what
you wanted the rest of your life is
going to feel this way she wasn't
actually saying this it was just in my
head but uh no no that wasn't Becca
actually it was reckful that was saying
it to me he was saying it like you're
back congratulations this is what you
wanted this is reality now and I'm like
I was watching myself as an entity do
things but I clearly knew that it wasn't
reality before so I thought what had
