guys brush the front of your car don't
try for power lines against [ __ ] feet
why don't be able to do this so you're
driving down the interstate snow is like
flying up it like destroying your
[ __ ] [ __ ] it takes me like two
seconds to like brush your [ __ ] up
come on guys I'm not gonna lie when I
was 22 I used to do that I would like
scrape off like six inches of my
windshield like I forget the rest would
come out driving
that's pretty unsafe that was real
stupid you mean the day night I told the
day nine story did you miss it it's so
dumb it's so disappointing
I'm glad I finally got it out though the
death of a meme yeah okay Shauna beuliss
with us I don't even know why this is
the thing and I don't know why this has
got to run out so much but I'm putting
an end I'm putting an end to the big
name right now okay
you know what I'm gonna leave it up to a
vote can I get some tours in the chat
well I don't know a lot of people saying
I shouldn't tell it
oh man that's actually a lot more than I
thought that would say no
we're at a turn but together okay and
you know those like kind of those
basements that they have like and have
you ever seen that we have like possible
and have like the people like in each
room okay guys okay
the name of the product son
spiritus Sanctus listen this story is
dumb
and it's stupid it doesn't mean anything
it's not important
it's not anything it's a stupidest story
in the world I don't remember even
originally why I was gonna say it it
came to mind and then I was like this is
a dumb story why would I be stupid okay
here's the story banana destroy as we
were both at a tournament together okay
and I was there and I had a girl with me
for the weekend okay that I had to spend
a weekend with and after one of the
tournament days I walked into a bar and
that was I think attached or hotel or
whatever and day night because I was
gonna be my friend okay
Shauna's there chatting with a girl and
I walk in and Shawn likes meeting you it
looks like very happy as I thought let
me introduce you to my friend ba ba ba
ba ba and I was like oh cool and he
introduced me to it I'm like yeah we
were just kind of Lee Anthony and then
we left
that's the day-night story do you see
how stupid this is do you see how
absolutely [ __ ] stupid this is this
is the dumbest [ __ ] story in the
whole history book yeah
that's what delegates that's how dumb
the day-night started there it is are
you happy
it's so stupid it's not like I didn't
think about that
it's actually this is where George used
to live old guy across the street from
us I remember one day I woke up in the
middle of the night and my parents were
gone and they were over across the
street talking till I freaked the [ __ ]
out cuz I'd never been in the house
alone before I think was like six this
is the Wow look at that this is the
house that I grew up in for 13 years I
think is George still around for I doubt
it he was really old when I lived there
I was like fifty sixteen seventeen years
to go I mean I guess he could be right I
thought about like trying to like like
should I like rebuy my house - like
reclaim my lost past or some [ __ ] don't
people do that I don't I don't give a
[ __ ] wait why is this guy over here
what's he doing is this the house with
the pool yeah there's a pool in the back
I don't know if you can tell [ __ ] I
wanted to kind of go and walk around but
I can't cuz the sidewalks aren't shovel
I love to be fair there's like a [ __ ] so
I was born in a wonderful year of 1988
and Omaha Nebraska did you climb in that
tree um I didn't plant trees much I
thought you could you could climb it in
and sit like on that part of it although
I didn't like do this a lot because I
wasn't very exciting and I didn't really
go much higher but yeah I think my
bedroom was this one the middle one up
there that window would have been in my
bedroom and then the one over there my
uncle lived in for a while and then this
is the master bedroom my parents lived
in that one all the way over there yeah
started like this huh
how did I end up cleaning carpets well
you see it all started in 1988 when I
was born my um my mom and dad were both
in the Air Force my mom did
I think radio and communications I think
my in in like electronics and I think my
dad did something similar I don't know
exactly what missions my dad was on or
if he flew at all I don't think my dad
ever was like in a plane off the ground
it could be wrong and then my mom flew
the looking glass mission my parents are
pretty old when they had me I think my
mom is 64 or 63 right now and I'm 30 so
my mom would have been in her mid 30s
early thirties when they had me
my parents had two marriages before me
everybody always seemed surprised when I
say I've got like five or six siblings I
have a couple my parents both have
children from like previous marriages
before they got together so my parents
still together yes they are
somehow they are still together so
growing up my maybe we can kind of up
maybe we can all come to a better
understanding of this growing up my
parents did daycare at home while my mom
did dick I'm not really sure the [ __ ] my
dad ever did he always he did like Amway
and stuff like multi-level marketing
stuff but um my mom did daycare growing
up we had a decent house we had a nice
there's a heated pool there should be in
the back of this house unless they got
rid of it let's see if we can see it
oh they built a deck out back that
wasn't there before
but our expiry revisiting places that
you know as a child as an adult
everything feels so much to smaller now
I guess because I'm a little larger if
you've ever gone back if you've ever had
the opportunity to revisit a place the
only new as a kid I went back to the
apartments and my grandma lived in a few
months ago it's crazy how much small
everything seems I guess when you're an
adult
I remember shelling us with my dad when
I would snow so much [ __ ] sidewalk in
this place [ __ ] that [ __ ]
Dan the snow Lakes deep this is the back
house that Chris lived in up until it
goes around eleven twelve I remember how
long he lets her for just a friendly
trip in an American town down it
Thanks yeah there's a pool there should
be like a pool in this room back here
[Music]
[Applause]
I don't know why the [ __ ] I got out just
look at I pull how does this hair look
like ass what really these are all like
pretty decent houses what are you
talking about you're crazy dude
I don't know wheel [ __ ] you live this is
like standard like suburban housing this
is like decent like middle upper class
suburban housing what are you talking
about oh that lady looked at me real
well this area down here and the fall
looks so sick there's like all these
leaves like covered the path or whatever
and it's like completely like sheltered
from the Sun and stuff it looks like a
super weird a weird and like a really
good way I don't know how to explain it
it was like this like it's like this
hallway of trees and it looks very I
don't know like a forest or jungle
there's gotta be like what did I rent
the shitty ass [ __ ] kiss song I think
I know why you guys get so [ __ ]
triggered by my [ __ ] driving and
that's cuz when you're in these shitty
[ __ ] vehicles you feel like you're
gonna die at every point in time I feel
like if I turn in twenty miles an hour
this [ __ ] gonna tip over that's
what it feels like to me the steering
wheel is it feels like a video game what
the [ __ ] what the [ __ ] is is steering I
don't even [ __ ] know the [ __ ] the
car I feel like I'm not even driving a
real vehicle I feel like I'm in a
go-kart then somehow found its way onto
the road and it's impersonating another
vehicle
I can't drive this [ __ ] I got a [ __ ]
get out of guy ain't fun where's the
mall I need to get out of here [ __ ]
right Road
oh my god I've almost driven into the
left [ __ ] lane like 30 [ __ ] times
[ __ ] [ __ ] New Zealand driving [ __ ] that
cook ass [ __ ] I keep on in a buckin my
car keeps drifting to like the centre of
the lines like you think I'm on the
right [ __ ] me alright we're fine we're
going okay I don't want to walk around
in the mall I hate everyone in this
[ __ ] city I don't want to be
surrounded by them haha hi will you Ike
I'm a you like that parking spot though
and not even go inside oh yeah oh baby
Premium premium wasted parking yes Oh
God high school girls Oh God
Oh get me out Oh God just listening to
them exists
just is pain oh oh my god I hate this
place so much I hate all the people here
how do I live my life here for so long
oh but I stayed inside all the time why
are you wearing [ __ ] camouflage are
you going [ __ ] hunting in the store
what the [ __ ] is she hiding camouflage
on honey she camouflaging her camouflage
oh wait it's like pink and then I just
ping on the back and camouflage on the
front so like you can't find the girl
because she's [ __ ] you hidden from
view I guess but if you do find her you
can flip around and [ __ ] her in the back
and you get a nice pink [ __ ] sweater
to look at what you're doing what the
[ __ ] can you tell us why you two leave
California yeah cuz my last relationship
was a [ __ ] dumpster fire [ __ ] that
[ __ ] destroyed my head but I feel
better I got out I did some reflecting
and now I'm back at 150 percent we will
never know what happened maybe in two
years
just ask me then that hair wait can you
even see my hair I just did this when I
woke up I went like this a bunch and
then that's my hair I think it works
how'd you get into music um randomly in
high school I think I was like maybe I
should do band or whatever coming into
high school and I talked to the teacher
and he was like oh yeah what do you want
to play and I'm like um I don't know I
like cowboy bebop and there's a lot of
saxophones in that so how about
saxophones
so I played saxophone there's someone's
physical voice play a part in a
relationship I you wouldn't date someone
who's a voice you didn't like um maybe I
don't know um I don't think I've ever
dated or not dated a girl because their
voice well I guess that's why I turn
down Lily I'm just kidding that was a
mean dog flip that oh don't clip that
please for the love of God every Sunday
we're gonna do a viewer Collins and
debates for six hours I've got that on
my schedule now so I can start dealing
with all the people that message me from
random debates and [ __ ] yeah
[Music]
