all right I got a cheapo like $150 desk
our goal is to like set it up just so I
have like start the position [ __ ] in my
room what the [ __ ] is pictures supposed
to signify what's up dudes welcome
[Music]
little spinner oh no how can I possibly
set this down somewhere where I can't
see it
[Music]
there you go just get outside whatever
the [ __ ] is this is like a [ __ ] net
pull my dick while I'm playing games I
don't understand
New York do people actually put things
in them silly what is the point of this
it's for cables oh oh is that what this
thing oh wait hold on no way
this there's a way to get this to come
out I know there is I know there is boys
I can't I don't understand these
instructions I'm not gonna lie what the
[ __ ] is this what the [ __ ] this is me
what's this what is happening here I
have no [ __ ] idea what the [ __ ] I'm
supposed to take from this what the [ __ ]
is going on
I don't know what the [ __ ] any of this
[ __ ] is oh [ __ ] oh no I shouldn't hit it
why did I do that
are these delicate that's just like a
transformer whatever it should be okay
[Music]
now you don't have to worry about
breaking this
[Music]
[Music]
can you believe it the reason why I
can't how about I can't have a camera
here I think this is like the best spot
for a camera I can't have my monitor
separated drives me crazy the other guys
are good both computers right next to
each other
that's good everything over each other
right to watch data if we used that six
seven cakes today
why do I have no image on my monitor
guys really okay
why are you saying that don't do that
oh no no no no no no you just need to
work buddy beautiful something for some
reason I'm catering a thing with look at
our look at that beautiful cable
management oh my goodness
everything is zip tied down to the
ground in place exactly where it's
supposed to be tucked carefully behind
everything else nice job your lights are
probably due main light here this might
be too bright I like this is super
standard three point lighting this is
very bright you've got another here so
that the other side your face isn't
completely dark just supposed to fill in
but you want it to be lighter than that
so do you have a little bit of shadowing
so there's interest and then you have
you're supposed to have one in the back
to like offset your head I have this
I've got a diffuser on this I could aim
this up a wall maybe I'm gonna give it a
better
these are the exact same type of light I
have this one set to a little over half
I think I've got this set up I'm built
less than half yeah let's hear it even a
little bit we can go and we can go
really dramatic I guess okay so this
would look this is a lot darker now oh I
really don't like this background I want
to get a desk with a light on it I think
that the light in the background has so
much more interest like Albert has that
light in the background I really slept
like it so I need like a dresser there
right there and there like an LED light
on it it's like a light blue or red it
would be sick as [ __ ] oh I think this
computer looking I don't know why this
computer's not booting I'm getting
really scared that some really dumb [ __ ]
happened I haven't booted this computer
since I moved I think green screens can
be really good they're just not for me
at all it's not my aesthetic I really
like Albert's lady Howard I think has
some of the best lighting on Twitch at
the moment that's where I'm gonna try to
rip off we're gonna do purple lighting
no I would have just a little head it
was just warm these up a little bit
because it looks way too cold right now
and I think I'm in a hospital room I
think these are too white so I can warm
these up a bit and then I want a really
cool color in the background like a blue
or red or a green all of my stuff is off
do you think I blew a fuse no [ __ ]
way
right I think I want to pop the hell
that might be connected to a switch as
well
Oh actually I can't actually I'm almost
positive it is why the [ __ ] DisplayPort
no signal why are you doing this to me
unplug the monitors I don't let don't
look back
why are you doing this to me right now
outputs an image on the HDMI okay so
this works sorry
these are hard disks for sure I don't
remember how to mount you drive in here
or if I have a solid-state drive
well actually um two drugs are a type of
SSD cuz you [ __ ] idiot how many
computers did you say you built you
[ __ ] [ __ ]
why is there such [ __ ] hair all right
what are we looking for the data cable
is not connected how though [ __ ] does
this okay oh my god they just put it up
right away okay that's good you're okay
buddy
[Music]
by ipconfig I should see a default
gateway even though I'm just connected
to a switch right I should I should see
that oh wait one this is connected to
the internet it has to be so my IP
config I do get a default gateway
I do have an IP address okay this is
good oh wait now it looks like it's kind
of doing what though these screws came
from the motherboard how did these
wiggle out okay remember I said about
not using all the screws maybe you
should use all the screws it was
actually the reason I do it wait
although somebody's hanging something
holding hello hello who doesn't sound
good if I hit something I shouldn't hit
but that's okay test test test
noise
[Music]
you know back in the day people always
complain about I still complain about
like how hard it is to get [ __ ]
printers to work because for some reason
it just seems like I feel like the
equivalent to that problem today is like
a random [ __ ] if we do SB for it
sometimes just don't work like you said
like change to a different gear as
before I have no [ __ ] idea why it's a
really earthy test s [ __ ] sorry is
this or hold on
oh okay awesome awesome okay you can
hear this but I can't now actually there
we go okay oh holy [ __ ] I found the
[ __ ] boss level button on the back of
the [ __ ] mixer or on the back of the
channel strip okay
this helps a ton I've got way more
wiggle room now where is the [ __ ]
noise coming from wait you guys can't
hear it wait you can't hear this hold on
I'm gonna try giving it its own outlet
but I've got to restart everything it's
not gone don't say it's gone it's very
clearly here or I can hear it trust me
oh yeah keep it down here mr. Mouton
test one to test test test ads okay be
alright my husband trainer makes guys I
love you all
I have you guys I'm going on be careful
her brand cappuccino Papagena Papageno
Debbie no pepper pepper
[Music]
