three two one hello guys welcome to
episode 18 wait no it's tomes and
catacombs welcome to our wonderful D&D
session I am joined by my three
wonderful companions and my wonderful
Dungeon Master
koib Oh how are you guys doing this week
why don't we start with Lille Picchu how
are you doing I spent like an hour of my
stream watching really sad videos and
crying oh good that's good I'm glad you
got the emotional release you needed
thank you for validating my feelings
Steven I appreciate it no problem Willy
any time Lucas how are you doing I'm
doing well Steve just dabbing away
diving away that's great and Devon how
about you
I'm well sir lots of work but keeping
positive and everything is great I'm
super happy with every day that I live
and very grateful Wow that's inspiring
Devon's optimism and positivity I could
really learn from you alright thank you
Tony and Neil how are you doing life is
good and I'm ready to play okay well
who's not a week hat Devon I went to
Louis stream and she was bawling just at
random I just I just come up and she's
just saw me - hi Insurance commercials
okay okay Devon why don't you catch
every day up to what we were where we
were last time and then we'll come in
sure in the last episode of Dragon Ball
Z in the last episode of episode 18 of
gnomes combs and catacombs
we found that tavington the ark enemy of
the campaign was coming to fend in so we
planned to take him out and we met a new
character in the process who was
introduced to us by Wyatt a character
called Camus that's a winner close yes
Kumu and kuhmo was an assassin for hire
and so we planned out an attack on merit
abington there was a fierce battle with
bolts of arrows and fireballs and
everyone died as the party made its
escape invisible getting insanely lucky
to avoid an entire army over to Jimmy's
ship a protege of Captain Barbeau
everybody got on the ship and is heading
for arid on now to find out how to
rescue an old wizard youris for a joyous
alligator on
Joris Joris from the dungeon of the
queen of storm hein and we've also been
tipped off that there is a certain
cousin there one named Grendel a cousin
of Wyatt who has a lot of money to bring
back to offend and we are instructed to
meet him in the busty barrel and that is
the extent of our quest thus far I was
gonna ask is your name ko mu or kuhmo
come oh well are you asking me my name
is ed Como okay yeah that was the joke
mr. Mouton
it's kuhmo it's Japanese for cloud okay
you'd know that if you had some culture
all right all right
you guys are just in the beginning of
the brainy bag right over here on the
world map let me give us a viewpoint and
it is gonna be a 15 ish day journey if
all goes well to where you want it's
about two weeks which means you'll get a
long rest and everything that comes with
it so let's get ourselves over the ocean
travel music and let's see what you guys
are up to these days after having hmm
yeah I had like a random out of
character question I should have asked
us already so I have 40 crossbow bolts
should I keep track of these it is a
magical crossbow fire magical bolts how
does that work no you should keep track
of them okay
so then when we get to a new city do I
need to announce it I'm buying like
three crossbow bolts or how does that
work how much how do these price out if
you want to keep refilling then we can
keep refilling they will be available in
pretty much any city you go to no
questions asked so we don't have to
worry about finding them crossbow bolts
[Music]
not in the book well he gets them for
free oh good they got 20 of them are a
hundred copper said one gold on get one
gold gate with the copper system Steve
it's there I'm in D&D is there like a
mechanic where after a fight you
retrieve like half your crossbow bolts
am I crazy or am i making that up some
people use that mechanic I use is if you
miss it's lost it's just it's gone
forever you'll never find it again if
you hit someone you have a 50-50 chance
of recovering it so you can recover
about half of your ammunition that
shit's got you okay sounds good
generally speaking though it's might be
a little more time-saving to just leave
the ammo be unless you're low cuz you're
you know rarely ever just combat lasts
long and it freakin more bolts okay cool
okay is there better ammo then like
other ammo can you buy like I don't know
and Amma that is plus one or anything
like that or is that not it's already
optimized you know a bullet a bullet yep
wait that's not that's not right unless
that's a home home rule for you
absolutely
yeah there's okay there's magic ammo but
not just like regular ammo for purchase
yeah but you could well use certain shot
depending on the universe certain shops
would sell plus one crossbow bolts right
sure yeah yeah right most D&D universes
would have that I don't know if yours
does know you can you'll never be able
to find the magic items for sale in any
of my campaigns anywhere ever
interesting okay yeah maybe some very
minor things like a light stone or
something sounds like the free
dog-sitter panic in here
you don't think a +1 bolt is like pretty
minor no I don't think so
I got the process to create them is
pretty complicated and messy and magical
items are rare enough that they're too
valuable to sell you know what an Iron
Cross Pope won't be more damage against
X armor bonus to hit bonus to hit ya
okay I'm ready so it'll take you two
weeks to get to your destination why
don't we take it after the first week or
so you are well out of the shallow sea
and you have moved around the peninsula
known as the iron Ridge you're now down
over here and what is this first week
out at sea like with your newfound
friend kuhmo and your new bard and
having just murdered a couple people
think it last left off there was some
debate over whether or not it was okay
to kill all those folks captain Barbeau
has definitely changed his mind and he
is
he thinks that murdering them was the
correct choice all right not morally
flexible of you Thank You gerald as the
longest-lived member of this party um as
this what you're used to are you
comfortable with everything that's
happened Gerald has taken up a tattered
gray cloak that he found on a trash can
when leaving fen den and he's smoking a
pipe now kind of steering's poor lonely
at the the sea and he thinks that there
has to be a greater purpose to what
we're doing but he doesn't know what it
is and he's just sort of distanced
himself from the world what is this
magic power and the responsibility that
he has and he's just not sure Wow Wow
pretty heavy what about you pearl is
this everything that you dreamed it
would be these the great adventurers and
heroes you had hoped for
um he's definitely trying to remain
optimistic in the light of you know
finding out that all her companions are
basically murderface she's just kind of
hoping that no one murders her while
she's nothing to see hey guys I love you
we're friends right it's pearl artistic
or does she just does she just write I
think she would be an artist
okay so she just drawn her little book
as well okay she has a little sketchbook
where she writes her thoughts and Jos
okay and last but not least kuhmo you've
just met these people you're a
professional murderer how do you feel
about everything that's been kuma feels
great God have a lot of action got away
pretty safely we did one plan that went
off like without a hitch
feels really good we're getting to go to
another exciting part of the world
everything is just generally as
optimistic as possible for great yes am
I able to go up to kuhmo real quick talk
to him hey kuhmo yeah captain Barbeau
how are you doing today I'm good you
know I just wanted to say that you were
right about yesterday we should have
killed that man without no hesitation I
don't really understand why I was trying
to let him go it was a momentary lapse
in judgment so you're right I knew you'd
see things my way eventually don't worry
you're a smart lad I try to be I'm just
trying to keep the party safe trying to
keep us safe trying to keep this boat
safe I like you a million times more
than my old friend his name was Locke he
was too he just did everything by the by
the book unless the book
in ER interfered with his opinion so
it's interesting you seem to have quite
the history with this Locke character
were you two close friends no no no he
was just my Lackey okay cuz he seemed to
bring him up at every given opportunity
I'm not sure if there's a reason why er
yeah someone I you know use my Lackey so
okay I said an iPad i Cuomo Pat's uh
captain barber on the shoulder don't
worry whenever this guy did you in the
past I've got your back 100% I won't let
anything happen to you and then I leaned
in real close and I look him in the face
I say as long as you don't [ __ ] with me
okay I try not to [ __ ] with you I'm
gonna go tend to Bobby Bobby Bobby
sitting at the helm or standing at the
helm on a little Mill Creek looking over
oh [ __ ]
sword fighting with him while he's
steering the ship why is Bobby stick
Bobby or Jimmy Oh Bob sorry Bobby Bobby
stay on the ship it was like why [ __ ] is
button yeah you can find little Bobby
he's near the prow he's looking out and
you can spar with him why don't you give
me a reattach roles and we'll see
I'll give him three attack roles and
we'll see how well you're doing were
sparring tax plus for Bobby's not doing
so well you handedly defeat actually you
wrote one on the last one he still
misses you with the seven so there's a
sparring back-and-forth Bobby still
can't keep up with you but he's getting
a little better you know he's got a
proficiency in these weapons and it's
just his low stats that are keeping him
crappy attacks in fact he should
probably be rolling in +3 but he's
making progress good making progress
give him some words of encouragement
that him how he's almost able to hit me
the third time so proud of him kuhmo
when he sees him sprawling you kind of
shouts over what's your connection to
that lad over there captain uh this is
my squire
why do you have such a useless Squire
ha training him do you charge him for
this do I charge him for training him
know he's gonna be useful in battles
soon should have seen him a few weeks
ago a few weeks ago I can't imagine it
was any more useless than he is now
long drag of his pipe but he can wake up
as glorious as we do kuhmo
does this mean he's gonna be coming with
us on our next adventure uh he might say
with little Jimmy interesting a little
Jimmy's ok boarding and grooming this
little lad for free I'm sure I can pay
little Jimmy enough if he needs it hmm
little Jimmy you mind keeping a care of
this kid that's why were your poop decks
and whatnot who looks at him yeah we can
always use a new person besides I need a
whipping boy interesting where I come
from the masters don't usually pay the
apprentices to train them but hey I'm
sure you know what you're doing captain
Barbeau better than I do
thanks Cuba Gerald's turning the pages
in a book the encyclopedia Magica and
studying it he never got a chance to
take a look at its one of the three
books he got from Malachi it's good book
yeah has a whole list of magical items
interesting yeah looking at page 1089
and you're reading about these seeds
those magic seeds called dragon lilies
they're usually found in groups of 1 to
4 and many have been developed to
contain troll flowers when the bright
orange blossom of the Dragon lalit is
disturbed it sprouts a small burst to
fire that causes one point of damage
attempting to smell the blossom normally
results in singed beards and eyebrows
interesting magic light of the world
Jerell takes a long drag of his pipe and
reads over the passage his feet hanging
off the side of the ship as he leans
against the pole
tattered quote blowing in the wind
I'm gonna go up to pearl pearl my new
intern how have you been yes the intern
that's me hi I'm pearl I'm good
don't kill me I'm not gonna kill you
pearl why would you think that I just
you guys really you know nothing no
reason no no reason nothing I I don't
know what to say pearl um are you afraid
of us
no afraid of you no no not at all
I love I love being with you guys this
is really fun oh all right I guess know
what yeah I can't wait till we land I
can't one of the big burly sailors comes
over to you guys while you're chatting
it goes boy barn you know how to sing
and play sing us a song and play us a
tune and play it well or I'll throw you
overboard
they're all for this uh you can roll or
since you're a real-life bard you can
just give us a regular performance no
make her own that she can't use
out-of-character talent like that no
make a role well it's a solid
performance so what do you play for them
I'm gonna play my foot
I meant more like what is the content of
the song it's a very happy-go-lucky song
it's like really super like well -
really - yeah
do it that sounds so good Lily I'm
looking for the sound okay oh wow this
sounds are really good nice
everybody's applauding you right now Oh
place the shanty - am I the only one
they can't hear something wait you can't
hear oh okay good one Steve just my
classic kuhmo humor what yes
[Music]
nice it was very good that was yeah I
don't know that was quite a 25 but okay
[Music]
the the large sailor does little bouncy
back and forth and dances along with it
and sort of starts dancing back and
forth on the deck and it seems like your
boy just going fine yeah you're playing
is good the sailors like you for that
kumo a little threatening so they leave
him alone the gnome keeps to himself and
it looks like captain barbone owes Bobby
or Jimmy well so everyone gets along on
the ship after two weeks of voyages you
land near the shelter wood on the
southern coast of Aragon over here when
you say nobody to pillage on the way two
weeks of travel you're saying two we're
in a little boat it's like you're in a
big boat are we in a big boat what could
a pirate ship polish boat we're going to
forget not like a frigate Nord probably
Oh an r of course yeah how do you spell
that
okay I think I heard that at legal
legends it's actually a probably not an
our cousin ours less of a coaster than I
was hoping for but I've got limited
ships from here wait what Stephen just
pulled up a picture of a party boat you
looked up GNA R okay okay you said it's
two weeks on ground to strum home right
it was two week spy ship to the shelter
would is like a hundred and twenty you
probably actually one hundred and thirty
or forty miles to where you need to go
and you can do 24 in a day and there was
nobody to pillage on the way I didn't
see any boats or anything there are a
couple of their ships here and there but
nothing small enough that you could take
on you know okay also that's not your
present mission if you're going around
looking for pirating stuff that would be
a totally
different journey oh yeah I agree huh
wait so how far away from storm how long
is a walk 100 and walk through here
you're gonna go a little bit slower
speed 73 / normally take three days I'll
probably take you four days to go here
and then two days to go there so that's
six six days maybe a week too strong hun
easy way to where we at can you send us
on the map again so I can see yeah be
quick all right
as you say would it be quicker if we
went to Locke's parents house got horses
and then went up or no that's not where
his parents are oh Jesus I get it I get
it confused already remembered to him
it's not I'd like to do a a nature check
to figure out kind of like the safest
path to go through kind of get an idea
of the wind that cool sure yeah you've
had access to maps and seeing all of
this stuff before 13 pretty solid sure
why don't we set you guys off here what
about Bobby
I'm not Bobby's staying with the ship
what about the ship and Jimmy are they
waiting here for you are they gonna pick
you up somewhere else are they headed
back as your work with them done I'll
talk to him let's hear it
uh Jimmy do you mind uh just I don't
know pillaging around for two weeks and
then meeting us back at uh back here
right here at this very spot in a
fortnight and a fortnight Jimmy did I
sorry it was I not clear I'm just
checking okay
measure twice cut once you know and
Jimmy I really need nothing I need Bobby
to be alive okay you know it's okay can
do all right a message we will send to
tell you what our new end are my gnome
friend can send a message to your head
Jimmy very cool
and here's 20 gold thanks for the thanks
for the red he takes it and they set off
as soon as they set you on land today is
going to be Sunday the 17th of February
15 11
Oh my birthday was on the 11th you
celebrated on the boat with me happy
birthday hmm Yura played the bagpipes
for you will you roll a performance ich
yeah but it'll be bad because I swear
you always roll bad yeah yeah okay so
you set off through the shelter would it
Gerald not leading the way trying to
keep you guys safe as you go through let
me pull out my handy dandy random
encounter dice let's see what you come
across can you only get the owl into e
cuz you said you never got it before I
was curious B now that we got in
shenanigans
oh that like helped us so for us I don't
know if you know the magic talking owl
yeah I mean it's teeny Dima anything can
be in any setting you know it's an
imagination game you give it anything
you know okay let's see Lucas you've got
a high passive perception so you guys
are walking through the woods when you
notice this this Nashik not sick the
noxious smell in the air it's a little
bit off it's like a little sulfur II but
it's more like rotting flesh or
something or or rotting like a heap of
rotting vegetables that you pick up on
it doesn't smell like the when we were
running from [ __ ] where were we in
copper Hill we were going through the
metallic hills we ran into like those
stone kind of golem guys and I thought
we had a smell of that no no no it does
not smell like basilisks can I run a
nature check to see what it's like if I
might notice you don't hear it
Lukas hears it smells it does my oh [ __ ]
see if I smell anything yet see a smell
with an owl there's my house know it can
I run a perception check with your owl
to see if your Al smells it good good I
was gonna say can I run it yeah
I guess elegance check to see if I'd
know what the smell is
nope growl doesn't notice it go ahead
and give me a nature check please oh I
know it's yeah you have smelled this
before it is similar to a sort of a
poisonous gas that you've once
experienced when you were breaking into
a ship and the wizard down below cast a
spell like the these rolling deathly
clouds came out and wiped out some of
the members of your crew it reminds you
of that sort of smell I will explain to
my party what the smelly smell smells
like can i play them poison what kind of
poison at the mention of a wizard can i
arcane check to figure out what I might
think the spell is sure exists it could
be a cloud kill it could be a other one
called
noxious yeah oh my god I can't I can't
believe I'm blanking on the name it's
not cloud kill it's the other cloud
spells thinking cloud stinking cloud
that's it it could be a stinking cloud
it could be a cloud kill and there's a
third cloud like spell that I can't find
might not be 5e that's why I thought
cloud kills not at 5e is it or I guess
it's way higher level yeah mm-hmm okay
that's probably the only ones that are
in 5e I recall from my studies this may
be something bad we should not travel
further until we know more I have
something to add did the people on my
boat die instantly you were saying I
would remember it I guess yeah they died
yeah they just died instantly um my
Noah's friend might think that we should
at least head around this somewhere yes
I know of only one magic that's strong
and if we encounter it our lives will
not be long today a pinpoint which
direction I guess the smell is coming
from that I reasonably think that we
could go round it
like this way or if it's coming from
this way we can go right you're sort of
like walking into it it's somewhere in
front and maybe to the left maybe to the
right but definitely you've entered it
from the other direction so I think that
we should probably just go hard right
for a while maybe even backtrack a bit
that sound good Gerald mm-hmm I do think
so but it seems like we're walking into
this and we should be gone before it
causes us more trouble well hold on one
minute
don't you have an al Gerald can we send
him forward and try to figure out what
the source of this smell is 120 feet I
suppose I can and I kind of waved my
hand and the silver owl flies up into
the air
wait takes a look I don't mean to [ __ ]
you did Yuri summon the hell yeah and
when it died so in two weeks I would
have yeah yep yeah all right it can go
120 feet around you I want to I want to
go okay well then I can just see the
tops of the trees of the forest you were
in then not too far up then okay it is
the way what is the chemical composition
of this poison would it sink to the
ground if I were to climb the trees and
move from tree to tree would I be over
the poison or would the poison like lift
into the air how would you know that
I could get was counting about we're the
only one who could smell it yes he's the
only one that caught just like a hint of
a whiff you know it's not strong enough
to be affecting anyone at this point in
time okay and then so he rolled a really
good nature check that's just to
remember it but not to tell me the
nature of it I guess yeah because he
doesn't know exactly what this is he's
just smelling something and it reminds
him of this other poison can I suggest
he could climb the tree and see if he
smells it up there with that babe I'm
I'm willing to do that yeah okay yeah
I'll climb up the tree what do you need
yeah you scale a tree and sure enough
the smell is fainter up here kuhmo the
smell is definitely fainter up here but
it is still in my nose per se
and as we close this source I'm sure it
would a compass it what does the LC see
owl
give me a procession check for the owl
now that it's flying instead of a
perched on your shoulder or whatever uh
no nope there's nothing around do you
think roll20 has like a I've heard that
it generates a random seed for people
and like can just roll really bad are
really good for certain people yeah
that's true no those are people who roll
poorly that are really salty and they
want to blame someone else for their
problems if you haven't rolled well in
eighteen episodes you think that's
that's right I think that they recreate
by us oh my god okay all right I think
you should go back and look at every
single one you've rolled and do like a
formula and calculate the average and
see the distribution and you'll find
that it's just about as the owl as the
owl have advantage of perception checks
because it's an owl and I remember we
know this amount in the trees I'm able
to look I guess because I'd have a good
has advantage on perception checks that
rely on sight good remembering there or
good reading of chat one of the two so
certainly your owl is flying around and
flying around and then there's this like
movement and a green scaled leg sort of
shifts forward and some green leathery
wings begin to unfold from behind
something you're just like lift up and
then lower back down momentarily Caleb
what should we do should we leave like
now I see some kind of green creature
entwined wings legs we're yes we're in a
bind I do think that we should depart
this may be a creature beyond our power
I know I think pearl has the right idea
here maybe we should investigate just a
little more carefully get a better
feeling before running from it Green
Dragon that's such an exciting story you
should fight it kuma I've seen this
before it's you might a lot of my
friends died and I'm
start walking backwards like away i
inclined my head Liat take my pipe and
hold it and follow barb oh wait wait
wait one second maybe we could set an
ambush em do you know if this type of
poison emanates from the creature or
haze he cast a spell in some other place
in him coming here won't bring the
poison to us kuhmo what good is it gonna
do to kill some stupid beast
what good is going to do to run from
such a magical amazing creature isn't
that the reason we're out here is gonna
give us nothing have you in such death
by poisonous breath you saved death I
say it's better to die an amazing death
than to never really live at all how are
you going to run from such a magnificent
creature pearl here is so excited I'm
excited for it plenty of fights where we
travel to beyond your sight you have a
plenty of opportunity to prove your
might there I keep walking backwards if
they want to handle it they can join my
team pitched out of it's fine make sure
you include that our team is still alive
also how far away was this creature that
heat with the owl sighted it Gerald how
far ahead was the creature do you think
how far was it yeah it was probably
[Music]
pretty close I've been walking away so
can I turn my back and as we walk away
can I I would like use minor illusion to
just to create the sound of somebody
choking and dying on poison maybe 10
feet in front of me in an attempt to
lure the creature out and then I'll kind
of like kind of like trot up to the
group hopefully with an eye let's put
you all on the map captain Barber has
been walking self away has been north
jails been with me yes Nolan Barbara are
together Kukuanas beginning to walk away
but made an illusion pearl where are you
um how I just following kuhmo can I are
can it's a check of that spell being
cast you know wizard and having that
spell also counter spell is it yeah you
give me an hour can I check because you
know the same spell that he is cast yeah
ten will minor illusions a can trip
right yes right yeah okay yeah you know
no that's Kendra
yeah I you recognize it I tell Barbara
I'm not I just met these people I'm not
worried about if they die we have
another mission to task
I'm just whispering it's a drill yeah
he's I'm letting you know he's created
and he's created some kind of illusion I
know not for what but he's i-i've only
recognized the spell I didn't actually
sense the illusion but he's created one
for some reason
captain barb oh this is the one the
tales told the tales told that you
single-handedly murdered a giant
single-handedly slain dozens of men and
monsters and you run from a mysterious
creature so weak that it needs to shroud
itself in a veil of poison gas come on
another task at hand I'm not worried
about this random creature this seems
like a fun adventure on the way there
why wouldn't you pick up as much exactly
I can't handle it without the brave and
mighty captain Barbeau by my side I'm
not injured and neither is Gerald did
anything for no reason you'll have
plenty of that in this world I've seen
enough of it already
nothing came out of the forest in
response to the coughing dying choking
sound nope okay I guess as I catch up to
captain Bravo
and Gerald can I um can I just fire like
two crossbow bolts kind of like back
like maybe a hundred ash feet to see if
just sure yeah okay
I would see him shading it pretty much
nothing right with my really high
perception like I would know if
something probably back there he's
shooting a fire yeah you're shooting
he's shooting a bolt right in front of
us we both see it yeah no no like well
I'm right behind you but I'm like gonna
hide it or anything okay yeah I wanted
to see if I guess if he's shooting at
anything if I'd notice I'm shooting at
anything or nothing you don't see
anything in the direction he's shooting
wait so the gas was like in this
direction yeah I mean you pick up a
smell right yeah sure I don't have very
good ways yeah yeah I guess I would
shoot like one in this direction and
then like maybe like one in this
direction just kind of like in the
general okay yeah you take a couple of
potshots in the air the bolts land one
into a tree one into the ground and
there's no movement or response from the
forest or any of its denizens keep
walking you guys back out until you
reach the coast having a major sell
around and now that you're back at the
coast let's go back to the other man and
bring you guys to the right spot now
that you're back at the coast here of
the shelter would where would you like
to go
can I throw in a nature check I guess
well I haven't read as one of you like
books or anything I guess to see if like
I think that there's a better path of I
mean none of you guys have really been
through the shelter with the force yeah
Gerald is like using his what he does
remember from what he has read and it's
more of like a general Overland check
than a specific shelter would navigation
check yeah uh Gerald maybe it's um wise
for us to follow the coast and just like
leave the woods and then head up I think
it's so there's less likely to be danger
on the coast itself I don't think we
should go east because new forts over
new fort was wiped out by demons yeah
mm-hmm so maybe head west until we hit
um the overgrowth and then go north from
there and skip the woods into the wilds
history checks from everybody sure yep I
assume we had a map history checks for
what is this for I will tell you after
its roll I don't know [ __ ] about history
deafening Cooma both had it somehow Lily
will you've gotta know this you're a
bard you live one in history as a bard
Wow Lily yeah how strange somehow you
don't know about this which this might
be shocking to me then but both Gerald
not and kuhmo have heard of the
creatures orthis she lives in the
overgrowth which is like a forest of
massive trees thus its name she is a
very old green dragon whose wings have
been chopped off and she lives here she
never leaves the open overgrowth she
can't fly but this is her home she's
never been known to leave this area
that's just an ancient green dragon an
ancient green yes years old friendly
very very unfriendly
a boat fully grown an ancient worm yeah
yeah the city of velara here is spends
most of its time like defending its
walls in case the dragon attacks most of
its resources go into defenses along the
walls this river over here you guys
would know is well guarded on the unit
aside of it with large siege weapons in
case the dragon pops out in a given
point I last jailed um how did her wings
get torn off her do you know what
happened he would know that some great
heroes once maybe seven hundred years
ago or so came through and tried to kill
her didn't do it they all died in the
process but they ruined her wings so she
can no longer fly damn do you think
that's wise Oh Gerald you specifically
through your owl did see leathery wings
yeah we can't be that dragon
there's no right because it's not in
this shelter well I would have been it
would have been massive too right I
would have seen how what was what was it
I get an idea of the size of the thing
that I saw in the shelter would give me
yeah give me a quick intelligence check
to extrapolate from the little bit of
information that you saw cuz you only
got like a glimpse of the leg here oh
this is probably only the young dragon
side of things if it is a dragon mm-hmm
would I have any other reason to suspect
it's a dragon some kind of noxious
poisonous fumes yeah you know I'm not a
character I do but like in character I
mean like I think so uh do you think we
can walk in between the overgrowth and
shelter woods gerald or do you think we
I think it's so I do think it's so I
would suspect these two things are
connected it must be that some of this
dragons young may perhaps be in the
shelter wood or perhaps a single one so
this is some kind of dragon brood but I
know not if it's if it's connected to
the other dude we should even go east
because if a little the little dragons
are transferring between overgrowth and
the shelter wood I think we might meet
one in between
deena geese is the correct decision then
or kuhmo what do we know about new for
it my team is pretty much all you know
it used to be a city run by a dwarf once
upon a time but that was a long time ago
I see I went downhill
no you that this this be a dragon kuhmo
still you want to fight this yes i
mean--if Barbeau is too afraid to do it
I don't want to force it on him too
badly suicide I don't think it's suicide
it sounds like an incredibly exciting
adventure to me it is an incredibly
exciting adventure gerald shrugs pulls
his tattered cloak aside if suicide
excites you I suppose I've seen enough
death in my day myself do you think each
does the correct move Gerald just to be
100% we skip a dragon if we go east we
stay in the woods so we have some
shelter for dragons spots us and that in
the clearing we're in much more danger
I suspect the east is the safest move
okay I agree east along the coastline
near the woods okay
I wonder perhaps if you'd be better on
that boat alongside Bobby maybe captain
barb oh you humor excites me kuma
calling you scaredy-cat hey kuma didn't
want to go fight him alone that's fine
by me
by the end of that day you have reached
the edge of the woods right along the
coast near to new for it you can see the
walls of the town in the distance as
well as the towering mountains known as
the the shadow mountains are there any
signs of who worships a certain God
would I would it be outwardly apparent
if mr. mood and worships of God for
instance that maybe rewards him for
doing heroic tasks would I know that I
yes he would have her insignias
somewhere on him he would have the
symbol of his goddess on her and I'm
sorry what's the name of that got us
again don't tell him if he doesn't know
that he doesn't know I wouldn't know
that I don't care about this is not
something that concerns kuhmo can I roll
for a history check receive I would have
heard people brag maybe like a braggart
talking about this type of God if I
would have heard skinny religion a
religion check goof okay I'll try
no don't care you don't know anything
you probably don't even recognize the
adornments on him as symbols of a God
course map it's pointless
I'd like to pray to have for a little
bit just to myself
silently along the journey and ask her
what she thinks of this whole journey to
storm I'm now that I'm a cleric maybe
she'll speak to me you have one level in
cleric I do well just asking what do you
think of I'm gonna ask like yeah what do
you like do you think like my time would
be better somewhere else do you have any
like other tasks do you think saving
Jorah is best
yes there's a solid route she does not
get back to you yeah ladies usually
don't get back to me so how are we doing
how's their journey going are we walking
all right
you camped that night at the edge of the
shelter would I take it you don't want
to try and go inside the new fort and
camp there
no all right the next day how do you
proceed are you just gonna skirt the
woods you can avoid the woods and I
think we can porch straight up right
like like that you think so yeah
is that way I mean perfect I think
that'd be fine yeah okay you round the
woods and continue on your way no
dragons to be found anywhere hmm
I want to keep the owl 120 feet out
scouting out er up out and up across
across the clearing you should be able
to see quite far right because of those
girls yes again the tether wilds are
massive open terrain and with the owl up
you can avoid the few monsters that
there are here at some point you will
spot like a small pride of lions
cruising around looking for something
but you can navigate so they'll never
find you I've ever heard of sweaty
taming a lion would you like to I'd like
to know if I heard of somebody taming a
lion like I saw you to learn that one I
mean people claim to have tamed all
sorts of things like riding a lion
someone has told you they've ridden a
lion
guaranteed you should try out mmm before
I confess that I have not but I think
it's a better thought then the dragon
that the other idea brought wasn't alone
all right
you leave the lines alone make your way
for a few wait I didn't say no I was
just saying that I hadn't thought one
didn't see she don't like a canteen one
okay yeah
you guys not gonna go hunting down those
lions then no I think a cat would better
suit you than a lion captain barb oh ah
maybe a parrot you keep crossing the
tether while you spot an elephant or two
in the distance at some point the world
they're just regular elephants they have
not been bred nor trained for war and
soon you are approaching this road here
you'll be able to see the town well
before you get to it thanks to the owl
how do you want to go about this do you
want to you can't cross this river I
guess you might be able to cross you
couldn't cross the river or you could go
through the town or you could go around
the town what is the town look like a
smoldering ruin house smoldering
recently smoldering or just ruins from
long ago year old ruins year old ruins
so there's no fires or smoke or anything
I guess that they're not smoldering
after all there is actually there is
steam rising from the the town that's
not sure it does look like it's
smoldering smoldering or lively seems
really I would think Jiminy's I guess no
okay can't we send the Ale to take a
look uh has to be 120 feet I mean I know
relatively you're not gonna be able to
get a good detail until you're too close
but yeah so much hesitation it's just a
burnt down town let's approach let's see
if there's anything of interest in these
ruins Yeah right you approach the town
of cauldron and there is one source of
smoky steamy stuff rising into the air
and as you get to it it is this massive
hot spring sort of in the middle of town
around it are the ruins of what looks to
be like a wooden crane and a basket as
well as some like stadium-style seating
zits the destroyed buildings and while
you're sitting there watching the the
hot spring erupts into a giant geyser of
boiling water and then calms down after
a few minutes hots being like too hot to
like use as a hot spring or can I like
soak in it no no you get you get close
to it and you
feel it's way too hot this is boiling
this is what creates the misty River is
this boiling guys or hot spring
combination in the town of cauldron so
looking at a look at just having the owl
like scout around does it seem like the
town is desolate there's nobody here
super desolate nobody yep all right I
don't sense any danger perhaps we could
thought we could look around for things
stranger you stay the night do we need a
said night like what time is it by now
you've been traveling for days on the
road you'll be arriving somewhere in the
middle of the day here check around and
maybe stay the night here safe enough
yeah let's just keep traveling continue
to rest on the road there's no reason to
camp here than anywhere else it's fine
we can loot the town I guess I don't
know if there'd be anything left little
pearl I admire your fortitude but I
don't think these two seem to want to
fight a dragon tonight have you any
interest in this town's possessions I
have a feeling that anybody with any
interest in these towns possessions
would have taken them a long time ago
the town does look picked over you can
see areas where something was burned but
it has since been like flipster the
unburned side is now facing up the
bottom is all burned it looks like
someone has come through here or a group
of people have come through here looking
for anything of value you poked your
head into a like a tavern that was
mostly intact but like now everything is
knocked down and tossed aside there's a
house over here like there's a bookshelf
and all the books have carefully been
taken away from it but like the rugs
have been picked up and ripped hard
there's like random stabbings threw
couches for malicious soldiers or just
hacking things to bits for funsies with
the investigation check just want to see
if there's anything that they may have
missed
to search the whole town would be a many
many many many many day process so what
do you is this like casual to poke a
head in windows and doors yeah you don't
okay it would be to look for something
but the looters didn't find in the town
would take you a long time
a few digits how it works looming let's
say for instance I find a bunch of
destroyed city and I wanted to cast a
tech magic to check for like like an
illusion that's like blocking like a
hole like something how what is the
width of like detect magic you
understand what I'm asking mm-hmm yeah
like what I would this be a spell I
would have to cast thousands of times
across the city could I cast like wider
versions of it or what happened it lasts
up to 10 minutes and you sense the
presence of magic within 30 feet of you
so so you'd walk around under 30 in a 60
foot wide path how far can you go in 10
minutes
is that a can't represent a level-one
spell the level one spell okay alright I
think we should just continue forward it
doesn't look like there's much in this
town you leave cauldron in the dust and
two days later arrive at the gates of
Strom Han you're gonna be arriving ooh
actually it's gonna be late afternoon
near to evening like the Sun is
beginning to set in the West as you
approach the gates before we get into
town can I have a conversation with our
party ladies all right listen guys we
haven't had much adventure yet I
understand we're feeling a little bit
worn out maybe we should do something
exciting but a little bit on the safer
side so that everybody has a high
spirits like what kuhmo what do you
recommend her vanquish the dragon pearl
I admire your attitude but not quite so
as we've been told it was a man gonna
goes by the name of Grendel here that
we're supposed to find I believe in the
busty barrel you remember that you
remember such a man I remember Grendel
how exciting would it be for one of you
to offer to ferry this man's riches back
to
I don't remember whatever small city we
came from and the other of us stage a
robbery on those riches and walk away
with all of it you're so cool they
should clean cool mall why don't we just
kill the guy and take his riches we
could kill the guy I'm not really sure
if I would like the leave behind well
I'm just trying to keep us safe
this is why it's cousin who we've is one
of our allies this entire journey what
reasonably barely an ally Gerald would
you agree with me there yes I suppose I
would actually it seems as though you
were already fostering some resentment
towards this character I think it'd be
pretty easy for us to walk away with
whatever riches this man is asking us to
transport we could even let the man live
as well I could we should remember that
why it is not unconnected he is a he is
a has proven in the past to have many
different criminal connections
perhaps not worse but I'm sure that this
little heist would never leave this
group of friends perhaps one of us could
even approach him with a
prestidigitation spell or something cast
you won't even recognize who's coming to
offer to help them and then the rest of
us when we rob you will of course be
cloaked and in whatever garments are
necessary no one would ever even know
the wiser maybe I could just slip some
of it I'll show my poison some of this
is drink I could kill the man but I
don't think we don't to be a speck I I
don't think so I agree with pearl here I
think we should go why are you just
excited about robbing this man we'll
just rob him we don't need to kill the
man robbing is basically leaving him for
dead I assumed a man parted from his a
man parted from his riches is not a man
left for dead don't be ridiculous
captain Barbara Tommy kuhmo I like it
alright I'm in so which one of you feels
comfortable approaching this man telling
them he's from Wyatt yeah we'll do it I
would do it unfortunately I Sarah's
matic kuhmo I have quite the reputation
for fulfilling these types of contracts
I don't think I want my face to be
associated with a failure to deliver
goods I
would do more harm to us than good
perhaps one of you three who are a
little bit less known in these shadier
parts of the world go and do this
actually as a my Gerald maybe
prestidigitation kuhmo this is a step
that is outside my power I could
possibly create an image that will
maintain for 10 minutes as long as the
conversation is that short he would be
able to make it through we should
probably get pearl to bring him over
here she's charismatic enough pearl
really going to be enough to sell this
man on the idea that excited yeah but
he's gonna trust her to escort his
riches out of the city pearl you're a
fighter right you're strong yeah I'm a
fighter I'm strong I'm useful well up
you to 10 percent pearl of the wage if
you can do this yes yep
I'll do it she'll do it remember our
focus is not even on the screen Dell
character we have to go meet the Queen
to try to rescue juris I agree and
rescuing Drori seems very important to
you guys and I think that the more
wealth we have available to us easier to
leave for us to accomplish that task
jailed think about the spell book we can
buy you Gerald I see that sign I'll
light up and you want this gold just as
much as the rest of us my spells have
failed to catch us away from death with
my friends but perhaps a little gold yes
well you bore is it Saverin Gerald cheer
you right up
perhaps it would change some things for
the party very well I shall I shall
accompany this sights I believe we
should look for greater purpose but in
the long run maybe more gold will help
us do that alright so you approach the
gates of strong hind the guards on duty
there hail you give it a little
once-over only one part only pearl go in
and we like wait outside can you can you
tell me the plan just so I understand
hey rind kuhmo we should probably be
somewhere a few miles out maybe on like
the North Road sure if this man is going
to entrust our little
here with his wealth if he doesn't then
we can come back without her and she can
you can find someone else to go maybe
the two of you should go together
captain I don't want my name on this
queue mo what's wrong I don't think
anybody will fault you if you're
ambushed by a powerful wizard and a
fearsome elf
everyone knows the great Cuomo in these
parts I have a bad reputation in this
area so uh maybe it's best if you and
Lily go I do you seem strangely averse
to these types of activities being a
pirate captain but I'm sure you have
your reasons me and pearl we'll go we'll
take care of this don't worry all right
Barbara
yep barb oh and barb oh and Gerald you
two are gonna wait probably about two
miles out of this city and as soon as
you see us approaching I guess you can
weed we need you need to create a I'll
be waiting around these trees about ten
miles out ten miles
it's pretty that four miles four miles
four miles okay yeah I think two miles
so an hour away
yeah sure you guys will attack us put up
a convincing fight and we'll pretend to
be knocked out and then you can approach
the man and tell him that if he parts
with his riches they you'll leave him go
and then you can wait was it his
instructions to just hand you the riches
and bring them back he's not coming with
you anyway Willie not wait we were
supposed to bring him back yeah
yeah the plan is to take him and bring
him and his wealth so instead we so
instead we'd knock we'd take everything
and then leave him there yeah we
shouldn't talk to him at all Gerald we
should literally knock his ass out and
still [ __ ] I'm not very good at knocking
things out are you a lot can you declare
non-lethal damage on a spell coypu no oh
well you could always you could always
not gonna know
fireball you cannot come out and then
stabilizing that works we couldn't just
whatever you do make sure you don't
damage the wagon that we're wheeling out
on because we won't be able to deliver
anything to anybody if we're if we
destroy the transport well why are we
delivering all right well to take it
away to ourselves I imagine we need up
we need to unload the wagon somewhere
are we all on board with this or do we
need to walk over this one more time
sounds good kuhmo do you understand
pearl okay walk through it one more time
we are going to approach this man we're
going to tell him that we will assist
him transporting his riches back to
wherever city he why it was from and
then as we make our way out of the
forest
captain barber and Gerald will come out
of nowhere and they'll attack us now we
won't really be fighting but he'll be
under the impression that he's being
robbed by two fearsome warriors or at
least one fearsome warrior in this druid
and once that fight happens he'll knock
us out which case will pretend to be
knocked out and then they'll knock him
out and then we'll make off with the
wagon and we'll leave him rich les baux
earth where we will to have Dominic on
this whole journey Koivu nope I mean if
you wish I can just put him into a
magical sleep and then he wakes up none
the wiser that sounds perfect it's a I
mean just keep in mind why it will hold
us accountable for failing and this is
not a person who is I'm telling you I
think his worth angering but I don't
know we should [ __ ] with Wyatt how about
this I'll give you a signal as we make
our way out of the city for whether or
not this is worth it okay I'll peruse
his riches and I'll see how much he has
in store
I think of there's enough I think we can
make this worth our while what's the
signal I can go and I can get the signal
also weren't you guys gonna get Joris
out of jail I mean you know what Joris
later there's no rush yeah look I used
to chilling in jail what is he gonna be
executes anytime soon
death row is he nobody get him out of
the city and you leave with him how are
you supposed to go back in and get your
us out we'll just go back to the city
after we rob this dude all the way back
ditch him I don't care about this guy
you figure handle why not handle this
this task at hand we have a wizard
Majoris is morally good I would be
listen we have the opportunity to
procure possibly a great amount of
wealth that would definitely assist us
on our journey so - what - what and we
can't put it anywhere we have we have
other things to do we're gonna have
packets for gold what do you mean oh we
love lip pockets for a wagon full of
stuff was depending what kind of so
maybe he has spell books maybe he has
magical objects of untold power maybe he
has arcane stones that allow you to
channel magic you could have only
dreamed of gerald certainly you must be
somewhat interested in the contents of
this man's wagon I say the contents no
matter what be even if we do the thing
without and even if we do this without
stealing it and I could probably request
of Wyatt something specific if I see of
interest to it I just don't see what we
get from Wyatt if we need money we can
get it from why he didn't seem opposed
to like getting us anything we wanted he
got us rattlesnake poisoning and in a
jiffy a second but betraying betraying a
person with these criminal connections
has implications across the world yeah I
don't I don't we don't even know what
Wyatt does and it is a part reach
obviously because he has somebody in
storm I'm okay yeah that's okay pearl
I'm sure we'll find our adventure soon
let's go see if we can tend to our
prison mate yours maybe we can post bond
bail them out maybe we can get jobs as
mailman or something and earn enough to
free them from this predicament
since that scene by with a path we're
headed on anyway I will shake my head
because I do feel like lock is in my
head and somewhere being like a guiding
conscience and I feel the same your
obsession with death is dangerous for
having joined this party can you blame
me one of the reasons I was able to find
you is because I'd heard fantastic tales
about thee and
st. achievements that you guys had
accomplished perhaps take it from a
gnome who's been through quite a bit
perhaps you should exercise a little
patience we are going to go meet the
wizard who will instruct us on meeting
accounts who is in Taurus lead an army
sacrum a second only half of the land to
the north of us I'm sure we'll have
plenty of your excitements soon enough
hmm sounds oddly political I just don't
know if I have the interest for this but
we'll see hitomi want some sugar go if
you don't all right you guys head it too
strong fine the garden feels you have
two gates and sit as if you'd like
entrance into the city you got to tell
us what your business is and surrender
all of your weapons I have come here
before to talk with Queen out releasing
Serge Oris hmm well good luck with that
hand over your weapons thank you very
much um I will do the routine hand over
everything I'm gonna try and hide my
phase dagger sure where are you gonna
try and hide it uh in my prison wallet
your prison wallet yeah in my pants
you're gonna keister a diamond a tree
it's in leather it's in a leather thing
I'm just gonna hold it up they're not in
it it's just gonna be between the cheeks
like in the middle okay he never knew
about the prison everyone else is
happily surrendering all weapons but I
have to forfeit my bolts are can I hold
on to these they really need my arrows
oh no you can leave you can have your
bolts they'll take your crossbow but you
I mean what whatever I don't care
hold on of my votes okay sounds good
you wanted spots at all no no you can
keep your walking stick that's fine but
you have any swords and daggers or
knives or slings very good good Oh so
kind that's fine it's fine
come on in old man have a saw I kind of
hobble for
Oh Oh these old birds are not what they
used to be thank you yes
we can't hold the door open all day
shuffle and kind of slowly and pearl do
you surrender your weapons can I keep my
instruments of course okay here's my
rapier all right all right with me
keeping my vial I mean they don't like
jump out your backpacks and go through
it they like Pat you down and just do
like a quick like open the bag put the
flashlight in look around I will give
them a perception check to notice your
semi cue stirred dagger pretty key soon
oh they totally catch it they're like
patting you down and what of them like
Pat's your back son goes bumps into this
awkward thing between your cheeks like
what's this hold on whoa they pull the
pants back and you start like saying
whoa chill one reaches a hand down and
immediately grabs a sheath I have no
idea huh and at that point they will
search the rest of your belongings yeah
all right let me take a look at your
character sheet cuz they were old really
well on there they're searching there I
was giving them everything but that
dagger and the file I guess I was gonna
keep my amulet because that's about the
amulet they're just patting you down
looking for stuff they've got everyone
down but they found something on you
they don't care about your wealth or
your shield or your armor or your tools
the vial is pretty much the only other
thing in your backpack right it's like
your vial your thieves tools in your
navigators tools like my amulet to my
undereyes emulation problem some of your
money so your back looks pretty empty
they look in and I pull this out and
like what is this it's a potion one of
them uncorks it and sniffs it what's it
do
have you ever drank a potion before the
eyes narrows his eyes at you and puts
that with the dagger and goes we'll just
hold on to this for safekeeping you want
to and someone else is like looking at
the unraveled thieves tools and
navigators tools looking back and forth
and this these what are these Fork
sailing you ever been on a ship son and
then they point to the thieves tools in
these it's fair undoing doors on the
ship what would be in a thief spoil I
guess like it would be like a lock bacon
you know small hammer small chisel
varying sizes little bits of wire that
have different grooves and bumps on them
maybe some also for chiseling making
nice little trinkets you know any boat
chiseling over here that trinket
chiseling I just sold my last ones in
limestone uh-huh marble trinkets I can
make them and bring them on the way back
that's great you can make some trinkets
when you leave town and they will leave
your they'll take your navigators tools
and your thieves tools and the vile that
they don't know what it is and all of
your weapons but they'll leave you with
your wealth and everything they'll write
you a receipt for all of your stuff so
you can get it back and each of you your
own receipts and you can I know why
malachi hates the [ __ ] boys mm-hmm
they're very careful around here but now
you're in the big city of Strom Haim you
have two goals get yours out of jail and
find this guy at the busty barrel and
escort him and his money back safely to
straw defendant which way we're going
first George Barris yeah cool Prison
Break
that's exciting payment let's go it
sexually assaulted gay it's you talking
on the Queen about that one okay her and
I hit it off last time quite me you
remember yeah you impressed her she
winked at me
did she really do you remember I don't
remember
I'm not forgettable
for Barbeau okay so where to
to the castle right away yeah go right
to the castle with so you guys want to
come maybe it's best if I go and alone
Gerald I I should probably come I think
I think I can offer fun do you think
yeah four is too many all of us maybe
while you do them maybe while you two go
me and pearl can head to uh
Grendel or whatever and we can see what
he wants us to do for him okay just
don't kill him it's late in the day so
the cat you probably won't get an
audience with the Queen tonight cuz it's
you know almost evening already then in
the morning
sure okay where do you guys want to go
do you want to go right to the place we
can find Grendel or do you want to go
somewhere else and meet up with him
later just want it turned in for the
night and you guys can meet him in the
morning so in the morning I guess
Barbara and I go to the castle and then
purl and kuhmo go to Grendel sure okay
okay so what do you do out of curiosity
on your your night here in town before
all of this like you're in Strom Haim
it's a big bustling city is there
anything that you guys are doing are you
people not crashing out sell weapons and
trauma there are weapons and armor for
sale yes you get them at the gate
well like you if you buy your weapons
you can transport them back to your
house without any problem but if you're
like walking around with weapons and
guards see you they will come and stop
you and if you're like I just bought
these I'm taking them home they'll
escort you home make sure they get put
away just go by one dagger you can go by
one dagger yeah
easy thank you how much 200 copper two
hundred copper hell yeah um I'll go to
the library I guess for the night okay
and I'll search for just any kind of
like articles of you know how that
usually libraries keep papers that like
old newspapers and old articles and
things like that
hmm since we've been gone I want to just
look through things and try to figure
out what's been going on in the region
and I'll roll any relevant check if you
need me to no you don't you can just
read through
that's fine so you go to the library
parole what are you doing I want to hang
out with kuhmo okay kuma what are you
doing then that would actually be super
exciting so I have quite the advanced
network of people I would like to walk
around the city and try to find one of
my contacts here to see if I could just
get any interesting information about
what's been going on in the city maybe
anything notable with any kind of people
or figures I also in addition finding a
dagger I want to go find my scurvy
people and see if I can figure out what
happened to juris why he's in jail what
he stole possible thanks okay actually
dagger shops are closed because it's
evening already weapons shops are closed
so you're all sort of splitting up to
gather information let's go through this
one at a time starting with Devon you go
to library look through old newspapers
there are some weekly publications here
in town and it's skimming through them
you know life is going well there's been
these weird murders some Nobles in
nearby cities were tried to be
assassinated and all of a sudden like
the major temple and pound burns to the
ground the city goes on full lockdown
doesn't let anyone in or out everyone
get searched is a huge investigation
there's all sorts of like concerns about
guards busting down houses and arresting
people left and right
eventually it settles a group of clerics
and their acolytes down south in a swamp
have been arrested they people come to
the conclusion that those are the ones
responsible for burning down the major
temple in town and the gates open again
Commerce resumes and then all of a
sudden these these demons appear out of
nowhere coming up the south road trash
the city walls a little bit but they get
repelled and then Scouts go about and it
looks like all the cities to the south
have fallen they become refugees that
slowly make their way here from all
sorts of places food shortage hits all
of the farms that normally produce food
and send it to here are falling apart
and so there becomes starvation in the
city for a few months thousands of
people die the bodies are all thrown
into like a big pit together and burned
because there's there's too many bodies
eventually the population lowers enough
and enough people like leave that it's
sort of stabilizes
and after about a year or so just right
around where you are here and now it's
this like awkward situation where
there's barely enough food to feed the
people the existing reserves are being
eaten through pretty quickly
wait what you say here we're talking
about right now strong behind the city
that you're in yeah holding shut the
population has plummeted the guards are
on high alert anyone seen doing anything
suspicious or out of places arrested a
lot of you know jails are full the
executioner's block is busy life has
generally gone to hell in a handbasket
and the very very young Queen she's like
21 or 22 now her name is Chiara sanguine
she's having a tough time of all of this
she's like trying to rule with an iron
fist and that water fishery of town what
news of copper Hill and cam vicious the
one of the most recent articles that you
have talks about when camp vicious and
his army camped outside the town they
camped out for a little while there were
some meetings between end boys the
newspapers are filled with rumors of
what could have happened but no one
really knows what was said and then
after a couple days the army just
marched away without attacking the city
in any way shape or form what came down
how big was the army per se looked to be
about three thousand two thousand two to
three thousand versus wait this is
vicious his army or somebody else
[ __ ] are vicious yeah and if you were
expecting it to be an army of the undead
it's not it's an army of leaving living
breathing people any any special things
among the rumors like does he have a
dragon does yeah is he is he a white
Walker like what does he have no he's
not even mentioned just that his you
know his banners appeared for a few days
and then vanished
it's trauma care about that or I'm sure
some people did but you know they came
and they left without causing any
problems so it's sort of fine say didn't
sack the town nope Strahm time was not
even engaged
I met copper Hill Oh copper Hill Oh
copper hills [ __ ]
it's burned to the ground it doesn't
exist anymore by vicious that's the
leading theory that's what the few
people that came from copper Hill had
said that vicious was coming to destroy
their town and now the town is destroyed
so one plus one
probably equals two probably I'm not
sure is that enough for you Devon yeah
it's great thank you so much
moving on kuhmo and pearl you head to
one of these places where kumo got
contacts you find yourself at dirty
thieves
it's a tavern in town unlike its name
it's a scummy skeevy little tavern and
you can see that the bouncers here are
doubled since the last time you were in
this place there's two on each door
they're big burly men with like sticks
resting against the door there there
door props in case they need to leave
the door open for a little while but you
and everyone else knows they're really
flapping sticks in case anyone it's
their their [ __ ] stirred and what are
you looking for here
um I guess some information maybe if
anybody knows anything about URIs and
then if anybody knows anything about
Grendel these are the two people that
I'm most interested in a moment and then
if there are any other like noteworthy
shadowy figures that are like passing
through nobody knows anything about
Joris the person you ask like oh isn't
that that wizard near copper Hill but
that's all they know and when you
mentioned Grendel same person nods and
goes yeah I know Grendel what do you
need I can get it for it whatever you
need I can get it probably cheaper just
curious how much you know about the man
I've heard that he's come into a great
amount of wealth
I'm just carry some you know anything
about it he possesses any items of note
worthiness or if it's just general gold
he's a member of the family you know
okay yeah you know yeah I got you yeah
so there what do they call it the father
here in town
that's there you know leader in this
area and one of the head honchos in this
part of the world interesting okay you
have some dealings with him no I'm just
keeping up on the local population
seeing if there's anything of interest
around here that I should be looking
into
mm-hmm where do you been lately he tries
to get some you know equal information
back out of you it doesn't particularly
matter though I don't think oh yeah just
sailing unfortunately looking for
something to keep myself entertained all
I've come across so far is this
wonderful little gnome by the name of
pearl wait you're not a gnome are you
all right an elf you're a small elf no
what the [ __ ] is a halfling what do you
look like you said you're like the
refeed tall Hobbit
yeah there's the copyright free version
of hobbits
haffley my little halfling friend here
pearl basically we're looking for
something exciting enough to for her to
record in her little adventure book
there was a dragon but we missed it I'm
really sad about that you thought a
dragon you saw a dragon I didn't know
they could blow that much fire it was
astounding oh my goodness it was crazy I
could scarcely breathe its wings we're
taking the breath away from my lungs
nightmares that night about the dragon
that was insane
absolutely both of you give me deception
checks thank you for making them brawl
because if I did that they oh well Kubo
tells a great story like persuasion
performance this is a lie they're for
deception kuhmo tells a great story
pearls kind of adding in here and there
and on its own it probably wouldn't work
but as adding detail it's fantastic and
soon you have it most of the tavern
gather around you listening to the story
and raptured by it is there anything
yeah a couple of people chipping some
coppers at the end of it thinking this
might be some sort of like
performance thing and you get all sorts
of questions thrown in you're playing my
lute at the same time we're like weaving
the story together Oh give me a
performance check Ellen you know you you
forgot to tune it before you started but
it was so loud you didn't notice until
you're halfway through the song you're
playing right but it's like slightly out
of tune it's it's fine it's fine okay
all right you guys attract the attention
of the people I'll get some drinks
before you have a good time I think
regaling people the story of Your Dragon
do you give it a name yeah yeah what was
that what was the name again kuma that
dragon the name of the dragon I believe
they called him Zoran I think the war on
Iran yes
what color was it Zoran emerald green
emerald it's black yeah with black it
was so incredibly shiny when the Sun hit
it scales just right you were blinded
sparkling where did you fight this beast
or see this beast I believe they called
it the or the overgrowth of course pearl
you remember you wrote this down in your
book sorry stinky we just wait we we
just scarcely made it out of there she
hasn't even had time to retune her lute
and this is exactly why she rolls an 11
on the deception check and he rolls a 20
all right last but not least let's flip
over to Lucas what were you doing I was
going around to see if I could find what
happened to Joris what he stole with
like that's like my sole goal I'm sorry
actually would you like at the end of
our tails that we just told to these
people can I pull out a shiny emerald
green drag dagger that I'd pulled from
the mouth of this Dragon am i able to
summon this is my pack weapon can I do a
summon pack up and summon a shining and
drag I believe I'm able to summon a
weapon right I think he's summon the
same weapon as a world I don't know if
it has to be the same weapon unless I
unless I've like packed myself to a
magical weapon that I've sealed into
another space so pack to the blade you
can use your action to create a pack
weapon in your empty hand you can choose
the form that this weapon takes each
time you create it so you can create a
packed weapon but it's going to be
fairly basic like you can't create
something extremely ornate necessarily
but I should be able to create like a
green like a green dagger I like it the
most shiny one in the world right
sure you can tint it green is it gonna
be the metals green or like the binding
around the handle those dreams and
whatever is the greenest thing whenever
it makes it going whatever makes it most
dragony greeny type of thing yeah I went
like a green I went like a green handle
and maybe like a worn out kind of blade
that I pulled from the mouth of this
dragon and I and my tail is that this
was a dress a dagger that we pulled out
and I want to see if someone here wants
to buy it from me for fifty gold no one
wants to buy your green dragon dagger
for fifty gold as they all stand around
listening to this table not a single
person would want to pony up maybe
twenty gold I mean you're at the latest
gimme scuzzy thieves tavern they've all
played the game like look at this guy -
man I just thought it's so expensive but
now I have to hock it like this is thief
101 right maybe five gold give me a
deception check to try and I roll the
twenty already you know what here's
another one right here you go quit mu
there's another twenty someone wants us
for at least ten gold alright there's
some rookie here some rookie thief
that's ready to make his name and
fortune he comes up he's like yes I'll
pay ten gold and you can see the other
people in the bar like realize what's
going on none of them say anything they
all know it's scam and they are like oh
that's yeah that's fine good good job
kid you're gonna slay a lot of monsters
with that you're gonna make yourself
rich and they're all like give me a
week's and nods and nudges and you sell
your packed weapon for ten gold awesome
I hand them the weapon and then as soon
as I do I grab pearl and I tell us we
need to leave immediately because this
will disappear after one minute so
okay okay don't you want to stick around
and see me throw it we're already out
the door I'm leaving alright you leave
Lucas you said you wanted to go
investigate why Joris was doing this
thing how do you I'd like to amount or
most likely I'd like to go talk to like
the sheriff or like the sheriff's deputy
sure you can find the sheriff's station
it's right near the castle I had one of
his deputies is lollygagging about uh
excuse me sir
what can I do for you I'm interested in
why my companion Joris was arrested
Joris the gastro man sir yeah the man of
many smells he's a good cook I'll give
you that I believe that's some sort of
dispute with the Queen apparently he
stole something of hers at least that's
the rumor floating around town I
actually went and spoke with the and I
am tasked with getting that item back
but um in her you know I don't know if
you spoke with the Queen before she's
very um what's the word stressed out
right now
and in her stress she forgot to tell me
exactly what he stole hmm well sounds
like you need to speak to the jailer if
you want to talk to Joris himself or to
her oh it's a chancellor if you want to
speak to her
do you mind escorting me to the jailer
then maybe um just to have a chat sure
I'll take you to the jailer and he walks
with you gets partway down the street
and stops and looks at you and goes and
hold on do you have any proof that
you're on a mission from the Queen high
speed she didn't give me a letter or
anything she didn't give you a writ or
anything no I was kind of hastily
dragged out of there um is there any way
I could have like Grenaa persuasion
check I guess yeah give me I guess this
is gonna be another deception check to
just come off as so
honest that he that's it oh my god most
honest man in the world all right look I
know the Queen's been busy they've been
in a mess I'll take you to the jailer
she's young she's stressing like she did
though it give me a wink so who knows
she blinked with two eyes doesn't me she
gave you always use me pearl are you
here metagaming pearl at it again all
right
the deputy takes you to the castle you
guys go in you make a hard right and go
right to the jail the entrance to the
dungeons which is kind of in the
courtyard of the jail you had a
courtyard of the castle you head down
inside to where the jailers are and
that's where the deputies stops with you
and dropped you off and says right
there you go here's the jailers the
monster there any way I can out of
curiosity is there any way I can get
like a written thing for the guards that
I can keep my weapons or something when
I come in and out of strom home is that
something you guys do in this town or
Queen the sheriff or any of the Knights
in town can help you out with that one
I'm sorry I'm a deputy I don't have that
power you'll get there one day put in
for putting a good word for me maybe huh
oh well I don't think Leandre is gonna
be retiring anytime soon she's quite
young
thank you sir okay you get to the jailer
it's a middle aged man kind of slender
with big meaty hands he looks you up and
down his gray eyes and I'll stick out my
head and I'll be like I'm Brad barb oh
and I hear I'm here to ask about Jorah
what exactly did he steal I'm tasked by
the Queen to get that item back
we don't have anyone by the name of
Jorah Joris dungeons hmm well I can't
let you talk to him he's a wizard you
know young gag him and he'll he's a
gasifier ball blow you up
yes unbind his hand so he can right
it'll turn you into a newt
he's a gastro man sir sir he's harmless
harmless you say that's not the case
I've seen Wizards you know what they can
do with their pinky finger I travel
around with a wizard actually one of
those I've ever seen you with their
pinkies I do I guess do you know what he
stole then or they'd be on your log book
I assume that you know I just have a log
of who's here and who's not here no
one's not here do you know what I mean
yeah I saw no one on the street
yesterday definitely not in jail why
does the jailer do I get like the vibe
that he could be bribed to like let me
talk to him or how do you get that vibe
like I would just say he's very dumb he
just seems very stupid doesn't seem like
the sharpest tool in the shed
certainly I I have orders by the Queen
herself do you want to speak with her I
guess tomorrow and I do I need to bring
her down here to come into the and talk
to Joris I'm under direct order that's
why the deputy sheriff brought me ooh
that gives him pause give me one more
deception check well Evans not gonna cut
it at advantage because of ephra my
goddess wants me to do cool [ __ ] and I
get an inspiration and I haven't had one
in a long ass time you do you have an
inspiration right now I just haven't had
one in so long Koivu and I think my
fighting with little Bobby should have
been really cool that interactions that
I do with little Bobby should actually
give me an inspiration I feel like well
even if you had an inspiration you have
to use it before you roll it if I would
have had when I would have done it
that's why I'm kind of begging you
please let me talk
I buy you pizza that one time remember
pizza is not a bribe do not get any
benefits for that all right
no did the guard says I are gonna have
to bring a writ from the Queen or
something something more than just she
told me to talk to him will you just
please at least go speak with him and
ask him what he stole it'll take a told
you he's gagged why a nun gagging him
can you let him write something down I
told you his hands are bound well
I can't wear your death do you have ear
wax in your ears I'm gonna die here with
this pinky what can he do tell me I can
turn you into a newt you ever seen
somebody get turned into a newt before
no cuz I'm not dumb enough to talk to a
wizard with unbound hands I'll bring my
wizard here tomorrow then with you in it
I will and I'll spill it about he stomps
in all right we can just flip to the
next day no probably yeah can I go to
Malik gerald yeah you can find Gerald
gerald can eat just message
Joris hmm what I was reading
can you just tweet Doris and see what he
did uh is it that important it requires
great power from me the Queen last time
wouldn't tell me exactly what he did
Blake stole well I think our plan is
well I could send him a message says hey
we're trying to get you out like what do
you suggest or what and what did you
steal you let me do that yeah it sounds
perfect
okay I'm thinking we can go to the Queen
and maybe ask her to do some kind of
quests in exchange for Joyce's freedom
and then gather the others and go do
that question I asked last time and she
said that she would not do anything
unless we got back what he stole and
then I asked what he stole and she said
she wouldn't tell me okay let me let me
just a moment night then reach up to my
my hand my hand onto my head and then
I'm still at the library it's start uh
Turing a couple of words underneath my
breath and then let me see I need 25
what'd he know the identity of me the
identity of the person in his head or do
ID do identify myself I think I do right
that's a good question
yeah do you think yeah what is in their
head and I guess here's the message in
his mind so I think you could hear he
would probably hear it in your voice
yeah that seems fair yeah okay um so one
two three Joris we're trying to get you
out of prison need to know what you
stole or how to help please respond
okay I just like the please respond
okay and Joris is going to reply with
you know what we're about half way why
don't we take a quick break here and on
the return from break I'll have a well
composed message for you Oh reason right
okay sounds good we're going to break
we'll be back be back soon guys don't go
anyway
you
ha
he didn't say Lily go Lily she didn't
know Whaley we're in we're waiting
everyone is waiting catacombs where we
last left off something
penitently inspiration for that intro no
I'm serious take inspiration um so the
response you get from
Joris when you ask him what he stole is
by all the deeds of Martha I told her I
didn't steal it
my now dead companion once stole her
mother's necklace though ah Gerald who
was his now dead companion I mean that
was useless I don't want to cast another
spell I wait that's his answer when I
asked him how to help you we're gonna
we're trying to get you out of prison
yep that was the dancer he's not gonna
send me another one uh he can't cast it
his hands are tied and his mouth was
gagged do we think is now dead companion
was his officer friend and darf no darf
is too young darf is like a generation
below Joris so he says he stole a
necklace um I mean we could wait another
day I oh it's gonna I using another
spell for what we have a head I we
shouldn't do it do you mind casting one
more and then tomorrow no tomorrow we'll
make sure we rest before we do anything
just to ask him where it would be or I
mean we can wait a day if you really
feel like it yeah I mean let's go see
the Queen and see what happens and then
Hoyt yeah okay you all head back to a
tavern together and by now it's fairly
late you what sort of the tavern quality
you want to stay at the best
the best the richest happen around okay
you find yourself at the Ruby Lounge one
of the fancier Inns and taverns in town
here you know all the decorations are
hand-carved mahogany there's like silver
or gold decorating things all over the
place there's a nice roaring fire that
they fill with Mesquite so it smells
nice as they as it burns you know and
cremate it is gonna be 300 copper a
night for that much money
Ari Gold this seems like something that
would give you like a temp HP or
something for resting here it's a it's a
classy comfortable joint but it sounds
magical or fancy or it's fast
give me another spell slot sure seems to
be a foolish waste of gold here captain
barb oh you don't think we could find a
place a bit cheaper to the rest if you
want to go rest in the shit'll you may
kuhmo I'm gonna rest here with my friend
Gerald in a room for three gold each or
four one three gold that's truly what
you want to do that's fine I seem to
find the shadier parts of town a bit
more interesting you went into a lot of
interesting characters down there more
so than you do with the wealthy slobs
that seem to inhabit this place I'll
give him a little poke and whisper in
his ear watch me slide a hand if you go
lit off these [ __ ] and I'll pay for
my room myself tonight you seem mighty
brave now that there's no one around
here to fight you
what why say it again I'm sorry come
right in here you said you seemed mighty
brave in a city where everybody's
required to leave their weapons at the
door
oh I don't speak idiot come oh sorry I
couldn't hear you again sorry I wasn't
that funny I'm on your side come oh okay
oh I give him a good pat on the shoulder
you're a funny one captain barb oh you
put on a brave face I respect that and
then I leave and then I go to find like
a more cost-efficient hotel you can find
the tuckered hag it's a cheap ass place
you can get a room for a 10 copper oh
can i fellow come on again I have five
gold in my inventory nice all right the
two of you go to the tuckered hag while
Luke
and my lick see I'm sorry Devin yeah the
Ruby lounge and when you get in there
captain Barbeau your reputation precedes
you because sitting at one of these
tables sort of near the fire but not too
close to it is this woman with a red
corset and a black skirt with kind of
like poofy sleeves coming out of it
a golden like a pear piece with her long
golden hair and she looks in your
direction and gives you a friendly wave
and then beckons you over hi
I gave her a wink and I'll walk over
there with my gnomish friend are you the
legendary Captain Barbeau she says ah
yes captain Barbeau that is I the
servant of ephra what can I do for you
and this must be your manservant no this
is my equal Konoe would you get us a
drink please
milady please don't talk to my friend
like that this is my companion and
co-owner of the bar bows oh I am so
sorry I did not know okay I may be small
but I've actually got I've I've got it
all I'm not a door fie there oh yeah
don't don't confuse him for a Shoveler
yeah she nod wouldn't I I apologise for
mistaking you for a man serve and I just
thought the great captain Barbeau ruled
alone do you have many companions that
you traveling with - I have two servants
actually - interns I like to call them
you know they're in the thirsty wench or
the wagon I don't know whatever the poor
places and I'll give us aa scoff I
wouldn't know yeah what brings you to
Strom hime ah you know I'm here to get
my friend
Joris out the Grouse yes from answer
yes I hear he's in town somewhere that's
what they say yeah he's somewhere in a
dungeon in the dungeons my my oh my what
do I put there apparently he stole a
necklace and did some of his gastro man
see in front of the Queen
silly man silly well isn't he in charge
of copper Hill for a while
not much left of copper Hill here that's
what they say say it burned to the
ground
good they say no no please master Nome
speaking they they say he's misplaced a
necklace of some renown I know not if
among the nobility one would have heard
of it
Oh apparently was the previous Queen's
necklace she like fumbles with a jeweled
necklace of her own he goes it wasn't a
bejeweled necklace couldn't tell you
well she looks between the two of you
goes um mm-hmm
Master gnome would you give me a moment
I would like to speak and she like
places her hand heavily on Captain
Barbossa with my friend here for a
moment
Gerald pulls up the hood of his the hood
of his tattered cloak and inclines his
head and walks a few steps away she
turns her eyes he's my bap did Barbeau
says hmm so our bow are you as good of a
fighter as they say um before we get
into that can I get your name miss
of course my name is Marjorie thorne
lady Marjorie thorne nice to meet you
Marjorie and do you have a last name uh
yeah my name's Brad Barbra Brad and then
last name barb oh I see wonderful well
tell me are you as good of a fighter as
they say uh better than they say but I'd
let them say how's your sparring
you're touched in Perris I could show
you if you wanted to see my thrusts well
are you a more of a defensive or
aggressive fighter I'll get closer and
be like I'm a little agretti that's a
shame
I'm looking for someone who knows how to
hold their own when attacked then she
leans in a little bit closer I'm sure I
could make a neck combination
she throws a glance towards the rooms
upstairs and places a key on the table
and heads up
I'll talk to walk back over yeah [ __ ] me
Gerald but what the skanky [ __ ] is
trying to [ __ ] me did you see her
necklace then I think I have no idea I
mean it could be a crazy [ __ ]
coincidence but what if we so if it was
the Queen's mother's necklace
she may not recognize it I mean maybe
you could get with the the girl and take
her necklace what if she walks me up I
have no weapons I mean wait what she
didn't seem that much of a warrior was
she very aggressive I don't know if it
was sexually I'm I don't know women
don't usually come on to me I'm just
Brad barb oh not that way you're getting
well-known so you know that tends to
happen certain people when they get an
audience when they get an audience yes
they do and then they take advantage of
it sometimes you go across Far Lands to
quest these women very long very far
left very far lands very long distances
indeed indeed I saw a friend got a new
newsela truly desperate but me and
Captain Barbeau not interested in that I
am perhaps the next enemy necklace yes
so good do we get any check what I
didn't get to see it did you did you get
any check on it or any kind of what I've
seen it with
18 passive perception oh yeah I mean she
is also true attention to it by it yeah
did it look did it look like something a
queen would wear I guess it'll look very
adoring very jeweled pretty just what
kind of is the fanciest Inn in town and
she's a fancy lady here with the last
name so you know unless she's lying -
she's a noble of some sorts can I tell
the name remember we could do old would
he have known it does read a lot of
books about what we can do is we you can
give me the description the necklace I
can give that to Joris over twitter and
then see if he confirm yeah I'll give
him the description necklace and tell
him that his her name was Lady Marjorie
Thoren sure the necklace that she has
has some sort of red gemstones may be
garnets in it and otherwise it's a
golden chain so it's got like it's a
gold chain was like a little drooping
hanging things too on outside one in the
middle they got like little diamond D
shaped links to them and then the the
garnets or whatever draping at the
bottom okay we need to we need to know
cuz it's gonna and it's I'm gonna be
down a spell tomorrow but here we go
your eyes will tell him the name the
name her name yeah so just acquit just
square it's Lady Margaret thorne right
Marjorie thorne mark Marjorie Marjorie
thorne and the necklace is red there's a
big red ruby with a coronet you said a
red red garnet it's a gold necklace with
garnets gold necklaces connect Joris
found a necklace
Marjorie thorn gold and Garnett is this
it 10 otherwise please tell us how to
get you out of jail thanks useful
information only seems like more than 25
24 it's all right he gets the message
and goes you dumbass
did you think the
first necklace you saw was it it's
probably buried with my friend near
copper hill in the hills tomb dumbass
what do you say uh he said that it's not
the necklace that doesn't mean we
shouldn't steal it but that it's it that
it's uh that the necklace is probably
buried in a place called the hills tune
outside of copper hill so we'll have to
go there you want to go meeting with a
queen and we can rest and we have
something to go do so I think it works I
don't really want to go steal from a
noble lady honestly I kinda want to
leave here and go to the shitty tavern
well okay but we could do that but if
you do decide you know it's a type of
thing that thieves do all the time right
as you know you sleep with someone and
then you take their stuff and leave I
don't know why but this lady really
creeped me out
really you really gave me the bad vibe
she said that she wants someone more
defensive and what if I kind of back you
up and I like go outside and I kind of
like tag-team her what I mean I'm a
gnome I'm a little bit I'm all about out
of my league for a woman that big but I
think I could I have what I'm seeing is
like I kind of hang out outside the door
and then I cut it busted you know how
about you how about we do this I know
it'll take you away from another spell
maybe put her to sleep and I'll go grab
her necklace and we can leave easy I
have no weapons I'm very secure this is
just kidding you have a daddy yeah you
know I didn't get one won't you fall
asleep after you give her a good run for
her time you know you think you humans
do or you yeah Gerald captain barber I
am gay I'm not wait why the female
persuasion okay
after all that time of chasing Midori
I was never chasing Midori I just trying
to be her friend
yeah
it turned you gay talking about
metagaming why he does metagame just
[ __ ] say you just [ __ ] JK rowling
captain Barbra oh my god Barba's never
slept with a female okay he just told
people he didn't because it's because
you've never something doesn't mean
you're gay you can't retroactively Lee
and sell yourself like that always
talking always using that logic a you
gain real life too is that I'm sorry
okay maybe you should go meet up your
party at the pour in at the tuckered hag
and we can all make a plan after all
this time yeah well okay so if you don't
so the ladies waiting for you for at
least a couple hours we could bring the
rest of them in and then we could go
talk we could go talk to them and see
what we could all do it just leave a
lady nomal alone and not [ __ ] with her
it's just a neck fret as this lock all
over again it's up to you I mean it was
it was your encounter I wouldn't I would
not I you know I would not assume to
tell you what to do with it I don't
trust the gods on this one so I'm just
gonna leave her alone all right you take
off what do you do with the key that she
left on the table just leave it all
right do you guys leave sometime later
she'll come down and ask the bartender
where the young man that she was looking
for went and he'll say that he conferred
with his short little friend and the two
of them just left and all right we can
skip to the next day you guys meet up at
the Tucker tag and the next day dawns
greetings others how was your day
hmm felt great the tuckered hag it's a
wonderful sleep well I believe that we
might have an adventure that you've been
seeking
there is a tomb with a very necklace
outside of copper Hill called the hills
tomb and we have reason to believe that
the necklace that the Queen seeks is
buried within it if we go seek it out we
rescued Joris from prison and unlike and
are likely to get the fights that you
guys have wanted by robbing we've gone
from avoiding fights with the living to
robbing the dead and this is the type of
adventure that you think I
seek Gerald maybe we should confirm what
do you want dude okay like first of all
you want to fight a dragon then you want
to go and you don't want to go in the
tomb and fight the undead stuff there I
just find it odd that a man who probably
spends the majority of his time being
called a digger at great offense wants
to go and dig through tombs in order to
find some great men and if you key and
thus it by the decisions you make will
be in one soon enough anyway there's
plenty of treasure fights adventure all
the things you seem to seek so why not
go I'd much rather rest in a tomb that
dig went up but if that's the adventure
that calls to you that by by all means
let's go and do it
Gerald maybe you and I should go see the
Queen we had an audience today we have
an audience Yeah right like we we
there's no reason to we know that we
know the necklace we want we know we
just go to the tomb and get it bring it
back I think captain Barbara is on to
something here an audience with the
Queen will be of great importance to us
for a chance you could procure some
royal shovels to help us at our great
adventure Joe maybe we should just leave
come on it's not a bad idea but there's
a mysterious force mysterious force
drawing me to Kumar I can't explain why
I think I've I'm coerced to adventure
with him for this foreseeable future so
I guess we go I mean maybe the Queen can
tell us specifically where or wait I can
just go to the what we're in store mine
I can go to the library and find where
the tomb is let's go do that
so why you do that should I have an
audience with the Queen all right to
what end oh I just want to talk were
there uh do I take kuhmo that'll be fun
I don't want to take you I love royalty
actually every picture every
conversation with a notable is quite the
adventure
I'll take kuma I think pearl should come
with us I bet the the majestic insides
of a castle based on she loved to write
we're all going we're all going
we're all group adventures I love this
that's we dos with the party the party
goes to see the Queen you can talk to
the Chancellor who decides who gets to
see him and what do you tell the
Chancellor that you're our Chancellor
we're here to talk about the item that
ser jorah stole he's currently in the
dungeons I have found it located it yep
you will get audience and you are the
first one up today after you know that
everyone shuffles into the court and
then there's some time before the Queen
shows up and then like once everyone's
there they shut the doors or you know
keep it so no people new people come in
and you guys are first on the chopping
block here before we go in I will ask
around
what was the Queen's name one more time
it's um it's uh excuse me Han Chiara
sanguin thank wait Chiara yeah ah I
believe her name is akia though that's
what she goes by with the closest
friends Barbeau collar kiya and you'll
be in trust me no yeah I can be I can
vouch for it come on yeah mm-hm I'm
starting to doubt the efficacy of these
these companions of Marcus Barbara just
don't listen turns okay I try to shoo
their interns they have a lot of
experience to go I will I'm telling you
we did a great deal of Investigation
down at the dirty thieves that our
interns
stay out here and I'll point to kuhmo
and to pearl Oh at least take little
pearl and you don't want to deprive him
and we could take advantage okay I've
met with the Queen before and she will
not be interested in their antics
Jeremy behave Oh your Royal Highness
Gerald please don't I'm not taking them
and your help not your death hmm I do
like to take a very grand fake bow in
pearls direction for the sake of for the
sake of involving them they have to make
steaks mistakes to learn what to do so
the biggest danger we face is pearl
being mistaken for royalty herself I
think we'll be okay
okay we'll bring him in because a
mysterious forest guys me yeah feel
tired here you guys get an audience the
first ones to go up after the court is
all seated
you guys can approach and Kiara San
Quinn says ah you have word about Joris
the thief and his possessions yes Kiara
I have actually we believed that we
located where your mother's necklaces
when you refer to her by her first name
like there are murmurs that root like
ripple through the court and people
exchange glances everywhere some of the
guards like put wet hands on their
weapons momentarily and pick them awake
it's not gonna fight you over this but
it causes a great disturbance when you
refer to her so familiar I whisper for
it yeah yeah I told you um pardon my
queen the we seek we believe we seek the
necklace we can find the necklace that
you have lost and pray tell we know
where it might have been tossed if if we
can find this necklace and return it to
you do you think it's jordiz freedom you
can see through if you return it to me
your reward shall be one favor of mine
that you can use at any time mmm this I
got to release Joran's from jail if that
is your wish then it will not fail oh
I'll whisper to jailed who we can have
her one favor I mean so we want three
favors from her that's nice she's a
queen I can't is she I mean or a genie
I can we have three fevers I whisper for
it just show me where the rub to show me
wit around three favors maybe three
small favors or one large one large
- smalls your majesty
these are interns they they're a little
bit yeah well one one large favour to
medium favors we'll work it out later
it's a very gracious of you and it finds
us well I think we'll be swell there is
a we would need help
perhaps with one of your cartographers
that could help us find on the map this
this thing called the hills tomb outside
copper hill that would be a wrap and we
could prevent any possible traps no
you're the location of this tomb so that
we can prevent any doom where we go get
this necklace for you she reaches over
and taps one of the the Wizards standing
at her side was in hand and she's up
here on this throne and there's a cleric
on one side a wizard on the other side
bodyguards in front and behind my
various soldiers stationed around the
walls like this this room is filled with
you know powerful people over the place
anyway she taps the red-room wizard at
her side and makes a motion towards you
he takes a few steps down the Dyess and
says I would be happy to bring you to my
math room and pour over any clues that
this might bear I inquire my head ah
always always a pleasure to meet another
caster and this shall surely make our
journey faster
thank you very much Queen Master your
majesty as my friends go to the map room
may I approach
no no I snicker loudly pearl goddamn the
Chancellor steps forward and speaks up
and says ah next issue I'll leave her
yeah doing it gold amulet in the really
nice box I'll just leave that there
she wants it get it well I'm leaving my
the amulet I have it in my cool box
right okay yeah you've taken out of your
cool box and leave it no I'm gonna leave
it with the cool box right just
but it also like you you give her some
tribute yeah got it
one of her guards will come up and open
the box like take out the amulet make
sure he handles everything in it and
like shakes the box puts the amulet back
in closes it and then carries it off to
a separate room where she will receive
it later she thanks you graciously and
they move on to the next guy who's
talking about his daughter who's gone
missing and you know she knew a bowl so
her disappearance is important and you
guys are can leave the room at this
point I want to go with the wizard too
with his spells see me had that yeah to
go with his map there's a bracelet he
has to sit through the entire audience
thing in case she needs his advice on
anything but once they're done holding
court you can go hang out with him he'll
take you to the side and bring you into
the map room or into a room there where
they will pour over the maps let's go
over here they he the first thing he
wants to suggest is that in this region
near copper Hill some of these hills
have like tombs in them where people
were buried at various points in time
some of them predate the breaking of the
world when they gods ripped up our
Arcadia and their anger and wrath some
of them are more recent so there's a
there are probably about four tubes one
on each of these marked hills here
mm-hmm
could be any one of those and that's the
boring place yeah there are therefore
tombs there so he'll ask you do you have
any information that might narrow the
scope of on this um the the the person
that I got the information from he said
the name was the hill tomb hill to
Hilton and he sorts through he pulls out
a source of the books in the library and
pulls out one on copper hills particular
flips through it a few times is the
information contained within the book
yeah the hill - yes that is one of the
more the most recent one it is on the
north western hill
so this one here he says I see I see yes
this one is the river tomb this is the
grass want tomb and this is the old tomb
I'm very good any other any other
knowledge on what these other tombs
contain bodies of the dead but nothing
more he shakes his head hmm the last one
might have treasure isn't it perhaps but
it also might be destroyed since it
predates the Cataclysm
I assume the oldest one is called the
old tomb he nods uh-huh well great
this is swell um and also master wizard
I wouldn't pass up a chance and I'm sure
you wouldn't you wouldn't either
mayhaps we trade some knowledge of
spells if you are interested he gives
you a polite smile and says thank you
master no but I am NOT interested I have
all the spells that I need and I need
more there's always the airship have you
found it yet I have not but I have
recently acquired the power to go no you
wear it where it lives I do but if I
told you that would spoil it
I see any hints I shall give you a hint
though hmm it moves it flies about it's
never in the same place for long and you
can access it anytime that you wish she
shrugs
mmm very good master wizard I hope one
day to to be able to be a mage of your
power and one day look at friend he
Pat's you need you make you burn check
as you walk out okay all of us sir no
just just him I want to ask you for a
bit
wow a good role in this by the number of
component bags you can see on his waist
as well as he like various well tucked
bulges within his robes you can see that
he's got to be a pretty powerful wizard
he's got like you know no less than 30
bags or 30 pockets filled with spell
components even stronger than me yeah I
mean he's the the wizard to the Queen
right he's probably you know the the
height the most powerful wizard in
service to a noble in all of Arcadia oh
no wonder Tony what would you say yeah
the reasons cuz I know you don't you
don't use a lot of high-level woods in
your world so right so this guy's
probably somewhere between levels 8 and
10 let's not be that guy this city is a
[ __ ] come on quite a bit
sure can I ask the wizard the wizard for
a he can get me a writ to keep my
doo-dads
like only girl there every desk oh I
thought on the Mac room I think I'm just
the tooth I don't know [ __ ] [ __ ] you
alright that is that now for
what's-his-face the busty barrel well
can i reconvene at the party and I'll
tell them about the tomb in the ring so
yeah yeah so um we have a choice we
don't have to handle Grendel yet we can
go to the tomb I found a I found the
tomb and I know which one it is in
copper hill if not even won't want to
make returnee we can bring Grendel back
we were supposed to bring him back to a
pendant but why I said it wasn't safe
for a while cuz that town just got
raised let's go check this tomb first we
can go and dig up our grave and find
amulet we gotta go through the back
entrance so I can get my gear wait what
very well we've dispensed online so we
can get our ship yeah yeah just leave
out the normal way and then yeah and
head on out you'll leave Park way
through the day since the Queen all that
[ __ ] took a little while and you can
come maybe to about here
I'll thank them for my but dagger hey
you get it all back no questions no no
problems
put a red key stirred again okay your
first day has no encounters so you can
get to the ruins of copper hill with no
encounters by the end of the second day
mark my calendar strong hot strong hot
copper Hill okay this is the 26th
February 15 11 you are in the ruins of
copper Hill this place is desolate
there's not much left standing all the
wooden buildings are burned to the
ground the stone buildings have been
knocked over here or there there's still
that large crater right in the middle of
town ready to buy the Philosopher's
Stone loaded them yeah allegedly but on
that the place is empty
there's not even any bodies lying around
what is her edible place captain barb oh
we run to the center of the town and we
close our eyes we can almost imagine
that something exciting must have
existed here not only 10 or 15 years ago
what was a so I would know where Darth
had all the gold and silver right
because last time we went to get it I
knew it was can i go check it out yeah
you go it's not the volge has been
busted open and it's all been looted I'd
like to run an investigation check just
to see if there's anything around this
couldn't this is loot this is very
recent so not everything could have been
looted right sure again how long do you
want to spend investigate I am rolling
like
how long do we want to spend I want to I
know that darf isn't stupid he would
have another little place near here
where he'd hide all the [ __ ] I shot over
to captain Bravo captain Barbeau are you
looking for a safe no oh because I think
I see something can I point out
something maybe like 10 feet away from
captain Barbeau where it looks like
there's like a little safe like maybe a
two-foot by two-foot safe that's kind of
like sitting in the dirt captain you
should check that it's a minor illusion
I
why would I check you why wouldn't you
check it because you're right next to it
why wouldn't you I'll check it cuz I
would so I think it's safe to say we can
spend like the night like there and then
yeah morning head out so I'll use my
I'll use my investigation check on that
well can you roll sleight of hand so I
can like see him casting the spell I'm
sure it's not like good like I know it
may be can I roll against with my
persuasion our perception no go against
your passive perception since you're not
actively looking for it yeah it's a real
safe oh you got to touch it and your
hand passes right through it good you're
truly haha you're now the Barbeau of the
group
i kind of like i nuts like pro with my
elbow like way down her head like every
good book needs a humorous passage or
two don't you agree the passage really
well I write down this vigorously
starting to feel more and more like lock
every day ok so you search the town for
a couple of days Gerald is looking for
what secrets yeah and I mean I I always
have an eye out for special things like
magical spell books especially right any
kind of like written arcane stuff but
like particularly like I also want to go
back to George's house and I would look
there specifically to right behind the
safe there's a magic spell book on the
ground you're [ __ ] me nope
really yep is it gonna blow up and then
my character does no no
hey roll pick it up hi come on yeah
what's up what do you need Gerald you
mentioned to me before that you can lift
things with a magic ham maybe it seems
worth lifting Oh
could one of you go get that book for me
this is really important like the most
important thing ever maybe
yeah pearl give it a whirl can I use me
you have to pick it up sure but your
mage hand will also pass right through
it's an extension of the minor illusion
wait if whose minor illusion yours are
you know I'm stealing your why are you
making me play tricks on my party coy
boo a little bit someone else okay I'll
let it slide this time but for the
record I'm cool with Gerald it's captain
barber that I want to [ __ ] with a lot
but I'm cool with Joe but yeah that's it
if I see that chair that ya let this one
slide of course there's not a magic
spell book sitting out in the open
Gerald are we supposed to be digging up
a grave or something what are we looking
for in this town in searching the town
you find the the jail of the town and
it's like underground Jail style thing
and looking down in there cuz you know
maybe someone tosses something in this
underground area you do find a person or
yeah you find a person in the
underground Jail alive
they are slumped in the corner who goes
there
oh this is Gerald Thomson what will also
die so on a twenty one investigation
check that I see anything enjoyed
ourselves or we gonna do this first
George's house is not even in town right
across the river in debt like cheerio
half a day away okay so this is what I
filed my investigation check this is
what you find in right yeah yeah okay
and I and I and so there's a person
something over in a prison is he locked
in or is he the prison door is shut
yes I'll kind of let me do a perception
check see what I see just like looking
through the bars before I interact with
it at all whistles natural twenty at
first it just looks like a regular
person but then you notice that you know
you approach and it begins to move
slightly but the movements are really
stiff and jerky and before it even
really gets up you're like holy [ __ ] I
think this is a zombie I think this is a
zombie in jail this is a zombie like get
up and go towards you yeah that is there
anything special about the zombies just
a zombie it looks it's dressed in
prisoner's garb just like the really
trash clothes that you might give
someone to you know resupply that their
prisoner and that's it there's nothing
else of any interest around I mean
there's a zombie in a jail cell and a
roo in town if that's not interesting I
don't know what else would be okay I
mean like in the jail in like locked in
a jail cell yes but like dressed as a
prisoner too dressed as a prisoner
okay um I want to go back to my party
I'll leave that guy in there for now
I'll round them up and tell them I said
there's um I found something very
strange in a in a jail cell down that
range there's a there's something of the
Living Dead stuck at a drill shell
underneath the ground over there in that
stead let's go check it out Perl a
zombie in an underground prison finally
an exciting vision I think we should go
figure it out because that's a very very
rare very strange thing I haven't seen
many Living Dead in this world so and
it's behind bars so I think we can go
look at it and figure out what to do
with it
yeah let's go okay you guys all head
down here and by now the zombies
standing and just kind of crest between
the bars sort of reaching out aimlessly
you're well out of its reach it poses no
threat to you unless you stupidly walk
into it and it's dressed like a prisoner
it's very fresh you know it still has
the face of a person it's not rotted or
decayed in any way shape or form there's
just like one small blood stain right in
the middle of the chest that looks maybe
a month old at most is it Jennifer do
some kind of arcane check to determine
if this is the result of necromancy yeah
give me an RKO check fine necromancy
wait you said yes or like yes it looks
like somebody that very recently died
and then very recently was raised as a
zombie considering I don't think you
know this person by the quality of the
preservation they must have been turned
the same day that they died um does
anyone have an ability to speak with
these this creature with that our can of
check your also gonna know that zombies
are incapable of speech okay good to
know
I mean it's mind actually can I because
it's behind bars and there's a ritual
yeah that's reasonable and it's fresh so
it would still have its brain yeah what
okay I'm gonna go to the zombie okay
cool so I start casting feed memory has
it as a as a like a peasant ritual
ritual
okay what was the name in spoken read
memory yes yeah you cats read memory and
touch the zombies you touch them to make
it happen and you get it sort of just
like blank
like empty like void like there is no
mind or memory there really even after
even after uh like all that
like well after so he's a very sexually
she's like really recently dead right
but zr2 say in the mind is just not
there it's just gone yeah it's a
mindless creature literally there's no
memory there's no mind can't communicate
it can't think I step back and I say
this is beyond my power to read kill it
then wait can you kill something that's
already been killed how does that work
um I mean I don't know if there's any
way to interact with it so killing it
and then searching it may be the best
option I am NOT certain we don't know
anything about necromancy none of us
have any nope uh it I would be the
closest one but I think this is beyond
my knowledge this is in this world it's
a dark art I cannot know okay then I
guess we kill it we search the body yeah
that's already been killed what that's
still making murders I mean I'm pretty
sure we're well past that point little
pearl my draw my crossbow and I a little
bolt might take a shot it doesn't matter
you can poke at it with swords you can
shoot with crossbow bolts it can't
retaliate it dies does he lose the bolt
no well yes [ __ ] outta here
50-50 chance like we said earlier what
does that mean you know we're all I go
on deep it even Rolla an even number
died on an even number you get the boat
back on the odd number you do not get
the ball back even number I get it back
perfect starting the body yeah yeah you
pull the body close to the bars and
start going through it it's just prison
clothing and it has nothing on it but
Pocket lint no form of identification or
any kind of identifying sigils or
anything on this body nope not on the
body nothing around it um in this area
like in this yam that would be like
there's a bucket that's supposed to be
for it to poop in but
the buckets empty so must he must have
been jailed and then died before he
could use his bucket gotcha
and then is there like dust or anything
right like how old is this area what do
we have any way to like ascertain that
like how long has he been down here yeah
give me any someone give me an
investigation checker everybody give me
an investigation check 8 for 18 there
you go yeah this place has been
abandoned more or less since the last
time you left a copper hill so it's
probably as it's probably a person who
was a prisoner in copper Hill who died
somehow and then was raised as a zombie
shortly after copper Hill was conquered
leveled ok maybe we should go up and
look for this grave right aren't we
supposed to be digging for a tomb to
find an amulet or something yes within
within the town itself perhaps there
some Dark Mage has taken afoot here
well if we see a dark mage will say
something I guess but until then we
might as well look for this tomb that's
out in the Hills so you want to leave
boy we might as well I don't know are we
getting paid to dig through the ruins of
a destroyed City yeah let's go to the
hell thanks waste time very well what is
this place copper mount even at its
height I doubt it possessed much in
terms of wealth ok you guys move on
towards this hill over here and sure
enough there's like a small little
forest trail path that leads up to it
and you find a big set of copper double
doors that are sort of green from
oxidation mounted in a big stone frame
resting in the hill this is a this is
the location where we went yep light
like this is a location where we landed
yeah yeah yeah sorry you have found it
fern Shutts not wise tonight I check for
traps
yeah you mean you know perception check
after
check and I'll begin a detect magic
ritual is also a team no traps of any
kind anywhere to be found
magic and magic detect magic ritual
comes off with no magic coming out of
the gates looks like regular doors that
guard a tomb
I'll open the door alright musty air
kind of rolls out it's damp and dank in
here there's a path that leads in ten
feet wide about ten feet tall kind of
curved on the top there's a little
alcove immediately in and to the left
that has a bowl of water and on the
right there are the symbols for Martha
the goddess of life varasi the goddess
of death and flume bruh the repository
of souls Oh looking for us a with like
disgust
I love Rafi what is your issue there
captain barb oh you have a bad history
with this god what what's your issue
with her ass up barb oh she's not happy
about it I don't know I hate that in
that you're actively looking at my
opinion on everything I mean it's pretty
hard to miss that massive face of
disgust you made in that direction I
didn't know if you've been personally
robbed by her what probably just looking
at you kuhmo okay let's keep venturing
on indeed let's go barb oh we're all
following you the brave Tomb Raider
captain Barbeau robber of graves
destroyer of mounds digger of dirt show
us what we can find within you step on
into the cave you head down the path
what's your source of light in here
anyone have a light source
anybody got a torch on them
well no no is there anyone who can cast
light hey I can I have a torch but I
have one torch you can light your
tourists
I'm okay I guess I like my torch yeah
all right
you light your torch you head into the
tomb after about 20 feet it splits into
a left path which goes left and then
curves right pretty quickly a right path
which goes and then curves left and then
it's straight so kind like a a trident
on the inside
uh can I send my owl down each
passageway yep you send it down the left
passage which is just like a long hall
filled with corpses on the other side
where there's like little slots in the
walls you sending down the right path
it's the same thing you send it down the
center path it's the same thing it's
just a tomb filled with bodies nothing
or they're not for a tomb no changes in
like scenery or anything like that just
a just a tomb
yeah it's a regular tomb oh I do have
light what's your light source a cleric
level to make hand trips ah there you go
I guess right on a my shield perfect you
can see easily and well I put out my
torch perfect um
I say I can't Gerald kind of looks a
little bit afraid I mean he remembers a
tomb like this where he almost died
yeah he looks a little bit uncomfortable
backs backs up a little bit definitely a
bit disturbed by you know what it does
sort of remind you of the last two
mureed it's got that same sort of
Arizonian slotted grave style all along
the walls it's very similar to the last
one you were in fireball the entire
place yeah this is yeah yeah yeah I have
seen okay um friends I have seen tombs
like this before and we should stay near
the entrance and proceed with great
caution these this these we should open
one tomb and see if what the body is
like because these may not stay dead
I'll tell us up in a grave sure you step
for
or do you don't even need to open it
it's just slots in the wall where bodies
go so you step forward into the first
passage it's ten feet wide there's three
bodies on your left there's three bodies
on your right and then they're just like
rows of that go in what about the body
can link a body stir with the story like
poke it with the sword yep yeah it
begins to move back up the skeleton
crawls its way out of the slot in the
wall and starting to kill it well we can
roll initiative I don't get a surprise
around when I'm poking it and seeing it
moves and tagging you said you backed up
that was your surprise round as you
walked away from it I'm gonna [ __ ] this
thing up scared by a zombie or a
skeleton say a reason it's like 7.18 no
no if I was like that before yes because
it adds your decks modifier to the end
so it will break initiative ties but I
didn't I didn't click my thing so that's
all right I will find you an ad you've
been manually no I found us Barbeau 26.1
ad lovely wait are we rolling or not
yeah yeah if you want yeah I mean it's a
skeleton so it's here yeah oh yeah there
we go wait it's not working
you got it 19-point lymph oh yeah but
it's not on the list
yeah that's fine and and that should
still be +5 right you rolled at Plus
7.14 yeah that's that +5 perfect okay
cool yeah yeah let's do for your decks
+5 for your other thing okay cool
our skeleton will role at initiative 5
so Captain Barbara you are the first to
go I'm gonna [ __ ] it up go ahead and
tack it yeah I was looking spells there
we go
you destroy it and it dies I want to
destroy it in a nice way where I don't
disturb any of the other skeletons yes
the only one that's crawled out thus far
and sure enough you hack into this
instantly this place is full of dead
just like a tomb I've been in what
should we do and how can we find a
necklace in here when all of these dead
are near what do we think the necklace
would be um George said it was buried
with his friend do we know what we
Brenda's buried what he looks like what
part of the tummy be in we don't is this
some magic well is this a magic necklace
um I don't think so I just think it's a
very expensive one hmm how tall is the
so like we're going in a tomb where
bodies are on the left and right how
tall is it like how high so there's
three bodies high but the ceiling goes
all the way to ten feet the ceiling goes
to ten feet and these skeletons have
like swords nope they have no weapons
they are not armed or armored in any way
at least not this one they're not armed
and armored in any way yep okay I mean
we can't fight our way through hundreds
of skeletons to try to find our our
prize right and that that one only woke
up when disturbed mm-hmm so I suppose
the best thing we could do is I could
send Jorah semester's to ask him
specifically where the necklace is and
then we have someone sneak to it we get
out of here what do you all think if you
don't mind sending another message that
sounds fine I could sneak in
well you said these are taking your
spells right you only have so many of
these do you not that's correct it's a
great deal of power for me to do this
this tomb isn't like to huge right this
isn't like a [ __ ] like one of the
[ __ ] pyramids right it doesn't seem
too big it seems to be a single floor
thus far okay how many of you like I can
take a walk forward and I could just
look around a bit and
make my way back here and I'll let you
know what I see maybe we can save some
of your spells little warrior are you
sure you're gonna be okay I'm sure I'll
be okay I nod take a couple steps back
okay um can I just kind of like walk
somewhat briskly forward and I guess
just kind of like looking for anything
out of the ordinary it may be like a
light I shouldn't need any I believe
because I'm an elf unless there's a
magical darkness down here oh and
there's light being cast from the shield
anyway okay wait for my shield no from
my shoe oh okay I wasn't gonna like
follow him and yeah yeah I think I'm on
okay sure yeah you can I just walk
forward and look for like an altar or
look for anything yeah at the back of
this middle section there's all of these
empty slots where they are get to be
bodies as if they are well prepared for
the future and at the very back of it is
an altar hmm would I know anything about
this altar does it appear magical is it
no as well you don't know anything about
the gods so it's got some weird
symbology on it and it looks like sacred
and holy and religious and there's like
a little cloth that goes over it and
that's made out of some sort of silver
woven fabric it's probably not actually
silver and it's not glowing or doing
anything weird or anything no nothing
like that
okay and I don't see a necklace anywhere
in this room or anyplace no no necklace
is lying about hmm okay and then there's
no other passageways from here there's
just this altar in the back yes it's a
fairly large room that the altars in
there's some pew set up as if you could
hold like a proper funeral back here and
then go and enter the body in one of
these slots mm-hmm the ceiling of this
is more like a natural cavern and it
opens up to about 20 feet high with a
few stalagtites holding on to it any
stalactites on the ground have been cut
or carved away so that's not there the
back of it is also natural walls it's
only the the passageways that lead to it
that are carved and chiseled
okay um I'll just like shout back gerald
yeah shout your voice echoes amongst the
not-so-dead there's an altar up here any
ideas oh great um
Gerald why is this [ __ ] idiot
screaming at us yeah he's an intern I
mean you know how they are
it's Perl you're getting 5% less than
the cut I suddenly I send that if they
go she will hang out let's get through
this first I send the owl to go go to
kuhmo and take a look at the altar can I
roll a religion check looking through
its eyes looking through the Owls eyes
at the altar yeah go for it
it's an altar yeah it's got the symbols
of the three gods I mentioned before of
Rossi Martha Andrew Luna on it there's a
cloth over it as I mentioned before that
silver it's got a little fringe on the
sides or all the symbols of all the gods
are elaborated embroidered along the
edges of it this little pot or a little
a bowl next to it that probably has some
sort of like sacred oil in it although
there's no oil there right now some
other tools like a it's a big sense or
hangs near off like a little peg at the
bottom of the altar made out of brass
wouldn't be able to tell anything
special about it like other than that or
maybe that's all there is
yeah yes it's a regular - regular - hmm
okay as far as I know there's nothing to
see over there I think we have to keep
looking okay then I start walking back
towards the party okay the party
reconvenes wait why are you guys talking
[ __ ] about me I can see you guys talking
[ __ ] about no I I can't believe talking
[ __ ] about me no doesn't you that's not
about you your initiative she I was
talking about initiative why would that
be about you
he's very sensitive everything you Steve
I don't know what do you type with what
I'm confused - who's the idiot look in
the chat eye at mr. boom you tell me
yeah someone's talking about initiative
damn yeah okay one something way back
the party is another passageway I can
head down yeah passageway and it's just
got body using body a walking down the
leg passageway what do we see where tell
me what I say it just ends and others
corpses and then there's open slots for
new Grave okay walk back to the party
and then walk down the final passage
wait wait come o come o be looking for a
necklace on one of these bodies when you
walk by you want me to start digging
through all nobody's your eyes just wait
turn your head I'm looking the best man
am I looking do I see a necklace
anywhere as I walk by these rows of
bodies I mean they're all into like
they're stuck in feet-first head next
you'd have to like look in each Swan
laborious process but you can totally do
but it's also probably gonna disturb the
dead every time you do it okay that's
fine so I walk down the end at the end
of the next passageway does this also
end abruptly yep ends abruptly you just
have maybe 400 corpses is the ballpark
estimate okay how do we um what would
okay what do we think this necklace is
made out of I know exactly what it's a
gold necklace with garnets in it a gold
necklace with garnets would it survive a
fireball I've seen lesser wizards than
you destroy more than this can't you
just roast these corpses and we can come
through and dig through the ashes and
search for an amulet I can I'm pretty
sure that will destroy the necklace
among everything else in here I've done
this before you know weird turn of
events I have done this exact thing
before she didn't say she wanted a
completely pristine necklace she just
wants her mom's that was friend is wait
what don't we know anything about
Doris's friend
not really why do you have this else
I'm just saying like maybe there's a
specific corpse we should be looking for
these tombs all have names on there if
you knew the name you could probably
find the tomb the GM how bad do you want
me to burn spell slots first illusionary
spell books and death Oh didn't burn a
spell slot on that women hilarious I'm
about to this day to say yeah I'm about
to descend your SMS but okay so we have
to look for the name all right okay
Joris we're in the tomb buddy
number four need the name of your
partner and any relevant information
please help thanks 23 okay a goodbye
spell [ __ ] you are going to get back let
me write this down so I he would it's
faster than I can
good one thanks nephews friend wait are
you talking with someone you
you're so dumb get out bad they are when
you getting all right as soon as we find
this necklace perfect okay so it says
under altar at the back staircase down
only grave there be careful i trapped it
with a golem good luck
do you really this message to us yeah
a golem can golem see in the dark um
you've seen a specific instruction like
kill everything that comes in here
unless it's me maybe he didn't do that
so it kills everyone but other way yeah
it's gonna see us we're gonna have to
fight that let's go wait
can't you just invisibility me in and
out I think so yeah
so he said that there's yeah you hop in
my backpack if [ __ ] goes down we're
together well why don't we have
everybody at the what we know why don't
we go everybody to the altar yeah yeah
that's right
and then and then yeah then we'll figure
that out let's all go to the altar Oh
Koivu take me to the altar do I say -
pearl pearl if [ __ ] goes crazy in here
hop on my back and we'll get out of here
don't worry encumbered by them what do
we do if we wake up all the dead behind
us and we're trying to escape that's
that's good question maybe she's a
fireball spell then sounds good for me
and pro that out just fine where'd it go
we're ready give me in this altar get me
in let's look investigation check around
the altar find the lever or whatever it
is there's no lover anywhere on the
altar hangs out the sensor is on but you
push and pull it and it doesn't do
he said there were just stairs by an
answer can I see stairs there are no
stairs
[ __ ] broke-ass wizard I don't want
everybody everybody look around like
look right help me look we're looking
for stairs but you're investigating
you're looking for anything I'll throw a
sick investigation check your welcome
party there's just an older Lily got an
at 20 she got in at 20 and she doesn't
see anything mommy
maybe it's the wrong tomb do you feel
magic ritual yeah
all right you cast detect magic and
still see nothing what do you mean I'm
giving you all the clues you need to
figure this out if you can't find it
that's on you
what was the tweet again it said under
altar at the back staircase down be
careful i trapped it with a gong good
luck can we push the altar together is
it big enough can we push the altar over
do you want to try it yeah let's push it
oh wait underneath the altar yeah
underneath the altar yeah you push it
you can't find something under the altar
right yeah well hold on also that's not
fair you should have explained it more
because altars that I'm familiar with
often times will have like legs with
like a blanket draped over it it's not
like a solid thing that would like a
staircase I go it's you guys to engage
with the environment around you I agree
with you fireball that's not gonna work
but you've been on point with everything
we like do we know where the guy is and
can we look under the altar you guys
should pay more attention to pearl she
knows exactly what's up we push the
altar there's stairs
captain barbells the legends speak of
Europe
saying ability to do combat with
ferocious beasts I just want you to know
going into this that I am so excited
finally good to see the man and the myth
and the legend in action
in real time oh we're not fighting I'm
just gonna stealth down there and grab
the necklace Oh be careful these golems
could be magical creatures that could
see you
even through invisibility all cooling
down is just Captain Barbossa lying down
with Gerald
we should go down you don't want to miss
this do you pearl on us too now we don't
need to hide in the dark from these
creatures I need to be alive to tell the
story is right you turn invisible I'm
casting Shield of faith on myself
you cast Shield of faith upon yourself I
guess I will cast major Remer I'll never
do that you cast mage armor upon your
thinking spell is kind of bad but yeah
can you invisibility to let me go self
down there with the boys um I thought I
thought we're all it's all going down
okay let's go down yeah okay
onwards I'm right behind you guys the
staircase heads damn it it's a gas
turbine sir how powerful could the Golem
be amen is it a gassy golem yeah is it a
gas cone is the food go home it's
probably made of pasta
all right what do we see we're going
down what's what's going on sir
where's Goodwin bottom left Thanks okay
you head down the staircase and it drops
maybe like 40 or 50 feet down into the
earth here until it opens out and opens
up into a very large natural chamber and
there are stalactites and stalagmites
even some that connect to make columns
the room that it opens into is fairly
massive maybe like a hundred feet across
and there's sort of like a dipping pit
in the middle of it
and let's just bring you to the map here
we are and sure enough standing in the
middle of the pit is a golem who sees
you and we should roll initiative wait
who sees who you see the Golem and the
Golem sees you okay but wait how many of
my party members have invisibility
casted on them at the moment one hey but
uh okay so wait cuz I heard Mr mouton
tell Devon to do it and I didn't get it
nope I know only one person's caster
visibility that's right okay alright
mmm-hmm I mean I whispered Pro hey while
you're invisible go grab the necklace in
the back we'll handle this okay no
probably dead last which is I think
we're it's like that for I think it's
right right the initiatives right yeah
of course
uh well Gerald you are the first one up
yes uh hey golem did you hear the one
about the golem he was a stone
Tosh's hideous laughter Jesus wow that
was a really good joke Thanks
intelligent golem Oh every shot you
don't take okay yeah
the golem ignores Tasha's uncontrollable
hideous laughter all together has no
effect on it in the slightest
captain barb oh I would have been in
front of the party wait why be there oh
yeah very unintelligent creatures
unaffected by it
hey the hideous laughter work than us I
guess your
they'll must have rebounded Gerald
absence of some sort of magical
reflective berry here
be careful can I um see if I can stuff
over here or give me a hijack or
whatever it's called a sneak shadow
that's the one all right with the 16 you
go quickly quietly at half speed because
you're sneaking where do you go right
there right there all right wonderful
and then standing in the wide open all
using myself is completely useless you
can't hide in plain sight
well then I guess I'm going here and
hidin all right you are hiding there and
then what are you doing that's it I
ready a attack I guess red pearl um
I'm invisible I want to try to make my
own what is this thing over here you
probably can't actually see that but
that's a sarcophagus
oh I can't see it there's some
stalactites in the way okay I'm gonna
slowly make my way around the golem I
guess sure good for it where would you
like to go thank go through here how far
away can it go
you have 25 speed so you can go 25 feet
or if you double move you can go 50 feet
I'm not gonna tell so you can get to
about here yeah perfect kuhmo um what is
it do you see where my rulers right now
yep how high up cliff that's a five foot
drop okay yeah what I know like the
speed of a golem yeah okay um seeing
captain Barbeau head off to one side I
will move over here and then I will just
take two shots at the golem with my
crossbow
all right make them shot 1/7 damage
that's gotta land right 23 definitely
hits take 7 and then shot 2 for 13 ah
that'll hit for 13 lovely I'm in awe of
como okay
the golem is going to move it goes right
up to kuhmo at double moves and is about
5 feet down from you it takes all its
action to get there and it cannot move
any further
Gerald yes I will not screw the spot
that was bad I'll move here take cover
25 feet and I will cat what's uh let's
cast something a little bit let's dream
a little bigger
I will cast let me reduce my spell uh
just one second make sure how this works
the way I think it does
um because I have not used it before
okay I am going to use slow on this
creature to succeed a wiz d wisdom
saving throw and that'll take my
concentration as well it's slow you
alter time around up to six creatures
each argument succeeded wisdom saving
through affected by the spell speed is
half takes the penalty of two to AC and
Dec saving throws can't use reactions to
do okay it's a wisdom save yes all right
it has advantage on saving throws
against spells and other magical effects
so let's do our 2d 20d
- one what's your spell safety c16 it is
slow good stuff that's all right it's
your turn I'm on the save at the end of
every turn no I don't think it does a
lot of wisdom statement throw at the end
of each of its turns ok yeah you're
right all right cool it's much better
yeah yeah barb oh I moved you here
mm-hmm am i flanking him technically yes
you are I'm going to attack okay you
crit and you hit [ __ ] some damage 23 for
the first one two plus four plus nine
plus Wow the Golem is barely standing
remember alum rakish I'd ask you a
thirty feet I think rakish audacity is
no fancy footwork I can move anything
so you attack twice and then you use
your bonus action to move away when you
start tape you learn to land a strike
and just then slip away with a trapeze
little during if you make a melee attack
on the creature that creature can't make
opportunity attacks against for the rest
right but you can use your bonus section
too - and you didn't use your bonus
action to fight since okay so it gives
you two attacks yeah am I allowed to use
the rest of my movement if you use your
bonus action to dash away yes I have so
if I move oh no you have to use your
bonus section to use the short sword
don't you yeah I do yeah okay so then
you could move away if you what's your
movement speed thirty thirty so then you
can step away five feet yeah okay I'm
gonna do that
okay kuhmo it's your turn um I guess
I'll move over here about thirty feet
and then I'll attack of opportunity from
the golem oh I'm gonna ignore the fact
that he's five foot down for me on
cliff but I will also point out the fact
that he slowed so I believe he loses his
reaction correct I can't use reactions
I'm not use reactions good call yep I'll
take two shots I don't know if the first
one hits with a single 111 is a Miss the
27 is a hit it takes 8 the flesh golems
chair rolls around and it lumbers
towards captain Barbeau effect has speed
have takes a penalty to - it's a see
it's still what I'm gonna miss then and
Dexter disabled throws it can use an
action or bono section but not both
can't make more than one melee range
tech term its term only one attack oh
that was why I guess Kauai boost 7 multi
attack mystery monster completely
obliterated by 5 e-textbook spell
alright here's hoping it rolls a natural
20 no 25 hits you 411 have to have a
concave and then it gets to make 2
saving throws at the end of its turn the
take 0 5 or 6 then I have the wrong
golem up oh [ __ ] I brought up the flesh
column instead of the clay golem Oh No
hold on give the flesh girl him on the
screen yeah see I'm speaking other guys
give us a second one making an actual
heart why boo okay prizes granite dirt
yes a piece of trash the clay golem is
terrifyingly dangerous that's why that's
the problem like I made [ __ ] he only
guarded it with one yeah [ __ ] it
there's another one somehow oh this
feels like a level up encounter for a
level 5 character that's what I want to
see back there let's call them roles
into initiative now here we go let's
start at the top of the order and you
can hear it up this turn like lumber out
of this section gunner
much better Gerald go for it oh oh this
guy yeah he rolls oh your [ __ ] dude
Jesus and he gets to so the secular just
rolled at that advantage whatever the
second one is a sixteen is a pass and
here's new low he's a shitty flesh girl
and so he's gonna die anyway wait isn't
he rolled twice on the first but I
burned bubble three spell saw it's
thinking this is the only encounter so
that sucks
I gotta get my level up I'm tired to
being a level behind okay we got to kill
some [ __ ]
the first one wasn't that advantage suit
really could have been either way Gerald
it's your turn
it's fine Gerald you're all wait did we
skip Perl what did she do no she's just
running around okay I'm running cool
I'll move and tell me about this space
and about fireballs this is a very large
cavern your fireball might be slightly
larger than usual but not very much
larger yeah and he's all the way back
there yeah haven't you used all your
third level spell slots I have one more
I suggested I can send and then I cache
slow and that's it
you cast three sendings total yeah but I
had days between them and I used our key
I use their candor s no so I have three
eyes three slots walking in here so
right now I have pain recovery so useful
yeah Kobe's better check that [ __ ] out
it's good that's perfect
it keeps the wizard balanced yeah it
does wizard beat I don't used to see
that it um okay let me read
yes I will this again okay well how
about we like this this up and I will
snap my fingers but motes of light
floats around my palm and I blow on it
it streaks forward across the cavern
towards the clay Gollum fireball alright
roll me some damage is that the right
roll it is it is yes DC 16 golem will
make a dexterity saving throw an
advantage 12 is a fail so it will eat 30
damage to the face
yikes okay perfect perfect about to kite
this clay gone captain Bar boats your
turn I'm gonna finish off this boy this
boy go for it that killing a flat the
fleshy boy 33 no I'm sorry 23 does not
finish him I'm gonna hit him again he
should be dead now
yep that'll do it it brings so much
going down and I'm gonna move fuse my
movement right rakish audacity to move
all the way around
beautiful uh can I move towards kuhmo
sure well
all right the clay golem will go has
ulcers to do and where does it want to
go pearl you're supposedly invisible
right oh yes you cannot see me hmm well
a fireball did just come over here so we
will move out in this direction the clay
comb leaves next versus turn pearl um
I'll walk over here that's 40 feet
mm-hmm I see the circle oh yeah you
definitely by the time you get to like
here you see the sarcophagus oh it's up
on a little ledge I guess you are sort
of short maybe you don't see it because
you're so short but there's a ramp that
leads up to something um can I can I
investigate it totally get another ten
feet of movement no hey maybe next time
so from here you can definitely see the
sarcophagus is made out of nice marbled
stone it's carved along the outsides it
looks like a troupe of four people or
like walking across and sort of like a
if you've ever like been to a big
Cathedral and they've got that like
embossed thing where all the people are
like stacked on each other but they're
all like two-dimensional almost like
Egyptian tomb style like across the side
it looks like a group of four people and
there's one panel at them marching out
and there's one panel them camping and
there's one panel at them fighting off
some sort of like large many-headed
Hydra looking thing okay alright kuhmo
oh I will
I'm guessing this thing in front of me I
can't like shoot there anything right
this is like a giant wall thing right
okay yeah I will step over here and I
will take a shot or two shots I guess
what
nice 13 and 13 13 hit hit
for 26 damage honey and then okay and
then I'll move 20 feet I think I can
move over here if I move here will I be
able to get I won't be able to get all
the way through hit or talk next time no
I never meant I'll just stay here I
guess you can't see your Eldridge for
whatever it seems know what I wasted
spelling such a [ __ ] mob I'll step
behind this right here and then I'm done
with my time it's a 3 V 2 already gerald
yeah how heavy is this called various
small he's a large creature made out of
clay you probably about this what about
this ledge north of me how high is it
weird this right here is about 10 feet
oh no this is a this goes all the way to
the ceiling
yeah okay so going up here is going up
correct yeah no this is just a this is a
flat passageway but it's wrong but what
is like this stone right here it's
blocked off like the gone would have a
harder time getting to me right oh yeah
yeah yeah this is like consider it like
a wall that goes it might not even be
able to like hate you it click fit
between here or something I don't know
it's my guns yeah so I want it yeah I
want to squeeze all the way over there
and then I still have line of sight to
it I suspect right picking it I shared
well there's that head that column in
the way right here that I mean yeah it's
fine yeah you get you've got some line
of sight to it okay yeah but you have
line of sight so any that's fair
on it okay I am going to cast Reese I
guess yeah I'm gonna cast grease and a
square just it just ahead of it so you
know around here
John me box John I've done my ten bucks
I don't know how to do it's a draw cheap
button box like the second one yeah big
square on the toolbar yeah okay yeah
yeah round perfect yeah it's gonna that
was supposed to be a little bit to the
left but yeah just like enough so it hit
him but if he keeps going yeah well yeah
mm-hmm perfect he has to walk through it
and then he has to he has to he has to
deal with it right now but he also has
to walk through it yeah right
oh that was the idea and here's the
spell creature that enters or ends
that's turn there must have seen on
a-deck save when it appears each
creature must succeed on the deck save
or fall pro okay perfect give him deck
saves that advantage 15 is not good
enough the golem
balls true he's prone Barbeau it's your
turn uh I'm just gonna ready a Dodge all
right The Golem stands up on its turn
enters their or ends its turn there
right yeah
so that's fine how far are you
you should have half movement speed
yes she does um fortunate for him
all right so he uses half his movement
to stand up
which puts his he's got speed of 20
which gives him 10 feet laughs of
movement then he casts haste because
golems can do that which will double his
movement so he gets 30 feet of movement
and sort of lowers his head gives a low
earthly
roar and like charges Barbeau
unfortunately he does not have attacks
at the end of it all right
what a [ __ ] Oh a golem pearl what on so
you just type that in the chat or
nevermind I looked up pace there's a lot
of effects associated with it right more
than just a moment I'll toss event
inspect the sarcophagus absolutely sure
do you can just push the top marble
sheet what's your strength
Oh my strength funny you ask yeah 11
yeah that's enough to move it as long as
8 was the cutoff you can slide the top
off it's slow and it makes a loud
grating noise as the top slides and
moves in and there inside is a warrior
I'm gonna run a ski real quick check
dressed in fairly nice clothes she's got
some chainmail on she's got a long sword
over her body that she's holding with
both of her desiccated rotted hands
she's got a series of rings she's got a
really nice necklace Oh
watching that stuff ya know Lee actually
can ease me chant it let me know if I
can tonight frickin visit it you all
ready to use your action to open up the
that's it no no your action did
something right do they still like try
to get the amulet sure you if you just
want to swipe it you can just wipe it a
little okay it requires like lifting up
her head to pull the necklace off but
you do so and you have it in hand
[Music]
okay come on
you could you could you could help fight
you know um I'll take any water - yes
I'll take two shots at the creature your
counter Barbara
the lemon doesn't miss the 18 little hit
it 412 Gerald and not hi I'm gonna go
over here try to take more try to take
cover
avoid notice if I possibly can wait now
I'm uh I'm moving a box
hang on this okay there we go
but I'll try to maintain sight peek out
from under there my man what what can I
do with a hundred and seventy feet oh um
not a whole lot let's let's let's toll
the dead wisdom save for five down yeah
every bit of damage to count I guess had
advantage it passes no problem captain
barb oh there is a claim that has just
charged you that the damage was wrong
that's not a pattern right it was one
year but it doesn't matter he he say
doesn't doesn't matter I know but it
roll the 1d8 no it rolled a to d12 mouse
over the five put your mouse oh why does
it say one da was that mean I don't know
why but if you put your mouse over the
any role it'll show you what it actually
rolled oh okay I got it
sorry I got it barb oh it has charged
you it is adjacent to tagging twice
should be able to use my rake or my
fancy forward right to leave after I
attack twice uh-huh
before is another hit for alleged
foreign 11 mm-hmm is getting low and I'm
also gonna move 30 feet
okay
perfect golems turn where the hell did
you go
oh you're perfect excellent so it's
still hasted it'll have to squeeze to
get through that spot between the column
and the wall but I can do so once it
tasted and it will make a tax it's going
after kuhmo who's been peppering it with
bolts hey we'll multi attack making two
slams a ten is no good a no teen against
kuhmo um wait hold on I believe you have
[Music]
16 AC well maybe
why wait yeah is that it is it just
damaged or am i rolling some punches you
also need to make a DC 15 Constitution
saving throw or habits your hip point
maximum reduced by an amount equal to
the damage taken it's her diary guys
attack reduces the hip flick maximum to
0 the reduction last until removed by a
creator restoration spell [ __ ] that [ __ ]
no no no we're changing this play golem
and have time to modify in advance you
do not have your hip points Matt doubled
or reduced make me a DC 15 Constitution
saving throw or be knocked prone we're
gonna modify that this is the way I
click on to be okay man okay I need to
roll a okay so I'm taking 17 points of
damage and then I need to roll Khan save
okay saving throw Constitution 119 I'm
good right you are good you were not
knocked prone and because it is hasted
it can use its bonus action to hit you
again with another slam 15 to hit does
not hit
that's not hit alright also needs to see
if it's peace recharges it does not and
it is no longer hasted after its turn
ends you can see it begin to slow back
down to regular way column speed again
parole it's your turn I'm gonna start
running back to my party and go this
thank you
right Leslie yeah you can go one more if
you want kuhmo you your turn
I think I am going to going to back up
into this like little crevice thing I
think an opportunity
uh-huh who slams you 30 damage and you
go down yikes into square right here
boom
Gerald it's you're certain this creature
seems to save on every spell and stuff
is getting real so let's a magic missile
at level 2 yeah alright I'll actually
don't think damn that wasn't right no
was that level 1 row me another one d 4
+ 1 yeah 8 damage captain barb oh
there's a know about to [ __ ] em up
only if you hit it the first hits the
second misses you do what is that a plus
14 B plus 14
all right soon it is so close to dead
hold on I got 30 feet of movement uh-huh
you can't move across the square you'll
have to go like five here ten here or
five here or 10 here and I just go to
here and get like half cover sure thank
you thank you Oh gracious quit them ten
fifteen twenty twenty-five perfect see
you hide - there it is the clay golems
turn let's see the spell recharges lose
it recharges wait past it I I think my
spell was wrong I think I actually get
another magic bolt oh you should be
getting three metals at first level and
another one yeah we're only another 2d
four plus two
yeah it's 2d four plus two yeah
see you alright the golem does die
I will pick up my Ally
try to stay boys uh it's not your turn
yet
you've already use your action so pearl
it's your turn
can I just love to make up at this point
no we stopped to stay in combat rounds
because kuhmo was dying oh this great
warrior that's been wanting to fight
dragons and everything just gets downed
by the Golem right away come Oh give me
a death saving bro he faked going down
he was you guys worried there for a
moment didn't I I can spot somebody's
face wings pretty rough though seemed
like you were pretty nervous there for a
moment
captain barb oh I'm nervous I was in the
fray just like you really it seemed like
you were ready to dance off there pretty
quickly while I was down that's okay
barb oh it was a pretty scary golem I
took it out didn't I killed it with
these two with my fine blade did I call
go
what are we done right yeah we're having
to comment Gerald gerald walks over he
tossed his cloak of his shoulders he
looks pretty pissed I know not Wyatt
this bard shall let us die she didn't
fight a single bit my opinion of her is
not high and we've the amulet guys I got
a few good useless I had more spells I
would show you a thing or two listen
pearl contributed just while we needed
to find the amulet who knows what other
dangers could be in here to be fair
Gerald I did tell peril to go get the
amulet yeah I was just listening I'm
just an intern Gerald storms off all
right you guys leave the tube the amulet
and head back out wait pearl was there
anything else in that casket corpse and
there was a sword and I was pretty
focused I [ __ ] Oh what kind of sword
was it he knows a long sword may be its
own piece did it look valuable was it
magical I'm not sure we can go back and
check again a few guys I ran for let's
go back and check real quick okay yes
ROM exact I'll grab it and show it to
Gerald rummaging through the body can I
find some rings or any other type of
jewelry or weapons there plenty of
jewelry wealth on this person as well as
a couple of bags of golden coins at her
feet uh-huh
bags sure Can I grab these things sure
you find four bags of 50 coins each she
has a steel longsword arming sword
really over her body she has a shield
she's got brass or bronze chains mail
all over her the shield's kinda like
tucked on the side it's a smaller shield
what else does she have is this bronze
chainmail is that gonna be better than
my breastplate or it's heavy armor
instead of light Oh efficiency Amara
yeah nevermind I can't wear chain mail I
may pull the shield out oh and there's
also a small scroll a decent scroll to
one of her sides okay
Gerald Oh Jared will pick up this from
no he won't because you [ __ ]
ran the [ __ ] away so I will be taking
all of the [ __ ] you both read the [ __ ]
away
oh I shall out you both [ __ ] pieced
out wait can I get the twitch clips I
said I ran right towards it is that what
he said towards it okay alright it
sounded like you guys are ready to
bounce the [ __ ] out but okay okay I'd
like to grab the shield oh oh this is
happening
you don't care magic
now you don't care what it looks like
it's fine um I wouldn't know unless I
had some time to think okay well I'll
take it all right you grab the shield
sword
yes Lee the sword and the scroll I'm
sure I mean I'll hold on to it yeah I've
got the money on my ten yeah
driving all four pouches that I saw I'm
sure yep
robberies yeah that's all I mean I'll
grab I'll look at the scroll can I do
some kind of checked it certain mirror
can I check we can do it outside once we
get out of this tomb I guess right we
can look at everything
Newtown I guess it would probably be
good yes they were rings on her finger
she had four rings each of them gem
encrusted oh you like those okay okay
you you like it so please add for
bejeweled rings to your character sheet
Stevens already taken the 200 gold and
the scroll and someone's got the sword
and shield cool I've got a sword over at
the shuttle I got a little halfling you
wouldn't happen to know any healing
spells would you um I do
uh I'm gonna cast Carolyn's on come on
now what does this do how much well
we'll see four aren't you lucky
well Kumi you look four times better
than you did before again okay seven
okay ah
au SFIL spell perhaps you would consider
using it in battle so next time we don't
all get sent to hell Cheryl perhaps an
intern only works as hard as an intern
is paid have you ever considered that I
have no I have no place in my party for
people who are useless amen brother
yeah you've traveled with Captain Bob
over so long curious and he lives yeah
second Barba's dick last episode and now
he's pulling the lock that was before I
realized that captain Barbara was a
coward
that's okay let's leave the tomb let's
go she didn't even get them Bartok
inspiration before have you went into
battle
she was invisible hey listen we also
didn't get advantage from that alley
there okay we could have had that as
well as a bonus actually that's true
yeah Gerald not always wait can we leave
can we please be out of this to him I'm
ready to be out of it I want you to know
III appreciate that
are we out you guys can leave the tomb
okay all right we can get back to the
overworld map and what do you want
you've got it now you've got the
necklace take it back to my lady well
here now that we're out can we give the
longsword and the scroll little no maybe
you can use the scroll do you detect
anything magical about this blade I'll
run a detect magic ritual and everything
that showed up and I'll do an hour can I
check on the scroll said okay yeah
that's fine
the nothing in there is magical but it
all looks like brand-new I mean
decades-old but buried in a tomb but
like as if someone had buried her in
like brand-new chainmail with a brand
new sword and a brand-new shield the
rings and the jewelry looked a little
bit old you can see small little you
know not just on them where they've been
bumped into things here and there but
the rest of it looks like looks like her
companions stole over good gear and then
bought her regular gear to bury her in
that's one of them so none of it is
magical the scroll is non magical it
doesn't have any spells
it has a record of who this person is
and what does it say it says her name is
Shonda and that she traveled with Joris
and two other people she's friends with
it kind of like goes through some
pedigree of who she is where she was
born and then it gives like a detail of
all of their great encounters it talks
about fighting a Hydra over here
fighting these undead over there going
on an underwater adventure near the
talons climbing the the highest mountain
in Pine in a engage aisle you know the
trip to Lynx island and the monsters
they fought there over overcoming the
bully woggs you know a trip to the
nomination of mighty engineers a
tournament in minute Aria it's just sort
of like a history of her life if may be
my only fascinating why does it make you
sad cuz she lived a full life and while
she stood I made it alright sounds like
she lived a full life we should be happy
I got some free [ __ ] okay so I believe
we go back to the Strom time to set free
your prison band prison man yeah if I
can visit the Queen let me get back
there be cool if not we go away today
sure you guys can either rest in copper
Hill for the night or you can rest on
the road too strong I'm here call on the
road yeah cool let's make some random
encounter checks how many days has it
been since uh old Jimmy about a week
probably it has been a week and four
days jail we might have to tell little
Jimmy we're gonna be a little late uh
played by four days perhaps but I have
no power to do this I'll do it tomorrow
yeah yeah we'll give it some time
well it's two days later now that you're
in strong hein so we have to tell him
well we needed a strong high-rolling
good day sir does it no we know what
caring about this right now
sure you can roll the dice that's that
first night and what song of rest you
get bonuses thanks what sort of bonus do
they get when they roll their head dice
Lily I'll decide I think he's asking you
for a description whatever the spell
does I'm asking you for description for
class abilities oh um it doesn't say I'm
a character sheet so you're telling me
you don't know what your class does no
points anybody ah
beginning at second level you can use
soothing music oration to help
revitalize your wooded allies during a
short rest if you or any friendly
creature
who can hear your performance readings
hit points at the end of the shore trust
each of those creatures began an extra
1d6 hit points I just got PTSD from
being called on in class dan seems
really useful actually
you're not getting picked last in gym
okay and then one d six at the end of
your short rest everybody I'm full
beautiful excellent so you're back in
strong hime you check your gear at the
gates Mouton are you gonna pull some
[ __ ] again or you gonna hand over
all your weapons okay cool you hand it
all over you head back into strong high
or you guys be lining for the keep yep
we know we're gonna get a favor from the
Queen what are we gonna ask
I want a shield don't you want to
release your son obviously trying to get
Joris out of prison yeah you give a [ __ ]
about George again that's the whole
reason we're here what do we get some
guy think [ __ ] Gerald instead because I
have to believe that all of my
companions died for a purpose greater
than a shield or some item as a reward
and Joris will tell us what that purpose
was Gerald it's not healthy to carry so
much burden on your shoulders the only
burden I've had recently is from you
kuhmo putting us into more dangerous
opportunities than I would like hey we
went down in that tomb to get back this
whatever amulet to save your whatever
friend that's in jail these are all your
adventures I'm just here for the ride
then let's see it to its end and go ask
the Queen to release this mage agreed
okay you can easily get an audience with
the Queen the Chancellor remembers you
guys and when you come back saying you
found the necklace she lets you want and
you have the the audience Hall once
again you guys are the first ones up
what would you like to say in the
presence of gods and men
your majesty we have got you I believe
your mother's necklace and I'll show it
show it yeah you'll show it and she will
motion for you to step forward her
guards will keep their hands near their
weapons but they let you walk up the
Dyess towards her
I'll walk forward and like act to give
it to her sure she takes it examines it
um quickly hands it off to the wizard to
authenticate its reality he casts a if
you pass in Arkana check mean Archana
Devon's yes
wait me why Wizards Catherine spell in
the room with you oh cool sweet
I like that yep it's good detect magic
spell you pick it up really easily he
put some words sprinkle some dust and
then nods back to the Queen and hands it
over to her and she looks at you captain
bar goand says you are in my debt
what show you our favor be my friend
just see we would really like our friend
Norris from jail correct
so be it and if you're so willing to uh
maybe if you had a magical shield that
you'd like to depart with I do not as
you can see I have no weapons or shields
of any kind she makes like a vague
gesture around her can I have her
autograph
you may she says I approach with my
sketchbook and hand rip pom sure you
hand her the pen she quickly shots in
your notebook or starts to write and
then looks up at you and says what is
your name young halfling pearl pearl she
writes you a message closes the book
sprinkle some ponts on it to keep the
sprinkles and pots before she closes the
book to keep thing from leaking
everywhere hands aback and dismisses the
four of you my queen before we leave you
may be interested the tomb to the north
that we found is full of the Living Dead
and I know not
you may do with this information but in
case it threatens storm storm Hein with
dread we thought you should know
the Tumen copper hill is filled with
undead it is are you sure you wish to
release your still perhaps he's the
necromancer who created these undead ah
beginner master we we think not he's
he's mostly concerned with food we did
find a zombie also in we don't think
that's right we don't think that's
possible we did find a zombie in a jail
cell who was recently animated in copper
hill vicious did well Joris wasn't there
so it couldn't have been him he was in
prison with you your OS your guards
excuse me
my queen hmm gerald we do we believe it
was count vicious then because he raided
the town and I think so yeah do you wish
accusations that count vicious has
raised the undead what we argue that you
read the spell are you read as much or
you read that person it's Mihai and well
we could also already confirm those
accusations because I escaped the tomb
of Living Dead in his very city some
days in the fortune yes he has a he has
a that is how I lost almost lost many of
my companions and Barbeau you were there
with me too were you not
yes correct Your Majesty there are
undead and fortune and my companion even
read one of his people's minds and I can
confirm that count vicious did turn them
if your wizard can read his mind he can
confirm him with a heavy sigh she looks
towards the cleric at her right and
makes a gesture towards him and he steps
for two good I have heard many times
rumors of the undead in fortune and on
Queen Kiara sanguines orders I myself
went to fortune some years ago to seek
out truth to these calls while the place
is morbid dark desolate depressing and
generally less than a pleasant place to
visit I found no hints of undead
anywhere mom herself has blessed I'll
cut him off can your wizard now read our
minds to tell that we're telling the
truth did you go into the tomb
haha that unfortunate behind the the
tube filled with bodies yes yes and did
you see the marks on the hands of
everyone living in fortune as they are a
part of a group of believers that are
putting their dead in their to rise no
no these rumors have said for a long
time but they are unfounded Mike when
you looked into them my queen your
cleric is clearly mistaken we were there
a month ago maybe wait a moment
when did you go cleric said years many
years just read our mind not not
everybody has that spell that's a pretty
rare spell I said he was a super
high-level wizard that's true he
probably had anything he wanted he could
find it on the ship right if this wizard
has the power we would be willing to
meet with him so that he can confirm our
story we've lived this experience and we
can confirm it for you my queen she
looks to the wizard who furrows his brow
and steps forward again and says what
were you doing inside the crypts fortune
what were we doing
wow we were looking for a philosopher's
stone okay right do we want to tell her
that yeah I tell her that yeah I guess
doesn't matter no um we were looking for
an artifact of ancient power a stone and
we found it it's kind of silence in the
hall and the wizard speaks up and said
what stone were you looking for I would
an ancient stone of power named the
Philosopher's Stone and did you find it
in there we did we found it in count
viciousness keep in this note uh gone
it's gone destroyed in a massive
Cataclysm the incident in Colton copper
Hill that is right
two of our companions I believe that
they would have plotted against us and
mess with the stone without our
knowledge but and without they destroyed
themselves in the process and everything
involved with the stone
I have no idea what they're talking
about personally yeah I'm not sure maybe
it's best for me and pearl to step out
while you guys discuss these chats I'm
very edgy stands up out of her chair and
says you two are responsible for the
explosion in copper hill we are not
responsible is responsible for that and
also how is he responsible for it
it's his object of power what what I
always did perhaps his allies what our
allies did with count vicious we cannot
say but Barbeau and I escaped and we're
coming back here to storm hime in fact I
was in the city which you can confirm
with the guards researching in the
library about the stone to inform you of
such so in the presence of Lords and
your queen you admit to stealing a
powerful magical artifact from a count
of the kingdom and then taking it to
copper hill and destroying it thereby
killing many of the denizens therein did
I have this correct account who's a
necromancer guards seize these men she
said did not and her guards step forward
and draw their weapons regardless of
what you say and we can end it here wait
a second did me and uh did me and my
little buddy pearl back out of this
conversation or possibly you can like
start retreating we are soon as they
started opening their mouths yeah we
kind of started to back up a little bit
as soon as I said philosopher's stone I
was like hmm
I'm sure very quickly you'll be cleared
up cuz you guys weren't there at the
time that come on a lie and say they
were there but the doors will be blocked
and you will not be able to exist yeah I
think when we come back next week we're
gonna see if you guys resist the guards
arresting you all which means die
fighting them chill that's true we
haven't seen the rolls but it is like
the Queen's Guard they they should be
able to take three six level adventurers
four six level well three the six level
adventures in one five level how many we
kill a lot of big stuff today was it
enough for a
five to level up to level six hmm if you
survive whatever comes next then
absolutely
okay so absolutely I'll tangle that over
your head I'll be a little alright and
that wraps us up for today on gnomes
tomes and catacombs I hope you guys all
enjoyed and I hope you all learned about
not telling authorities that you stole
from their highest level the greatest
advisors and associate somebody like wax
noble the comedy here would have helped
a lot in terms of navigating this
conversation
hmm glad Locke's dead what happens okay
well hey um what do you what are you up
to Lily Picchu I go laughs okay um how
about you Devon - my name is Devon I'll
be running the after show twitch.tv
slash Devon Nash where we talk about
what happened and I will do like I'll do
a recap of the episode thanks okay mr.
moisture I go last no just kidding
just follow my youtube trying to build
that or in my streams / m RM o UT oh and
I'm LinkedIn Chet thanks Lily Pete you
can come / stay comfy that's all quite
um i'm destinee obviously shot TV /
destiny destiny oh wait
follow my uh my friends twitter he's
trying to get followers okay it's very
important he wants to get verified okay
you can do it he can survive and then
quite boo where can people find you what
do you do what other projects you have
going on I play a bunch of Dean Dean
it's all one twist not to be / - ooh or
on some other channels but you can find
everything there tape exclamation point
CD and chat for the schedule and a shot
up to Devin - who is struggling today
you done well buddy you done well good
good rolls there though he did we need
it out death friendship I'm having fun
yeah I mean I appreciate every one of
you here Wow
alright well hey it's been fun
we'll catch you guys next week we should
be here probably on Lily's stream of
next week I think if she's still up for
it yeah bit so yeah have fun I'll see
you guys next week
Devon I'll be streaming the after this I
went over to stream peace out guys
