what's up buddy um I guess before we
start I was wondering if you can um I
don't know just talk about the whole
overall JP versus Harris debate and your
key takeaways I mean I only watch like I
think an hour and a half of the first
episode because it doesn't seem like
watching any more was truthful my main
problem with Sam Harris is it Sam Harris
seems to think that he can make claims
that are with way more authority than
what he actually can I think that once
you're an atheist you kind of lose the
ability well in my opinion but there are
people much smarter than me that
disagree with us Sam Harris is not one
of them though but like I I think that
it's really hard for you to appeal to
some sort of universal set of ethics or
some sort of objectively factually
correct way of understanding like moral
truth in the universe you you can do it
while being an atheist but there are
routes that you go to do that and sam
Harris just kind of assumes it as is he
doesn't actually um he never actually
justifies any of his moral positions he
always just he kind of he kind of begs
the question he sneaks into conclusion
with his wit with his premise where
he'll say something like you know
humanity would be better if we increase
well-being for everybody therefore we
ought increase well-being for everybody
well okay how do you define well-being
and then he was just very circular well
things that are better or well-being is
my problem you see that has to do with
you know the hole is a gap we talk about
a lot yeah of course
okay you I guess talk a little bit about
that in context of that concept sure so
the problem with the is art gap so you
have two types of claims that you can
make you can make descriptive claims and
you can make normative claims so
descriptive claims are basically
statements of fact about the universe
your hair is brown your the rubber band
is on the desk cars travel at 50 miles
per hour right these are like
descriptive claims normative claims are
statements of what we do so something
like
so something like you know we ought
treat people kind in society we ought
not murder people we ought tell the
truth right those are normative claims
sam harris claims that he can take a
descriptive claim like measuring some
neurobiological property and then
generate odd claims off of that using
well being somehow but he never
establishes or defines well-being is
which is like the big problem mm-hmm
okay well at least my concern with that
is that i feel like at least from my
understanding of what harris is arguing
is that he tries to sit like sort of
skip over that whole debate mm-hmm i
like trying to define bad into something
that i think we would all agree with
like you know i think he like JP would
call it like hell and some arrows would
say like the worst conceivable
experience you know forever or something
like that right yeah so like i'm just
curious like why do you think of that is
not a good way to like I guess skip over
that issue
sure well there's two big problems one
is bad for Sam and the other is really
bad for Sam so the first thing is that
when you make claims like this all
you're really doing is preaching to the
choir if I were to speak to an audience
think of a world with the worst possible
experience for everybody and that world
is bad now think of a world where
experiences are better the best possible
experiences that's good and then there
are all the worlds in between this is
called the moral landscape now he can
make that but the problem is that every
single person the problem is that like
every single person is going to be
envisioning totally different worlds
like one person might envision a world
with the most possible good is a world
where women aren't sexually promiscuous
and where men you know rule over
everything and women stay-at-home thing
and another person might envision a
world where where women actually
dominate the men right but so when you
just when you make these kinds of
vacuous statements which is what they
are they're vacuous because they don't
really convey any real meaning up like
the worst possible world in the best
possible world Sam Harris doesn't really
get you there so he doesn't really give
you a way to think about it
and then the second thing is that if sam
harris actually admits that and and
tries to appeal to something else like
internal desires or something he
essentially moves into territory that's
already had extensive conversation or
literature about it and then he has
really no real contribution to make like
things like egoism or whatever where
people have talked about these things
like to death or way in way more depth
than sam harris ever has well I want to
sort of try to think more about that
first argument that you were saying
mmm-hmm isn't it the like I haven't
really read Harris particularly deeply
or anything like rapid doesn't hear
argue that like the moral landscape has
like multiple peaks that if you were to
imagine morality to be sort of like the
topography of like a mountain range
you know elevation low elevation would
be like the badness and highest
elevation would be you know what
whatever is good it is possible for
there to be like multiple heights or
like multiple optimal stages from where
I am it again anything thing that just
makes this thing more weaselly and
within less authority so like what does
that mean what is a world where like
here's the question I would ask Harris
or any Harris fan how do you define a
world with maximal well-being what is
well-being mean Sam Harris never has
defined that ever as far as I'm aware of
even in its literature he hasn't defined
it well the way that it's logical right
cuz like sure but again if it's if it's
if it's vacuous than and right you're
just saying like well what is well-being
well well-being is when everybody B's
well well okay well what do you do if
somebody disagrees with your definition
of well-being well they're wrong I guess
right like that's all you can say well I
mean I think that that's a fair point
but the way that I imagined it and I was
thinking about this analogy that it
seems to be like your argument seems to
be like well Sam Harris to probably say
things like oh yeah I getting Bernard
stove that's probably bad we can all
probably agree with that but he but his
morality can't address those other
questions that you were asking like uh
you know as a society better if it was a
if woman works returning to man or vice
versa uh-huh and to an extent I do agree
with that I don't think that he tries to
tackle those things but at the same time
I don't think that he needs to solve
those issues for his argument to be
valuable in my eyes the reason why I
believe that is because I sort of
imagined it like this like let's say
that we neither of us had any idea of
what math was and let's say that someone
comes up and says well I think one plus
one equals two and then imagine another
person coming up and saying all actually
what's one times infinity and the first
person says gee I don't know the second
person would say well you can't you
can't you can't really tell us this more
complex issue therefore the first
statement one plus one is two we should
throw it away too
does that make sense no because these
are descriptive claims that we can like
use other processes to kind of appeal to
to figure out what the answer is but
like descriptive claims are much
different than normative claims sam
harris claims that he can give us
normative answers from from descriptive
claims which is the problem we have with
sam harris ok well then like what do you
define i was like like moral statements
what we do mm-hmm like how's that
distinct from like like for example like
if you want to increase your your like
muscle size or whatever you have to like
bench XYZ huh like how is that distinct
from something like you should not kill
someone um well we can make a moral
clock we can make a normative claim
there and we can make a descriptive
claim there right here's a descriptive
claim resistance training tends to
increase the strength of people that do
it right they practice it now what we
engage in resistance training those are
two totally different types of questions
right we can make a descriptive claim
about what resistance training is and
its impact on the human body but whether
or not it's something we should pursue
is a question that science can never
answer right ok
think understand what you're saying so
you're saying that um I'm just gonna
repeat it back to see if we're on the
same page so you're saying that science
sort of just like gives us a road to
like discovering what is actually
happening whereas it can't really touch
like how do we evaluate values yeah
exactly
okay um the way that I at least think
about that right at least in the context
of Harris's original claim that like you
know everything like if every every
experience being bad is how careful slow
again again be careful with the
definition cuz you're already snuck in
your conclusion like every experience
being bad what do you mean by bad
well like every like if pain was a dial
and being turned up to like max or time
sure buddy even that how you value pain
that's a value statement so for instance
going by your same example resistance
training often involves pain right when
you're trying to you know push your max
and cause muscle whatever it's in order
to grow you know more fibers that that's
a painful process so why should one
pursue that if it causes pain well yeah
that's a good point but I think that on
Harris wouldn't like look at pain so one
dimensionally he would argue something
like there are good types of pain and
bad types yeah but again how do you
value that well how do you decide what's
good and what's bad that's the problem
that's the whole problem right era if
you have an answer I've been curious to
hear it because say it doesn't well I
don't think that I have necessarily an
answer is just this is perhaps just like
an intuition on my part you know that it
isn't really justified which is well
which is the problem then but then that
means that all of Sam's work is
pointless because it is all at the end
of the day just an intuition which he
admitted as much to Peterson but then
the problem is if that's your intuition
and that's gonna be your ultimate
justification then how do you tell the
religious man that he's wrong for his
intuition that God is real because you
essentially the strength of your claim
is the same at that point yeah but at
that point you know what I would sort of
bring up is is probably something
similar to
I don't know if you remember like it's
been while ago where you were sort of
looking into properly basic beliefs
uh-huh
so I think like perhaps a similar idea
happens there to like work that's are
you yeah like I think the similar thing
happens there too because like I think a
certain point if a person were to
seriously consider you know me suffering
for like you know no no personal
gratification is bad like a for person
to like actually consider that premise
would mean for them not to be able to
like function as a human being as we
understand it does that make sense no
way can you say that again so like maybe
let me try to bring up that whole
properly basic belief thing just to make
sure that we're on the same page so the
idea of the process properly basic
belief is that there are certain ideas
that are so basic so intertwining into
our biology that seriously cast them
into doubt is not worthwhile so like an
example that could be something like
causation yes like if yeah so to the
same extent I think that can be said
about things like suffering or pain sure
but like if you want to do that then
then again like then Harris's work is
all meaningless because he could have
just wrote instead of a book he could
have wrote like he could have wrote he
gonna wrote one page and it just says
like hey listen morality is self-evident
because it's just the things we feel and
that's it like he doesn't need to UM I
don't know why do you what do you feel
that cuz I cuz like I personally think
that like if we can if we can all agree
like on a personal level that like to
cast it's about whether or not you know
the worst pain for no reason is bad like
I feel like if we don't have a first
grant that one premise I feel like
morality it becomes like
yeah but the problem is like how do you
define pain what's bad pain and what's
good pain because there's some pain that
we suffer that's good well like I think
it would be like that qualifying freaks
that I use like pain for no good reason
or like we use again so like this is
really hard and I understand that this
is um this is a hard thing but like you
keep your you're presupposing your your
your moral statements by you keep saying
like pain for no good reason or pain for
no bad reason how do we decide what's a
good reason for pain or a bad reason for
pain thank you well I don't mean to drop
you but like I think that problem that
you're witnessing maybe it's just
because you know I'm not good enough in
arguing what what I'm trying to say but
I see a similarity and what you were
seeing and what a Christian would say
about them about like hey how do you
really know that causality is a thing no
I don't agree that morality can be a
properly basic belief in the same way
that like causality can be and if you
want to argue that you can but that's
not some harris's argument this is a
different argument now and also again
like sam harris wouldn't need to waste
so much time writing so many like books
and everything he could just say like oh
well I just assumed that all my moral
[ __ ] is true and [ __ ] off because it's
my a priori assumption you can't touch
that like that would be like his well
even his book would be one page long
right
well yeah but like I think that the main
point isn't saying that morality is a
properly basic belief but only a smaller
point about like what is bad but that is
like when once you've figured that out
that's like a whole like moral system
like to define what is bad or what is
good or what is virtuous is like the
whole point of like conceiving of a
moral system is to define what is
virtuous right like I'm pretty sure Khan
has written like [ __ ] thousands of
pages like what is good like categorical
imperatives when I that's not an easy it
seems I'm sorry I'm not laughing to like
Peter sir I'm sorry like it's it's one
of those things where it seems like kind
of an easy question but like I guess
maybe before like philosophy it's like
these things seem like easy questions
but when you actually think about them
they're actually the hardest questions
right like a question is dumb is like is
anything real or can we know if anything
is real or like what is truth how do we
find that or like what is a virtuous are
good these are questions that seem very
easy but you can literally spend
multiple lifetimes you know writing and
pontificating on these things you know
yeah maybe it's just like I bitterly I
haven't really read into too much
philosophy but it feels to me like a lot
of those endeavors
and this is probably I don't know not
not totally justified or whatever but I
feel like a lot of those questions are
ultimately meaningless in my opinion
like if we don't get back to like the
material conditions you know the lived
life and I think that like we get lost
in and you know what is bad what is good
and such in really abstract ideas I
don't think we'll ever be applied for
real life well you say that but we have
to work from it that's kind of the
problem though is that we have to work
from you say abstract ideas but I'd say
we have to work from fundamental ideas
to get to more abstract ideas I'm using
abstracting kind of the opposite way
that you did here but like so for
instance like you know should like so
here's a question right should we do
more things in society to empower women
to have jobs as engineers right that's a
question that's gonna go all the way
back to like very fundamental or basic
beliefs about how society and people
should function and operate otherwise
you're just kind of like talking about
positions that you can't really trace
back to some origin I mean I agree but
like at least I think that like I think
that if we agree on the first premise of
house I think that everything else could
be worked out well yeah but his premise
of Harris is the most important part of
his work wait but that's the problem you
asked me to just take it for granted but
I mean if I take that for granted that's
literally like everything he talks about
the whole point of the moral landscape
was to establish that he can get a
nought from it is using neurobiology
okay well and then also if we just
assume the first parts that you and I
agree on what's good and bad
well then getting there is just a matter
of intellectual rigor right well
the things that produce the most good
that we agree on and what are the things
that produce the most bad that we agree
on there's not like an exercise of
morality that we just we've already
agreed on everything and now we're just
having an intellectual discussion on
ways to get to our agreed areas if you
don't mind me asking are you like what
would be considered like in moral
anti-realist correct so can you explain
a little bit about like what that would
entail or bet no I don't believe that we
can truly make moral statements I don't
think so I don't believe in anything
supernatural or like anything that
exists outside of the physical realm
right so I'd be a physicalist and then I
don't believe that moral fact are
something that can things that can be
discovered in the natural world so I
don't think we can truly like the
statement like murder is wrong I mean we
can conceive a moral system and then
kind of make statements within that
moral system but I don't think that
moral system actually exists in the
natural world I think it's just kind of
like a human imposed thing on society ok
so then would you use because then what
do you say something like if you were to
say something like more like what do you
say murder is wrong or like no octonaut
murder No so then what what do you say
in respect to murder nothing I don't
make statements it's kind of saying what
would you say like and respect like
trees falling over I mean like it's the
thing that happens I can give you
descriptive facts about it but I can't I
don't believe in normative claims I
guess ok well I mean like because at
least this was my perception of what you
meant for like when you talked about
like your preferences and like yeah I
have desires and I try to fulfill them I
think my position is like egoism or
something mm-hmm so what do you say like
in context of that Equus and that you
know when you say things like I'm an
egoist but I ultimately think that like
I should pay taxes because paying taxes
means that like people get benefits and
when everybody else's is is a you know
