where I rant about whatever my $15 a
month plus patrons want me to rant about
you can get one of these by being one of
those this one is for Shadower
who says rant about the debate between
dick Masterson and destiny who has the
more inconsistent argument and why holy
[ __ ] [ __ ] this is one of the hardest
[ __ ] things that I've ever tried to
sit through amen brother
destiny might be the most insufferable
person oh who I've ever tried to listen
to speak I don't think I've ever been
more angry
that's good because if you disagree with
me when I talk it should make you
[ __ ] angry okay now every single
[ __ ] lefty [ __ ] my chat can agree
with you okay they all hate me - brother
this was so infuriating I've never heard
somebody go so far out of their way to
like I don't intentionally try not to
understand what the other person is
saying like first of all everything that
is accusing us of all these exactly
accurate improving but what do we think
are we gonna get some examples we've got
seven and a half minutes left of this do
you think we're actually gonna get
examples of things that I've done that
are actually horrible here we go boys
that every single time he says something
doesn't he completely sidestep the point
that's being made and it tries to ask
for some kinda cific detail that he
could then you know go on so what is it
do i sidestep the point or do I ask for
a detail to elucidate the point I mean
you can't really do both at the same
time [ __ ] [ __ ] when dick brought
up something specific like for instance
La Raza and that lawyer that belonged to
La Raza we went into it and he wanted to
change topics because he was upset
because he felt like he got dragged into
a trump debate the I would did this guy
even lose some of the same [ __ ]
conversation sorry I'm about a [ __ ] - oh
god why are we doing this I need you to
be more lefties
just now and he goes example he's like
this is the example and it doesn't but
uh he just keeps going in circles like
it's so [ __ ] infuriating I can't
believe it's real it's like it sounds
like are you Maddox you know it
if that level of like total
obliviousness to the fact that is every
dick master bro like obsessed with
Maddox is that like a thing like a
hallmark of his I hope everyone has a
great day
like people frame this as no dick like
lost this debate
he's baffling to me but if you do this
and take this me seriously at all I
don't know what's wrong with you um
great this is Oliver from anything else
about this guy other than this episode
but listen to him talk is like
hair-pulling Wheaton period I hope to
get a chance to debate it myself I would
love to argument this [ __ ]
because I'm like they live in arguing
you know I famous he's the famous last
words
he lives in arguing I'm not even
watching the rest of this disguise not
has never said anything that I haven't
heard before I already feel like my mind
contains every possible thing that this
[ __ ] guy could ever possibly say
oh please kill me please Lord deliver me
from this horrible [ __ ] conversation
I'm about to have lord please be with me
please protect me hello dizzy bro
the one and only I'm here how are you
doing this wonderful day I'm doing fine
okay good to hear so we gonna argue here
we're gonna have a debate yep that's
what we're here to do my dude all right
so as I understand it I am here to argue
with you the fact that you put words in
people's mouths that's what we're
arguing about it's a way of arguing well
that's what you agreed to argue about on
Twitter oh okay um yeah if you want to
sure was there something else you were
hoping to argue about um I'm just
curious about you you're the video in
general about the dick stuff but I mean
it's probably will cover most of it I
imagine if you say so
um well Waitrose might have any can you
turn up your microphone a little bit
how's that um yeah that's okay all right
so do you deny the fact that you put
words in people's mouths first of all um
it's a very broad question so I'll try
to answer this is the best I can I'm
sure I have at some point but I mean I
try not to I try to make a good-faith
effort to understand what other people
arguing you feel that you you do not
attempt to reframe the things that
people say into something that suits the
narrative that you want to box them into
when you're arguing with them that's a
really loaded question I mean I would
say no I try not to reframe things in
the way that people don't want me to I
do reframe what people say a lot though
I try to like reform it into a more
coherent argument but okay so I have to
wonder when you do something like that
mm-hmm
is it do you just think that you are
better at saying what they mean than
they are is that what you're generally
yes yeah okay so you're just kind of
smarter than everybody so that is a
total non sequitur you think that
because I think that I can rephrase
something that somebody else is set in a
better way because of how it looks like
can I please hold on please let me
finish
because you say a lot of real dump ships
I want to make sure I say everything
very very very carefully okay so you
just said that because I sometimes
reframe what other people say because I
do that because I've had these arguments
a million times that automatically means
that I think I'm better than everybody
else or smarter than everybody else well
no what I'm asking you is when you
reframe someone's argument you think
that you are better at saying it then
they are correct right not what you just
said their spec that doesn't mean I
think I'm smarter than everybody or
better than anybody but I mean surely
you must be better than them at at this
at framing an argument is what you mean
to say right no that it that is what I
said do you recognize there's a
difference between being better at
reframing somebody's argument versus of
course okay of course I of course I
recognize that okay so let's go ahead
and talk about this this tweet chain
that you and I had together sure um I
asked you what do you want to argue
about you responded the idea that dick
brought up and substantiated a single
coherent point during our conversation
mm-hmm
now I don't hold that stance exactly
with the words that you chose so that's
how I responded to which you responded
oh so you admit that dick floundered and
failed to raise a single good point in
our discussion strange I felt a
different vibe from your video now this
is not even close to what I said or was
implying with my tweet is that difficult
for you to agree with yes so in the
first tweet I'm basically saying do you
think that dick brought up a single
coherent point and you said well I don't
ignore so the first lot up and
substantiated a single coherent point
yeah and it seemed like you said you
weren't comfortable defending that so
then I said I said not a stance I hold
with the phrasing chosen
that is the what iris what is your issue
with the phrasing all right we'll get
you that in a second well no no that's
what we're talking about right now right
okay get into it believe me but the more
important point is that what I said is I
do not hold the stance with the phrasing
that you chose so for you to then go and
assume that I had this other stance that
is I nothing I said implies that nothing
I says implies that oh I believe the
exact opposite of what you said I just
said I don't agree with the exact
phrasing you used so I don't understand
how you make this logical leap into oh
so you're saying that dick floundered
and he failed to raise a single good
point never said anything like that just
that I don't agree necessarily that he
brought up and substantiated a single
coherent point with those exact words
don't you say oh that's different I
don't think we should I think we should
move on to the next point what is the
next point whatever you want has the
point this is what I wanted to argue
with you about is that you okay so then
I'll hold on what's up and I'll tell you
I don't know if you have like social
like problems like some sort of autism
whatever you have an inability to
understand people are saying but
typically if somebody says you don't
agree with the idea that somebody
brought up and substantiated a single
coherent point it's pretty reasonable to
assume that you didn't think they
brought up and defend any points that's
like a pretty reasonable yeah that's a
pretty reasonable assessment I think who
who's reasonable in whose book I have to
wonder just like that's something you
believe is reasonable I don't believe so
I don't vote for you too especially with
the phrasing that you choose such as so
you admit that's where you're putting
words in my mouth now you could have
very easily framed this as are you
saying this and I could have said no I'm
not saying that I could have reacquaint
you but because you are putting words in
my mouth you are now trying to cause me
to have the argument you want me to have
so that I will argue the way you want me
to well that's really you can I'm not
the one right you made you I'm not the
one that made you disagree with it with
both ends of a dichotomy that's on you
if you want guy kata me okay we just
can we just let's just read the tweet
okay so yes I just did I have it okay
yes oh okay cool so let's go over this
word by word okay or let's read the
whole thing first okay so the idea that
dick brought up and substantiated a
single coherent point during our
conversation if you disagree with that
you don't think it's fair for me to
assume then that you don't believe the
dick brought up and substantiated a
single coherent point if you say no or
what which word could you take issue
with here then I'm since it doesn't
negate like the entire idea I'm curious
the the issue I take issue the word I
take issue with is substantiated so you
believe that dick brought up points but
he didn't substantiate them yes I would
say that I would say okay let's just
follow this okay so you believe that
dick did bring up points but you leave
but you believe he did not substantiate
them right that's what I would say okay
so then when I say that he failed to
raise a single good point in our
discussion you don't think that like
raising a good point that's
substantiating that good point is like
part of no I don't think you have to
substantiate a point for it to be a good
point if I go and tell you that the sky
is blue in the daytime I don't have to
substantiate that for it to be a good
point like you we all know that is true
and so when I watch the debate you had
with dick I don't need him to
substantiate the things he said because
I already know they are true it is
already self-evident to me I don't need
him to explain it for me to think oh
this guy is correct because I don't know
he's corrector so let me so let's take a
step back and I'm gonna do that reframe
thing and you could tell me if it's
unfair so it sounds like you're telling
me but if two people are having a debate
one side could just raise points that
you already agree with and they don't
necessarily have to provide any evidence
or backing for those points as long as
you already agree with them and it's
still a good point it it can be the case
okay I've never in my life heard of
conducting a conversation where two
people disagree in this case but if you
think that's true then in your framework
then then I would concede to you that's
totally possible then I guess dick did
bring up good points he just didn't
substantiate anything but there's still
good points if they've you want let's
let's say that we have a conversation
for instance a debate between a flat
earther and somebody who thinks the
world is round right and let's say that
the person who thinks the world is round
is not very good at arguing they're just
kind of stating over and
again of course the world is round the
science says so and the other guy is
raising a million points that he has for
his argument and the other guy even
though all the things the Flat Earth are
saying are provably untrue the guy who
believes the earth is round doesn't know
how to disprove them yeah so he's not
raising good points no he's not raising
good points he is raising all he's not
around the whole point of a good point
the reason why a point is good is
because it's substantiated you can't
just lay out a concern and justify this
person said the world is round and they
didn't have a good argument for why that
they don't have a good point that the
world is [ __ ] round now with them
they're not the facts yeah correct
the debate is what you're saying you do
know it's possible to win a debate even
if you don't have the best or most
objectively correct position right who
decides who wins a debate well I mean we
can use logical structures to go through
a series of premises and see if they
naturally lead to a conclusion why
decide who wins a debate though who's in
what you're asking an incredibly broad
question I mean in some cases you a very
broad question who decides okay well on
a high school it would be moderators
decide who wins the debate I'm in the
public forum it could be a random
listener decides who wins the debate I
mean between two people it could be that
both of them come to decision who wins
the debate I don't know where does
though where does the buck stop on this
like so it's not a buck stopping it's
not like this has to stop somewhere it's
it depends on who's listening any single
person have their own interpretation of
share conversation goes that's what I
mean to say is that there is no way to
say that like one or the other person
quote unquote one they can win in the
eyes of the beholder so to speak like
whoever happens to listen to it and
decide for themselves but like in the
there there is you think there's no
possible way to listen to a conversation
with two people and come through and
come up with some objective framework by
which we can evaluate whether or not one
person made better more coherent
arguments on the other person this is
really the argument you want to go with
I'm telling you not no that's not what
I'm arguing I'm arguing that you can win
a debate debating poorly by being
correct okay well what you just said is
just wrong I don't know how else to
phrase that well who
who who is to say every single person
had has ever studied any topic in their
entire life if you've ever taken a math
class if you've ever taken an art class
if you've ever taken an English class
all of those teachers will never give
you scores for like making a good point
if you don't substantiate that's all on
that's on the teachers that's on the
structure all of academia on all the
collection of human knowledge yes
yeah I agree yes that's what I usually
rely on you have so and that inherently
makes that all correct no not a Harun
Lee it's the fact that we tend to rely
on these structures of discourse that do
well we tell ya because if you want you
can be some weird like epistemic
anti-realist that doesn't believe in any
truth or whatever in the entire universe
although it's weird that you have like a
youtube channel critiquing other art if
you believe that I don't think that
that's your mind state either so no of
course y'all have videos with titles
like objectivity doesn't [ __ ] exist
so we can go down that route you don't
need objectivity and art to understand
that there are reasonable frameworks by
which we can appeal to to have discerns
reasonable frameworks is one thing
nobody decides whether or not the thing
you are saying is true though okay so
that is a consensus agreement well and
sure we can say that the winner of a
debate is whoever the most people say
won but it doesn't make them having won
you understand okay what makes somebody
having won a debate that nothing nothing
could prove that somebody's want a
debate it's always in the eye of the
beholder it's always up to every
individual to decide and you think that
that decision has to go by the emotions
of every person watching you can't
appeal to some other type of framework
oh you could appeal to anything but my
point is simply that if if say you know
again with the flat earth round earth
debate like if you were to watch that
debate would you not come away thinking
okay well that guy made terrible points
but he's correct so the other guy's a
[ __ ] [ __ ] no because I'm not a
[ __ ] [ __ ] that's not how you
evaluate arguments you go by whoever
lays out a conclusion that is best
supported by the premises that they
state that's how you decide who's the
winner in an argument not by whoever you
agree but what you just described as
literally confirmation by us right like
I agree with that guy I don't care what
his arguments are but I'm gonna agree
with him anyway
like there are literally names for how
horrible these forms of thought oh that
you're defending it doesn't okay you say
confirmation bias like it's this this
really horrible thing for me to agree
with the guy who didn't
a good argument but I might already know
a better argument doesn't matter it
still makes his own image sure it
doesn't matter though that doesn't make
his argument good have you taken enough
to be good for him to win the debate is
like okay so have you ever taken like
math classes in like college or whatever
no okay have you ever taken an English
class of course right okay so that if
the English teacher is going to ask you
why do you think why do you think the
murderer would ever shop the guy at the
beach or whatever shot the air above the
beach and the stranger okay and some
book right you can't just say well he
shot him for no reason because the
author is a [ __ ] existentialist
assumption right you have to actually
like provide like reasons or you can't
just say he shot him because I really
think so right whether you're right or
wrong doesn't matter the thing that the
teacher is looking for is your thought
process and how you arrive at the
conclusion right this is the important
thing that matters just writing the
answer will get you no credit on tests
like these same thing when it comes to
art evaluation if you want to evaluate
two pieces of art you have to lay by
some framework by which you evaluate
them this is the course like yeah so
it's the same thing with any argument
you can't just say just because one guy
has the right conclusion that it's by
default they don't have to judge an
argument as though you are a teacher
grading a paper like there anybody can
judge it on any basis that they want
like whether or not you think a person
Juan is again like your standards for
winning like yes you personally believe
that an argument has to go this way in
order for it to be considered the victor
but I don't feel that way that's fine
but my argument is the one that produces
a fruitful discourse your argument could
just produce if you can if you if you
say so I do say so and I would appeal to
that and we can have we can have that
argument if you want you're basically
saying that two people can shout at each
other and you're basically advocating
for the complete removal of arguments
like in society like there's literally
no reason for to God so it is the
logical a let me just let me get to a
sense ok it is the logical extension of
what you're saying if two people cow in
what way is that too much well I don't
worry I'll walk you through it nicer so
if two people are having an argument
okay and there's a bunch of people
listening and all of those people are of
your mindset where they're thinking I
don't give a [ __ ] what either people are
what either side is going to like argue
how they're going all right
is of my mindset a lot of people are I
agree but that's a bad thing I mean you
are of my mindset no I am because solute
would have decided the framework by
which you are going to judge the
argument as everyone else is no but I'm
saying that no judge do this no no no so
alright go ahead
somebody so somebody's saying okay I
think this person is making a good
argument just because I agree with the
conclusion and not gonna listen to any
of the actual arguments that is not the
framework that I appeal to when it comes
to arguing with people what do you
appeal to I mean some sort of I guess
some sort of it depends on the type of
argument but generally we list out some
amount of argument or something we check
the validity of said arguments and then
if those arguments reasonably support
the conclusion then we say that this
person made the better argument and then
we check those two to counter the other
premises laid out by the other person
making an argument then we see whose
arguments stand at the end of the day
and who's better support each other's
conclusion okay it's a pretty good
system I bet that it appeals to a lot of
people it probably is you know something
that would convince a lot of people that
whoever you know argued better in the
way that you're framing it is the winner
of that argument but that doesn't make
them the winner of that argument and it
doesn't mean anybody else has to agree
with it yeah well nobody had what these
are the most vacuous position I've heard
no one has to agree that of course no
one has to do anything right but my
argument is that my position is better
for figuring out who is the actual like
person who's coming out on top of the
argument versus somebody who's saying
well I feel like this guy's winning
because I don't feel going I don't think
it's better okay why not Sara Lee think
it's better I don't think if I walk away
from that flat earth round earth debate
that I should come away thinking that
the flat earth guy was the winner
what if you're somebody that already
believes in Flat Earth and you go in and
the other round earthers one making only
good arguments but you believe in the
Flat Earth guy because you just like his
conclusion better well that's your
that's your prerogative so you think
that's okay then can you come here you
see yeah so you think that's okay that a
flat earther can walk into a flat earth
versus round earth debate and he doesn't
care what any of the arguments are he's
always gonna walk out believe me a flat
earther do you think that's okay you
would advocate I didn't say I think it's
okay why isn't that okay I'm not
advocate wait a minute just tell me tell
me specifically you know I'm not asking
you how the way things are that's not
the converse that we're having a
prescriptive conversation on how things
should be
so I'm asking well I'm not I
don't believe in any kind of
prescriptivism so well you don't you
don't believe that we should ever act
how you literally okay so you don't
think that we should tell people
anything about how they should act or
what they should do whatever everybody
should just do whatever not that
everybody should just do whatever I mean
yes we should tell people how they
should act if we want them to do what we
want them to do okay what you just said
as a former prescriptivism then right we
should tell we ought to tell people how
they should act in some regards right
it depends on how you're looking at it
like if we're if you're saying that like
in order to meet the ends that we are
hoping to meet we should do that then
yes I consider that manipulative I don't
necessarily consider that like like a
good thing
sure so what we have Church so let's go
back to them the original example that
you used okay if everybody was using my
system and around or throwing a flat
earther went to a debate and half the
people believed in rounder than half the
people believe in Flat Earth and
everybody was using my system where they
listened to the better arguments then
assuming both of them like argued
honestly everybody would come out
believing in the round earther because
they're evaluating the premises to see
if they reasonably swore the conclusion
in your system half of them would go
well leaving a flat or nobody ever got
that the point of this debate you've
completely recontextualized what this
rounder flatters debate was the point of
this as an example was that the round
earther gives a terrible argument that
all he says is the earth is round I
don't have to argue this it's fact
the flat earther has facts figures at
while he doesn't effects but you know he
has he has what he believes to be facts
the round earth err cannot disprove him
because it other than to say that the
earth is round here but I'm asking what
if you flip it what if the Flat Earth
are actually wins the debate or whatever
what are you talking about or wait wait
wait so you're saying if you've gotten
lost in my example here already do it's
really really hard I don't usually go
like this [ __ ] stupid for these oh
I've never argued somebody that uh
neurotically says at l'équipe you
shouldn't listen to any arguments to
have a conclusion did I say that
all okay okay I think you're struggling
to follow my rhyme well I'm following it
but it's like it's it's it's actually so
stupid it's really hard for me to like
actually it's so stupid I I can't
understand it you're the [ __ ] [ __ ]
okay you can't
follow my [ __ ] thing it's simple I'm
listening to you but you you like you're
saying that people should go into an
argument and if as long as they you know
one side is right then how are you not
saying it hello wait wait did you not
earlier say that if you go in here let's
do a flat earther and a round earth
debate and the flat earther makes the
best arguments you can still come out
believing the round earther because you
already know it's correct yes how is it
different when I just said that you
should always believe the conclusion if
you know it's correct regardless of what
the arguments are I'm literally just
saying this when did you should always
believe come into this when did I say
anything like that you first you said
you can go into this debate and leave
with this conclusion and then now you're
changing it to oh you should always
those are two very different things
okay wait okay I'm sorry you you you you
do this thing where it's like as long as
broadly it sounds kind of the same then
you make it out like it's the same it's
not I choose my words carefully okay so
you're saying in this tweet I was very
careful to say not a stance I hold with
the phrasing well no you're not being
carefully same thing there notice how
you didn't actually point out with
anything you actually disagree with
right you left it very open because I
don't think you know that your argument
is like totally untenable here oh yeah
yes I know I'm arrogance untenable
that's why your argument is untenable
because if you're going to talk to any
other person that is intelligent and you
ask them do you think that a good point
is one that is unsubstantiated everybody
will say well no of course not that's
not literally at the beginning of our
debate literally got you I asked you a
[ __ ] quote from me where I said that
if somebody wants to twitch clip it you
guys can go back and find it but in the
beginning of this conversation knowing I
literally asked you I said do you think
it's possible to raise a single good
point of a conscience and Shannon do you
think it's possible yes okay so you
think it's possible to make a good point
win wait do you think do you see what
you're doing here you said if you walk
up to somebody and ask them is an
unsubstantiated point a good point
they're going to say no that's because
that statements crazy right
can an unsubstantiated point be a good
point is a completely different argument
this is what I'm accusing you of doing
do you understand that okay so you
believe that it's possible that a good
point can be unseen
Stan she ated right and that is only the
only way and the only way a person I
understand arguing okay see and the only
way a good point can be good if it's
unsubstantiated is this if you already
know that the point is correct I mean
it's not that you have to know that the
point is correct it's that the point has
to be correct what does it mean for the
point to be correct it means probably
that somebody else substantiated it okay
so a good point can be a good point if
it's unsubstantiated an argument as long
as it's substantiated in another
argument as long as it is true as long
as what does it mean for something to be
true I'm so curious about what your
theory of truth is here that you're
subscribed to true insofar as we have a
logical we've come to this conclusion
Allah come to a conclusion so you mean
follow some number of premises that
rationally lead us to a conclusion so of
course if that conclusion is followed by
some number of premises wouldn't you say
that conclusion or point is supported or
substantiated yes it that's what I'm
saying is that the point itself is
substantiated it's provable it's true
however in the context of the debate the
person debating doesn't substantiate it
themselves that doesn't make it less
true okay see what I'm saying so let's
say that a person um okay I'm trying to
think who I got a rack my brain for an
example here you don't need to because
we are often the weeds already because
we're talking whoa no this is a long
thing no no this isn't about whether or
not the claim you know I go I go an okay
let's say that two people are having an
argument over the number of keys on a
piano
okay there are 88 keys and I own a piano
as far as I know okay
generally let's say that one guy okay
says I think there are actually 42 keys
and the guy's like why do you say that
and guys like well because I have 10
mini MIDI keyboards at home and they all
have like you know 40 keys or 42 keys on
them then the other guy goes oh yeah
well and then he takes to Dungeons and
Dragons dice and he rolls them and both
of them land on eight and he's like well
88 is actually
the number of keys on the keyboard
because I rolled these dice and that's
what they told me do you think that guy
has a good point because he's correct I
mean both of them are correct because
the guy literally said that there are 40
whatever keys on his keep yeah but
assuming they're arguing about the
number assuming they're arguing about
the number of keys on a standard piano
do you think that the guy that rolls the
dice that comes up eight and has the
right number then yeah he's correct it
doesn't really matter that he reached
the conclusion like an [ __ ] he is
correct
he has the right information if you come
away from that debate going wow that guy
who rolled the dice was a [ __ ] [ __ ]
pianos clearly at 42 keys then you're an
idiot you'd you could just go look it up
yourself what I'm not trying to add home
I swear what's the highest level of math
you tug why does that matter because
like as soon as you hit like I don't
even know if you need to get to calc to
know that what you're saying is insanity
I think what an intelligent mice okay go
ahead and break it down yes so make your
conclusion doesn't matter right what
matters is your thought process so I
think even in algebra right don't you
get like the big like the other a
squared plus B whatever chit and you
have to break it down you've got to
solve for a variable or whatever even
and those things if you get the correct
answer but your thought process is
[ __ ] then the teacher is not gonna
give you credit for the answer because
the teacher is not gonna give you credit
sure
that doesn't make you incorrect no no no
no stop stop stop you're peeling some
real dumb [ __ ] right now when I say the
teacher I'm not saying that we're ruling
this by the standards of a teacher the
teacher does things because generally
what we want to do is when it produce a
rational coherent thought process that
will tend to predict correct answer sure
future that's what we want to do but if
so if you're getting the answer
incorrect but it makes the it makes the
answer not a good point it's not
substantiated so it's irrelevant so it
doesn't matter if it's right or wrong
what matters is the thought process you
used to get there if you if you are
judging a debate by the standard of that
then yes but if you are not doing that
then no okay wait you said you don't
like deathnote right I think a lot of
people said that in chat or do you think
it's overrated or something it's all
right oh it's all right okay what if I
say what if I came up to and I was like
deathnote that's an all right anime and
you're like oh well why do you think
it's all right it's like well because
anything animated by Japanese people can
only be just alright do you think I made
a good point about death though being
alright I mean
I don't think you made a good point but
you're still correct that it's so late
so you don't think my point is good my
art because my arguments unsubstantiated
by my premises that that Japanese people
can only make alright animation well
what ok if you're saying that your point
was that Japanese people can only make
alright animation no no my point is that
Death Note is alright that's my argument
then you've made it yes you've made a
good point Death Note is alright even
okay that is if that's your point then
yes you've made a good point Death Note
is alright I'm ignoring all the other
[ __ ] you said but Death Note is alright
yeah okay we can agree on that so you
don't see a problem well you could have
a society of people that believe in
something that is maybe really bad or
harmful that could never be swayed from
their opinion because that could be a
problem so then you always keep
broadening this out like I'm talking
about well I broaden it out because I'm
sure because as an online content
creator slash influencer slash political
whatever I'm usually advocating for
things I think people should be doing
and one of the things I advocate for is
have more reasonable conversations and
then you come on here and you say like
well people don't listen to any
arguments at all it's like okay well I
think people should but it's kind of a
conversation I tend to say that nobody
does that I just said that it all
literally all I am saying is that
whether or not someone wins a debate is
entirely up to whoever is judging it
whoever is saying you know in their own
mind this guy won why did he win well I
believe he won because he substantiated
his claims well well I believe he won
because he was correct whether or not
the guy won that there is no actual win
there's only what each individual person
decides and we as a society in a
consensus fashion we might decide hey
like the best way to judge how someone
water lost is using this system where we
say that they substantiated all their
claims right and so we all we decide to
agree with that we all participate in it
we we decide that that's how we're gonna
do things
okaycome son oh god I am saying that
while it is okay for society to think
that it's okay for you to think that it
doesn't mean that it is that whoever you
know substantiate their arguments is
inherently correct
I have chosen to believe that dick won
the argument because regardless of the
fact that he didn't substantiate his
claims well I felt his claims were
substantiated not necessarily by him in
the debate however I agree with the
things that he said based on my own
observations and my own substantiation
of those claims sure then let's go
so what are see if you say that dick if
you say the idea that take brought up
and substantiate a single coherent point
during her conversation I wouldn't say
that he necessarily substantiated yep I
understand your definitions no I got it
okay so I'm curious so what are some
good points that dick brought up that he
failed to substantiate I don't care it
doesn't matter that debate is not what
we're talking about we're talking about
course
oh my god why would it matter that's not
well either the reason why it would
matter is because now I can illustrate
the flaw in your system because you're
gonna tell me they don't care about the
flaws they know you don't care because
you're a [ __ ] [ __ ] I know you don't
care we've already established a [ __ ]
that I've come to have a debate about
the thing that we said we were going to
bait debate about and I don't want to
get I didn't know that the debate we if
you would have just told me I want to
argue that a conclusion excuse me here
is exam what I said not a stance I hold
with the phrasing chosen but we can
definitely argue about how you're a
piece of [ __ ] who puts words in people's
mouths but that's not what I had an
argument about all we've argued about so
far is you think they usually make a
valid conclusion without supporting it
and appearances because when I said oh
this doesn't matter let's get to the
part that I'm actually talking about you
went no let's go back and break down
your language okay so that's what we've
been why well initially I had to you
because you're working with definitions
that I've never heard of my entire life
before so yeah we have to be on the same
page semantically in order to get yet
you seemed you you came into this saying
oh I can already in my head I know
everything this guy could possibly say
and now you're telling me that I have
definitions you've never heard before
that's correct you actually fanuc you
know what that's correct
I set a very low bar and you managed to
scrape by under it you have gotten me I
admit that I have never in my life heard
somebody say that a conclusion doesn't
that the conclusion is right just
because it is no matter what the
arguments are never heard that before so
you have exceeded my expectations so
we've got in to the part where I put
people's words in people's mouths if
that's what you want to do all right so
so you said the idea that deep brought
up to substantiate a single coherent
point I say
not a stance I hold with the phrasing
chosen so now you then say oh so you
admit that dick floundered and failed to
raise a single good point in our
discussion no it's not what I said
it's obviously not what I believe based
on the discussion we've just had you
have made this assumption about me and
put these words into my mouth so that
you can try to get me to debate with you
about dicks podcasting I don't evil I'm
here to talk about how I don't like to
have words put in my mouth I don't like
to have people make assumptions about
what I'm trying to say that go beyond
what I've actually said because I have
put a lot of consideration into what
I've said and I am saying exactly what
I'm saying I'm not saying anything else
I'm not saying whatever other thing
you're trying to ascribe to my words I'm
not arguing there's no there's nothing I
know I know just I said I mean I would
say like some advice for the future is
kind of like learn how people generally
form arguments or have conversations if
you conversations with people based on
what they're [ __ ] saying yes so no I
understand what I'm saying isn't like
what you're saying what you're saying is
unintelligible right like most
reasonable people aren't gonna believe
most reasonable people are going to say
that a good point is one that is totally
unsubstantiated that's not a position
that most people will take a
substantiate this claim that you're
making right now substantiate what claim
this claim that most rational people
have the whatever your I can appeal to
the entire and literally every academic
discipline ever like is never going to
say oh you've made a good point but you
didn't support it with any argument so
that'll never happen so are the only
rational people the the academic world
or people that appeal to like yeah to
using rational arguments yes that's like
the definition of like being rational
it is like logically following like
deductive arguments yes breaking from
that framework would make you ear
actualize yes
oh I'm sorry because I because I stated
that because I cited the academic world
and support of my argument you're saying
that the only people that I'm saying can
be rational or academics it's I'm a
college drop okay well I mean personally
I'm a college dropout so no I don't
obviously believe that I think that
anybody can be a rational person and I
advocate for anybody to be a rational
person so you're saying that no no
rational person ever would have ever
thought of what I thought of so
therefore I must just be horribly
irrational and anybody who listens to me
it is also horror
the rashes no I'm you might have some
people that are rational listening to
you but I'm saying that yes by
definition you are irrational yeah you
are by definition eruption but where is
what's in the definition sure so if you
go into an argument and you think that
somebody can win an argument because you
already agree with the conclusion even
if they made no good arguments that is
by definition irrational yes I didn't
say that it's just because I agree with
them I said because I know they're
correct okay it doesn't change what I
just said you're still irrational it is
irrational about knowing that something
is correct rationale because there's a
difference be knowing some of these
correct versus saying somebody made a
good point that's where I guess that's
the hair we're splitting well it's not
splitting a heretic read it all the way
down oh dude the difference will take
you dick out of your mouth so like 20
seconds I know you like his terminology
a lot but no there's a difference
between look there's a difference
there's a doodoo and I'm sure you do
okay there's a big difference between
making a good point versus knowing that
the person's argument is correct do you
acknowledge that there's a difference
there it can you not see the difference
between those two things I don't I don't
think that those are inherently two
different things that's okay that's the
hair we're splitting can you say that
can you say that to me I know you love
that phrase drill-down because somehow
you think that like actually analyzing
what you're saying is like a bad thing
okay when you wanted by the fact that I
didn't even remember that dick had used
that term against you but that is really
funny that you've clung to it and it's
hanging in your mind like it's not
hanging in my mind that debate we
actually like got me and like real hard
with a pka community because most people
saw that he was a [ __ ] [ __ ] after
that conversation he even got roasted
for it on the [ __ ] podcast about it
because everybody realized how [ __ ]
stupid he was but anyway your point ever
podcast sure
so anyway Europe even dicks own as fans
in a subreddit where they had to start
banning people is actually really funny
so you think that advanced were [ __ ]
[ __ ] okay everybody is apparently in
your world
interesting so um you're saying that
it's possible that somebody can make a
good point even though the argument is
not there that it's totally
unsubstantiated as long as you know that
the point is correct it's not about
whether I know it it's about whether the
point is correct how can it how can you
how can you how can something be correct
if you don't know what's correct are you
appealing to like God to figure out the
miss of an argument does that mean I
mean again I mean I explained this
earlier that it has been substantiated
by someone so then you know it's been
substantiated by someone so you know
it's correct I mean if it is just what I
just said I don't let's say I don't know
[ __ ] [ __ ] right and I come away from
an argument thinking that the guy who
said the earth is round is correct even
though I don't know I don't know the
substantiation of that I just know it's
true just because that's what I've you
know every piece of information I've
ever happened to see like would lead me
to that conclusion even if I don't like
I've never heard a scientist break it
down for me I don't think that you know
I I don't think I have to know like a
substantiate a substantial argument I
just have to know that it's a fact to
come away feeling that that person won
the argument
Jesus so what I want to hear you say is
if a flat earther argues better yeah no
no I'll say it's a flat earther table
yes if a flat earther is a bird able to
raise arguments that a round Arthur is
not able to counter and the flat earther
substantiates his claim that the earth
is flat better than the round Arthur can
at the earth is round and yes of course
the flat earther would win that debate
absolutely by the definition of
everything we know about a debate at
discourse yeah do you think you've
raised a good point here yeah I do
I think there's a lot of people who are
gonna hear you say that and go that's
[ __ ] [ __ ] because you can't
substantiate that the earth is flat
there aren't really do you want to have
a debate about it really do I have a
debate about it right now because I
promise you all win that debate if that
I will debate that the earth is flat you
could say it's round and I will win that
conversation do you really want to do it
there is no winning that conversation
but you can it's like again this is how
you think it works you think that if you
raise all these points about how the
earth is flat and I don't then that
means you won but the earth isn't flat
all the things but how do you determine
that will be [ __ ] how do you know
that they are not true how do you know
what's true or false how do you know
that because I've heard it substantiated
by God there you are so you do need to
substantiate these points of course I
never said you didn't have to
having some statue somewhere in the
world just not in the context of the
debate then what is the point of the
debate if not to show previous
substantiation of a point the point of
visit bate is to just go and say by the
way guys this is right and then everyone
in the audience that already knows knows
what the [ __ ] is the purpose of any
debate in your world there would there
would be no point to that debate why
would you have that debate
okay let's choose something then that's
not that's not so far out there how
about single-payer Healthcare do you
think that in this debate somebody could
just go and say single heyo Healthcare
is good or bad and that's it and their
point is good or bad based on whether or
not it's true even though you don't know
how to know if it's true because they're
not substantiating their point I mean
yeah if they're if their point is true
then it's true and Herman what's true I
will probably not come away from the
argument necessarily feeling that what
they've said is true because it hasn't
been substantiated to me in any way but
had I done that research I probably
would come away going yeah I mean the
guy's right you know he's not doing a
good job explaining it but he is right
okay were there any other topics you
wanted to hit up no that was it
okay good luck my did you - holy [ __ ]
[ __ ] okay wait okay so I sometimes I
like incredulously like go freak out
over how [ __ ] stupid some of the
people I talk to are and then some
people like well destiny could you
explain why that's wrong okay
so here's the problem with his thought
process okay and in your okay so all we
use math first is an example and then
we'll move to like real world like
ethical or policy issues right so if you
take a math class right if you were
doing I'm pretty sure this is true of
like all levels of math past like
algebra right if you're proving
congruent triangles and trigonometry
geometry or trigonometry just like the
sohcahtoa I don't even [ __ ] remember
I don't remember anything about [ __ ]
math right if you're doing integrals or
derivatives there any [ __ ] like that
right the reason why getting the answer
right is usually only worth like one
point on like a ten point problem
something right the reason why I getting
the answer right but having the wrong
thought process will lose you points is
because what you're trying to do is
you're trying to instill a good thought
process that will lead you into making
good decisions in the future right if
you ask somebody what the integral is a
four
squared and that's eight or like 4x
squared the integral that is 8x is that
how it works the variable comes down to
some [ __ ] it's like 8x right if you if
you were to ask somebody like what the
have you were to ask somebody like I
don't know if I did it backwards or
there might be the derivative but if you
were to ask somebody like what is the
integral of this and I say oh well I
know it's the integral because to figure
out the integral you double the first
number and then you uh and then that's
how you get the integral then you delete
the exponent is that the derivative that
might be a derivative ya integral might
be the other way right if you were to do
that then you would mark it off right
and the person would say well hold on I
don't understand I got the answer
correct why it doesn't matter if I got
the why does it matter if I if I use the
wrong process and the reason is because
when you go to do future problems if
you're using that process of just
doubling the first number you're gonna
get the wrong answer over and over and
over again just because you get the
answer correct one time doesn't mean
that doesn't mean that all of a sudden
whatever thought processes you used used
can be used for every single problem
that makes sense like you had the the
most important thing is the thought
process because that's what's going to
predict future success where where
success is measured by your ability to
get the correct answer [ __ ] did that
make sense I talked a lot there
[Music]
