ladies and gentlemen thrilled to have
you here very very excited for this epic
debate this is a very honestly I can't
express how thrilled I am my friend
Stephen C and he called me before he
said you can't host this but this is the
Internet is going to employ James you
can't host it I said he said I'm afraid
I said Stephen
we got it we it's a risk we have to take
we will cross that bridge when we get
there it's worth it for this this is how
special it is so we have two Titans of
debate these guys are superb you've seen
them before I'm sure this is going to be
a lot of fun folks they are both linked
in the description so that way if you're
listening you're like oh snap
these debaters they've got some mean
game you can check out more at those
links below so with that if this is your
first time here consider hitting that
subscribe button as you know a lot of
upcoming debates including are in raw
and dr. fuzz Rana will be here tomorrow
to debate if biology points to God that
will be an exciting one and who many
others to come so don't forget to hit
that notification bell if you'd like
those reminders and with that want to
just mention this is going to be a like
kind of formal / informal where we have
12 minute opening statements and
debaters can use as much or as little of
that as they'd like and then we'll have
an eight minute rebuttal followed by 40
minutes of open discussion and then
we'll have Q&A for about 25 minutes so
going to be a great time and we will
have Michael starting first as he's
taking the affirmative on whether or not
God exists so glad to have you here
gentlemen this is always fun and it's a
I want to mention too that more
importantly these guys are not only
superb debaters very personable they
have not let their success go to their
head there they're very real so I really
appreciate having you guys on thanks for
being here both of you
yeah thanks for having me thanks for
having me you betcha
so with that Mike I am pulling up the
timer hey I don't see the thing to share
my screen at the bottom where's the
button now no problem it's yeah I just
had
start zoom so alright I'll share screen
now okay
well alright I'm happy to have this
conversation today and Thank You Steven
for agreeing to discuss this diving
right in I myself am a classical
apologist so that means I'll be arguing
a theistic or deistic worldview is more
probable given the evidence so I don't
claim I can prove God exists and I won't
be arguing specifically for Christian
theism tonight I'll be arguing for basic
theism or deism and I'll present two to
three arguments that God exists so the
first argument I want to present is the
digital physics argument let's begin
with the data in several of my videos
I've presented various lines of evidence
that space-time is emergent not
fundamental in the hunter rectify
quantum mechanics of relativity
physicists discovered something known as
the holographic principle this is a
theory which suggests the entire
three-dimensional universe can be seen
as two-dimensional information in other
words basically the whole
three-dimensional universe the particles
make up reality would emerge from
underlying information in quantum field
theory then in 2017 a peer-reviewed
study published observable evidence for
the holographic principle so from
looking at irregularities in the
background radiation their team found
that simple equations of quantum field
theory can explain almost all
cosmological observations is a
marginally better fit than the standard
model and potentially explain apparent
anomalies so this line of evidence
suggests the universe space-time is not
fundamental about emergent also the
emergent features of space-time can be
seen elsewhere a study from later that
same year argued quantum entanglement is
an inevitable feature of reality to
quote directly they say we show that any
theory with a classical limit must
contain entangled States thus
establishing entanglement as an
inevitable feature of any theory
superseding classical theory
strengthening this another study from
this year 2019 found evidence of
nonlocality
even when two particles were not
directly entangled so there were still
nonlocality even without direct
entanglement so thus the information
between two particles doesn't seem to be
affected by space as it can be
transferred instantly so building on
Sean Carroll this implies space is not
fundamental but for the underlying world
of quantum mechanics but an emergent
phenomenon of the classical world that
only exists after measurement so the
evidence implies all of the space-time
is emergent I can argue the emergent
nature
a matter of space-time from numerous
areas be it quantum mechanics the
holographic principle Brian Whitworth's
features of a virtual reality or in many
other ways but the idea of space-time is
emergent isn't it not fundamental is
accepted more and more by physicists
every day so physicists kind soap yang
says emergent or emergent space-time is
a new fundamental paradigm quantum
gravity thus most up-to-date evidence
suggest all of what we experience space
time and matter all seem to be emergent
constructs of the class world not
fundamental aspects of reality but now
the question becomes what is space-time
emergent from and how does this relate
to God's existence well essentially the
classical world would emerge from the
underlying information or wavefunction
of the quantum realm however
interestingly enough the same underlying
features have been seen two parallel at
look mi Istanbul s understandings of
2,000 businesses Diedrich Dartz took
this one step further and published a
paper learning that our cognitive
processes can be readily modelled using
a mathematical formula zhim of quantum
mechanics so in other words our inner
mental world of thoughts quality
emotions can be modeled in terms of
hilbert space and one of processes the
same processes that give rise to space
haven't matter so space time and matter
are emergent from quantum wave function
in Hilbert space and the inner world of
consciousness in mind to be modeled via
quantum processes in the study of
quantum cognition so this would suggest
the evidence implies space-time is
emergent why is it emergent space-time
would be similar or indistinguishable
from the same properties of a month so
the simplest explanation is the universe
is just to merge it from a mind if what
the universe emerges from resembles of
mine it is far more parsimonious to
accept that that the universe would
emerge from mine that we just call God
this is also backed by the recent work
of astrophysicists Frank Lavazza and
neurosurgeon Alberto Cellini we word an
article and the similarities between
neural networks in the cosmic galaxies
there they show the properties of neural
networks are similar to the cosmic web
of galaxies something we would expect
the universe is emerging from my mind so
basically here is a formal
representation of the digital physics
argument I have to save time I won't
explain the formal syllogism but that
should be enough starting evidence to
suggest our classical you know
she's emerged from mine I could come
back to this if Steven wass wait I'll be
negative picture this real quick sign
okay okay yeah so the next argument I
want to present is the cosmic conscious
argument this is named for Eugene Wigner
work see are you done no I got it
this is a cosmic consciousness so
premise one contingent minds either have
a personal explanation or a natural
explanation this is not too
controversial or almost all theories of
mine year hold to redemption this views
or believe consciousness is irreducible
as it is and would have to come from a
fundamental conscious source premise to
quantum mechanics in other fields of
science imply the natural universe is
emergent from information processing and
consciousness this is the most
controversial premise I'd say I've
argued this more extensively in my
videos but essentially numerous
experiments in quantum mechanics
suggests consciousness plays an
important role in wavefunction collapse
and the appearance of material reality
we can get more into this during the
discussion section but essentially
experiments such as interaction free
experiments delayed choice quantum
eraser experiments tublat violation of
the legged inequality and conformation
of coach inspectors there and lead to
the inference consciousness causes
collapse here's an interesting study
from justice here without getting into
too much detail they argue this result
lends considerable strengths to
interpretations of quantum theory
already set an observer dependent
framework and dimensional revisions of
those which are not so the evidence
implies the observer does play a role in
quantum processes the number one
objection of course is that interaction
or decoherence alone is enough to
explain wave function so wavefunction
collapse that an observer is just a
something at physical interacts with the
system but this is a popular
misconception as one physicist says does
Keiko here and solve the measurement
problem clearly Lana
clearly not what decoherence tells us is
that certain objects feel classical when
they are observed but what is an
observation at some stage we still have
to apply the usual probability rules
quantum theory maximum sois Houser says
gee coherence arises from a direct
application of the quantum mechanical
formulism
to a description of the interaction of a
physical system with its environment by
itself T coherence is neither an
interpretation
nor a modification quantity X and of
course we have observed collapsing
experiments without interaction taking
place thus as physicists like John von
Neumann Henry stat Fred Kutner Bruce
Bruce Rosen blooper in our house or
Chacon Henry
even Barney and Squires etc all argue
this philosophically leads to the
conclusion consciousness ultimately
causes collapse so this is coming from
actual physicists I just want to point
that out so it follows the appearance of
material reality is emergent from
consciousness not the other way around
so conclusion one the natural universe
cannot be explained cannot be the
explanation of contingent minds since
material reality emerges from
consciousness the explanation of the
universe explanation of the existence of
conscious minds is personal this
personal source is what we call or title
God therefore God exists so unless
someone can demonstrate consciousness is
emergent from the brain and trust me I'm
willing to go over several studies in
the field of neuroscience the most
likely explanation is consciousness is
irreducible and thus contingent minds of
ourselves would most likely be
contingent on a larger consciousness to
controls reality and range other
contingent Minds into existence and this
is what we call God a third and finally
I'll present the same line of reasoning
via basic philosophy through something
called the introspective argument it's a
premise one the mind exists knowing what
the mind can data is not really
controversial premise two the properties
of the mind are not that which matter
can have so there have been there's been
no evidence or theory which can show
consciousness or mental properties can
reduce to matter John Cyr says how does
a mental reality a world of
consciousness intentionality and other
mental phenomena fit into a world
consisting entirely of physical
particles and fields of force Colin
MacLean says the problem of materialism
is that it tries to construct the mind
out of properties that refuse out of the
mentality so there are simply no
evidence consciousness can emerge from
matter on all neuroscience can show it
best it's correlation or causation
however the properties of matter we
experience can easily be reduced to mine
since all of what we experience is a
mental world of quality sounds taste
we essentially experience a mental
reality so there's no reason to posited
a scream material world we haven't we
experience and yes this will be idealism
he thwarts doesn't like this any
physicist will say that brains are
mostly empty space and which molecules
atoms electrons quarks and other strange
particles buzz about in complicated ways
it seems as though physical objects
we're not being observed have no colors
and those sounds smell smells or taste
either sounds like colors are not
physical events eat are smells tastes
and spoor sensations things do not smell
like case like her feel like
when nobody's smelling tasting or
filling them the physical world it seems
is totally vacuous no color sound smells
tastes or sensations what on earth is
left this idea can also be explained by
a David Humes bundle theory which I can
library more on later interestingly
enough two neuroscientists also recently
argued the space and rate of time the
experience are also emerging features of
the mind again correlating with an
idealistic worldview that's our first
conclusion as mind is not reduced a
little matter premise three substant
deulim is unnecessary I would argue from
Spinoza's interaction problem but I
pretty sure Stephen agrees with me on
this premise we can move on
thus conclusion all his mind if all is
mine this correlates with pre the two
previous arguments that there is a
governing line that brings us contingent
minds into existence to experience in
operating reality I could present
several other arguments for God's
existence on top of these so Stephen
thinks God probably doesn't exist he has
to tear down these arguments not for a
more probable explanation not just
another possible explanation but
something more probable in parsimonious
when it comes to the origin of the
universe and it's emergent features the
existence of consciousness and basic
philosophy one can easily see a theistic
hypothesis can explain all this data
with one with one theory there is a mind
behind the universe that we call God
what I've seen in the past from a theist
and Stephen leicht himself is they
essentially showed a bunch of
possibilities the town of these aren't
matrices which really is not an argument
that a non-theistic explanation is more
probable but if he does this tonight
that would also make the non theistic
worldview less personal means because I
suspect people have a different
explanation for consciousness or
emergent space-time etc whereas I can
explain all these anomalies just one
argument a theistic worldview so that
makes my are gonna have to say more
parsimonious last and finally many
atheists reply by just appealing to
logical positive scientific and saying
there's no empirical or physical
observations of gods we cannot posit God
but this is a self-defeating position
because it's a philosophical
presupposition there's no testable or
empirical evidence prove it so it's
self-defeating
so in conclusion given the data the best
inference is there is a mind behind the
universe we call God theism is more
parsimonious
more plausible more probable given the
evidence I went over and I'll conclude
there thank you very much Michael we
will switch back over to the
dialog boxes and with that this is again
up to the debaters in terms of how much
or how little they want to use he has a
full 12 minutes available to him so what
is we am after that 12 minute thing is
the next phase the the back-and-forth or
whatever well it's up to if you guys
would like to change it I'm open to it
cuz Mike said he's kind of flexible on
it where it could either be eight-minute
rebuttals or if you guys want to just
kind of dissolve that time into the open
discussion we could do that - no I'd
rather just open discuss and run down
these syllogisms I guess one at a time
would be interesting yeah sure
you got it okay can we go back to the
let's go back to the digital the digital
physics argument can you bring that one
up you you know yeah you put the slide
up here do you want the syllogism sure
all right let me find that here all
right let me share my screen again okay
oh there you go okay let's run that's
around these premises done one at a much
one at a time so simulations can only
exist in a computer or in a mind why
does this have to be true
okay can you offer another possibility
that you know because if it's a false
dichotomy you need to offer another one
that where a simulation could exist a
simulation could arise naturally in
nature how so I'd give any examples of
something arise naturally nature into
simulation um a parrot mimics speech of
humans is a type of simulation or that
seems to be just broadening the
definition of simulation I'm talking in
terms of like hologram for principle
ideas the idea that information
ontological information of reality is
you know sort of projected out like it's
still emerging from underlying
information I mean a parrot mimicking is
more just a mimic if you want to broaden
simulation sure but that's not how I'm
defined sure what can you tell me
exactly what you mean when you say
simulation them sorry I said no more
time so the simulation would be kind of
like what I was building on when I
talked to the hologram principal so it's
basically this idea that there is a
reality Mergent from underlying
information so think of a hologram when
you see a hologram there's not really a
three-dimensional object there it's
really just some sort of information
processing causing lights to make it
appear as though there's an object there
so it's basically this basically in a
nutshell it's a three-dimensional
reality emergent from underlying
information so it's not the physical
matter itself it's there it's
information that the appearance of
physical matter appears to be there
what's the difference between a
simulation and an illusion well
languages if I say something like a
rainbow does a rainbow count as a
simulation or no no no that would be
illusion seems like me a broader
definition I think that's would probably
also cover the parrot thing because you
know the parrot is making the illusion
that a person is talking but illusion
just seems like a lot bring a broader
like you know appearance of something
that could be there I mean if you want
to get the actual definition okay that's
fine all right
okay I guess under those definitions and
I can probably accept simulations can
only exist at a computer in a mind I
guess from premise two so why do we why
would we say the universe is a
simulation because it's an important
thing from underlying physical
properties there yeah well this is the
this you know Sean Carroll starts you
know space is obviously not fundamental
so the what we basically experience
space-time matter seems to not be
fundamentally there when they weren't
observers or it's just not funnel you
there you know itself they are basically
the result of information processing
underneath so that would basically imply
the universe either is a simulation or
basically acts very much like a
simulation would you say that in this
case would like consciousness be a
simulation as well then only if material
is a mystery because consciousness I
guess you could say is depending on the
physical is formed within philosophy of
mine cake you could say consciousness is
like an emergent property of the brain
now I don't obviously take that you but
would you say that like any physical
object becomes an emergent thing then so
for instance like I could argue that
like Forks don't exist in the universe a
fork is like an emergent thing that
comes from underlying physical things
like you could never discover like a
fork like physically in the universe it
would only be the well an emergency way
I would word it a little differently
than what you basically said uh-huh so I
would say the fork is really there and I
would use the analogy I use this all the
time it's analogy of a video game you
find a fork in a video game it's
obviously a real fork in that game it
holds to the rules of that game but it's
not really made of like a concrete
matter per se it's just information
problem make sure you press it in to
give you the appearance of a fork so I
would say what you find a fork in this
reality it's basically that it's
emergent from consciousness it's emerged
from the underlying information
processing yeah I guess my problem what
I don't understand is it seems like we
have this heck huge
between emergent must be simulated but
that seems strange to me because it
feels like we have a whole bunch of
Universal categories that we recognize
or even particular categories are
particularly things we recognize that
are kind of like emergent from
underlying physical things that don't
exist in and of themselves so for
instance like the categories of male or
female
these are like emergent things that we
would say they kind of exist but they
really don't you can find them anywhere
right like so that seems to be like an
epistemic category more than anything
not something onto logically something
that's being Mergent when you so when
you say that when you say that the
universe is ontologically emergent how
is the universe being an emergent
property of like underlying quantum
spooky stuff how is that emergent in a
different way than like a human is an
emergent property of the underlying
physical characteristics what what do
you mean underlying physical
characteristics so or like the
underlying so like so like if you would
say like a human like the existence of
the human like because we agree that
space-time and everything is an emergent
property of the space and emergent
property so what would you also get that
like a human is like an emergent thing
from like underlying physical things the
human itself doesn't exist but it's
rather like an emergent property of
underlying physical things or no why
would I would say every physical aspect
of is the brain our bodies are emergent
but I would not say our consciousness is
emerging from the brain I think
consciousness is fundamental so I would
say you the self-aware agent is not
emergent per se from the same way the
physical is but you interact in the
physical reality you have a physical
avatar so to speak ok so then okay I'm
sorry this I have to wrap my head around
this idea this is beyond me so I'm gonna
wait I'm trying to understand what is
the difference between so you say that
the universe is emergent in that like
space is not fundamental right it
emerges out of like quantum stuff
essentially right that's correct yes
space-time specifically and because it's
an emergent thing it therefore must be a
simulation or type of simulation why use
simulation in this argument colloquially
so I'm using it because that's basically
what we think of when we think of
something that is emergent like a
simulation type thing but I mean I could
simply just reword the argument to say
that you know like um well I can punch
out yeah I'm uncomfortable simulation
because simulation kind of implies
purpose which which
kind of helps premise one right like
when you say something is simulated like
it almost seems like there's like a
purpose or intentionality behind it I
guess it doesn't necessarily have to be
well I would define simulation kind of
like basically what the holographic
principle says just something that is
emergent merge informs underlying
information processing I don't think
that necessarily implies purpose in and
of itself
I'd have to argue that from other areas
of course gotcha okay and then why is it
that um and then can you expend more
time so I the guy who says so why is it
that like a human isn't emergent from
underlying physical properties like
carbon atoms and bonds and all of that
stuff why is a human not emergent in
that way well I I do think our bodies
are I wouldn't say consciousnesses and
this goes back to the organize going in
the constant conscious argument it's
basically that there is no evidence that
consciousness could emerge and there's a
lot of good evidence to indicate
consciousness is fundamental when you
say fundamental like more so than the
physical properties of the brain or yeah
I would say consciousness is more
fundamental than the physical properties
of the brain okay that's a separate
thing so I'll just I'll write that down
yeah and this goes back to was talking
about in the third argument but yeah
yeah okay all right can you go back up
to that power point I'm single you
promised yeah yeah no worries yeah sorry
I'd want to look at something else oh
one thing there you go
a simulation on a computer still must be
simulated in a mind look at your art
your premise to support this was the
idea that reality is like contingent on
on Minds existing well there's two
reasons I would argue this for one I
think it would create an infinite
regress because if we're simulated on a
computer that computer obviously implies
physical particles that put together
with the computer which would also have
the same most likely have the same
underlying features of the same reality
we have so it have to be simulated on
the computer and then so and so and so
on ultimately though from other other
pieces I gave like correlations and
quantum cognition as well as the work in
the correlation between neural networks
and galaxies that is more likely that
we're simulated via a mine and then also
it ends the chain it's like first cause
right and so why do we what are the
similarities between neural networks and
galaxies how does that work what do you
mean by that
okay so for example they talk about you
know in information processing the the
ratio of information processing in there
and their studies they show it's
basically about the same theory shio
same wind power spectrum analysis total
neuron to observable galaxy
and what they're basically arguing is
they're basically like the way a neural
network works in the brain is kind of
very similar to how the cosmic web of
all the galaxies seem to operate and so
this is why when you say Sarah like
similar how there's just a lot of
information or because I'm not aware of
like galaxies processing information on
the way the neural networks do I know
that there might be like a lot of stuff
moving around but I don't understand
like what problems do they solve or what
yeah we can't they don't show that the
galaxy really is in a like a giant brain
per se but they're looking at just
specific features of like a processing
power power analysis I mean so there is
information in terms of like the physics
that goes on through there you know so
like you know there that kind of
information is also referring to you it
comes to the cosmic level galaxies
they're not talking about mental
properties here like you and I are can
you know have to the act of knowing
they're not claiming that galaxies have
the act of knowing so there's a little
difference and there was sure what they
were for an information processing I
guess it's like this this this seems
like a pointless or an arbitrary like
comparison I'm like it feels like I
could make a similar argument that like
any sort of like interaction between two
things broken down enough could could
resemble that of a neural networks like
an ant colony if I break down all the
different neural links inside their
brains and everything well these
represent a neural network like what is
the significance of saying like a galaxy
can represent a neural network just
because a lot of I guess physics takes
place or information is happening if
it's not well okay they're talking about
the information taking place now they've
actually have been people who've said
that yes it's actually do kind of work
like a brain as well uh-huh and how they
operate so what they're doing is they're
not saying this proves a galaxy as a
giant brain I'm not saying that either
what I'm saying though is that if you're
gonna have something emerge from mind
it's going to resent resemble that a
brain like on the idealistic view
because an idealist says basically that
the brain emerges from the mind and I'd
have to expel a little more detail I
understand that without getting that
from now going back to the ant colony I
think that only helps my case because
technically an ant colleague doesn't
merge from brain power I mean ants have
brain power and they're working they're
creating this network so there'd be the
same kind of thing is that you know they
sort of create this interesting cause
this interesting web of working together
like you know brain kind of does as well
so the same thing we would see with the
what they're arguing is the same kind of
information processing power spectrum
analysis also works when you go to the
cosmic web
galaxies okay so what is the purpose of
saying that like the the galaxy or the
universe whatever resembles like a
neural network then if it's not
purposeful is it just to say that
there's so much information available
that it must be emergent from a mind
because there's so much information
available or what is the purpose of that
no I'm not saying there's so much
information therefore it has to be in
mind I'm saying that there are
correlations and resemblance so the way
that our brains and our minds sort of
work together sort of resembles very
much what we see in the cosmic web of
galaxies we're not saying that well we
can't explain all this information
processing therefore that has to be mine
what we're saying is that if if the
universe was emerged from a mind we
would expect these type of correlations
to show up like total neuron filterable
galaxies the same power spectrum
analysis that type of stuff in real
cases because I don't know can you
explain what is power spectrum analysis
what does that mean let me get up the
exact definition from there paper cuz I
don't want to misrepresent them if you
wanted to give me a second sure but one
thing I do want to note is again this is
secondary was I said in my in my opening
thing the main thing I was looking for
was the correlation with quantum
function which is because I think that's
a far more stronger argument and I
wouldn't use this if the correlation to
quantum cognition this is just sort of
secondary okay so let me pull this up
really quick and then I will get you the
exact quote from this article they wrote
and then they also in this a oXXO also
cite different papers about other people
who have sort of made this a so what
they say as researchers regularly use a
technique called power structure
analysis to study large-scale
distribution galaxies the power spectrum
of an image measures the strength of
structural fluctuations belonging to a
specific spatial scale in other words it
tells us how many high frequency and low
frequency notes make the material
spatial melody of each image okay so it
looks like it basically has to do with
how information is I guess like
clustered around certain nodes kind of
and then it's believed like what they're
getting in yeah okay so okay I guess I
just I don't see I feel like I I don't
know because I don't have like this
level looks anyone else but I feel like
I could probably find like a lot of
other things in nature that kind of
resembled these structures basically
this has to do with how information is
clustered in a galaxy on a brane these
two things happen to look pretty
but I just don't know if that says
anything profound oh I would I would use
that type of arguments as well because
again like for example at the ecole he
that emerges from you know living
creatures that all obviously have brains
so I don't I don't think that I mean I
guess if they find something purely
natural like what rocks or something
that was doing that it might throw some
dents in it I guess you could say but
ultimately though the idealist you know
is gonna argue the universe is emergent
and consciousness anyway but again as I
said this article they wrote is
secondary my main argument was what I
gave prior with the principal the
correlation is quantum cognition I could
throw this out and I could still make
the argument is what I'm trying to say
gotcha all right and then what's the
what's the next premise okay no the next
premise so simulation like computer must
also be simulated - I was arguing
therefore the universe is a simulation
in a mind trying to fire this mind is
what we call God and I want to make sure
I clarify this for your audience I don't
I always say this just God is just a
title for what I'm arguing for you know
we there's a mind behind the universe we
call it go there's a mind behind more
realism we called doc these are the
arguments I always get and so but I mean
it fits the same description if you've
read someone like Thomas Aquinas or
seeing Dustin mm-hmm so what so God here
could literally be like the matrix or
some other type of brain in of that
simulation right if you want to say a
giant brain sure I mean it probably
still fit the argument just say it's
unnecessary because let me just go with
a mind yeah sure okay so so okay so let
me let me try to summarize all this in a
simple way and then you can tell me this
is missing the point or you're gonna do
a summer yourself so it sounds like
we've identified that the universe
itself or what we perceive to be the
universe is not fundamental that it is
rather an emergent thing from underlying
properties right oh yeah properties
information yeah so it sounds like in
order for things to be emergent or
simulated we would say that necessarily
has to occur with a mind ultimately I
think the philosophy does go back to
that yeah okay now obviously that can't
be scientifically proven but it is a
philosophical inference sure and then
both of these two things together seems
to necessitate the existence of some
type of mind
that we can call God for this purpose
right yes okay um [ __ ] I don't think I
have like the the physics knowledge to
like challenge these I guess so on a
philosophical level like the two
questions I would ask are why did the
physicists that study this why don't
they reach the same conclusions that you
have related to theism sure that's a
great question and I don't expect you to
do you know I I don't I didn't really
want this to be a total gotcha
I really just wanted a conversation
about this and see if you can poke some
holes in it uh-huh
so you know even if you you know would
come back like six months later we talk
about it again maybe something new that
kind of stuff but that's a great
question now first I there are
physicists as I said here's a slide that
do argue this a lot on people at kenri
staff Paul Davies became ideas because
of information like this as well as well
as other stuff like within fine-tuning
so there are physicists now why don't
every physicist do this I think it has
to do with a lot of philosophy science
so like when Einstein first came out
with a lot of his theories he were um
wait hello Mike
let's see oh I got him I gotta go see
like well my back Hey okay let me stop
sharing maybe that's somehow thing so
yeah when Einstein first came up with
the equations you know he you know he
rejected the philosophical implications
and they took people like Alexander
Friedmann and George Lemaitre so really
you know hone in and say this is what
this is what this means same with a lot
of stuff that goes on in like so I
remember Stephen Barra cited a survey
done in the 1950s at two-thirds of
scientists cosmologists pacifically
still rejected the Big Bang even after
Edwin Hubble made his discoveries and so
you know I mean
there's a great book called for and
against method by Emory lack of toast
and Paul Feyerabend their two
philosophers of science and one of the
things they know it is in philosophy of
science it's really not as we think it
is like so it makes new discovery
everyone changes their mind because
sometimes discoveries correlate with
numerous theories so they know didn't
really in philosophy of science there
are degenerative research programs and
progressive research programs and
overtime degenerative research programs
go away so for example we'll take
evolutionary biology right now the
modern system you are one is a sort of
kind of a tenor degenerate program what
it's up being it's not anything wrong
it's just incomplete so a lot of
biologists are now offering extended
evolutionary synthesis and their
progressive research programs they're
taking the Oh Darwinism and they're
adding to it saying there's other
mechanisms in evolution you can look at
like you know natural genetic
engineering evo-devo research stress
induced mutations these types of things
so when a physicists you know comes and
says you know I don't agree the same
conclusions well it's because there was
different research programs at work and
ultimately though you know we have to
look at the evidence and try to find
which research program is actually the
best and the most effective and sort of
explaining the data that's all I'm doing
here I'm saying this is the most
parsimonious most plausible and most
probable is it is there ever a worry
that we're playing like a very advanced
version of like none of the gaps that at
some point we do discover like a
fundamental like nature of the universe
that would maybe like string theory is
real and we kind of like can
fundamentally understand that the
universe isn't like emergent in an
unknown way but every part of the every
part of space-time or whatever it can be
traced back to you know particular
vibrating strings or something would
that threaten this theory at all no
because I see on I've seen a lot of
people argue via string theory that this
could also imply a mind as well so
nikkyo Kaku is consider that as well
this could this is one of you would be a
problem for theism if that information
happens I'm willing to change I hope I
would I mean obviously I watched your
talkin Sean Carroll today I thought was
phenomenal and you know you talk about
you know like we we're not surely
logical creatures like we pretend to be
you know of course but you know it's
kind of hard so I would hope that I
would be able to look at the data and
change my view so I'm certainly changing
my views on some things in anthropology
right now I have changed my views on
some things with regards to biblical
studies as well I was not an idealist so
I started my channel so I'd be willing
hopefully willing to update my views as
that happens but as of now I think this
is the evidence is where it's pointing
to and unless there's do you notice it
comes along or a better explanation
yeah I don't see any reason to not hold
to the theory just like we would hold
any scientific theory today gotcha
I'm kind of curious earlier you
mentioned about the brain emerging or
I'm sorry the mind no the brain emerges
from the mind what do you mean by that
can you explain that sure so I'm an
idealist so let me just kind of explain
it a little bit so a materialist would
say that there's just matter
substance dualist says there's mind and
matter and there's interaction an
idealist says there's mind
and matter is emergent from mind so
that's kind of how would I take because
I'm an idealist I say that you know that
um what we see them the material world
is sort of an emergent from mine in that
speak so it's Donald Hoffman a cognitive
scientists argues that basically the
brain is a dumbed down user interface
symbol of a person operating a physical
reality this is a manifestation of the
software agent it's just a physical
manifestation in that sense mm-hmm what
um so in terms of the way that you
define God here so so I'm curious this
isn't really related to this do you have
a particular brand of theism or no like
are you like someone McRaven I am a
Christian yeah but I'm just seeing I'm a
CMIA Mathias evolutionists I'm also a
personal preterist if anyone knows what
that means so I am a Christian - yes yes
using this particular argument for the
existence of a God and then let's say
that we don't go down any particular
theists route are there do are there any
implications whatsoever to these ideas
or well sure I think is it provides
illumination or a lot of things I think
it how do i word this like it's like
maybe like what is like one thing that
what's one thing that we might view
differently as a result of having this
type of underlying belief that the
universe is emergent from a mind or
something well I think it would it would
it could imply now I don't say this
could prove but it could imply that we
have a little bit more of a special
place maybe that's not the wrong
terminology but more of it a unique
position and life has a more unique
position in that consciousness is not
just the result of just you know had a
happy accident the brain that we really
are software agents it might have
implications for free will where I just
posted a blog post written by a
contributor to my ministry on free will
defending it so I think it might imply
free will and might apply consciousness
from play relations I would argue from
other arguments based on similar data it
could imply life after death that type
of stuff so there could be other
implications but I need to present more
data obviously gotcha yes because I
guess like because I don't think I mean
obviously you agree this I don't know if
it's possible to reject the existence of
a quote-unquote God get given these set
of premises I don't think so or at least
I don't have the ability to
but I'm curious if because right now in
your argument we've established assuming
everything's true thus far we've
established at the universe is likely to
be some sort of simulation but that
doesn't get us into any sort of like God
area yet like an in a traditional sense
so for instance let's say I want to
believe that life has a purpose or that
you know we have free will or something
like it seems like we're pretty far from
that or or we haven't made any progress
towards that in establishing the
argument have so far you think you can
get to things like I'm curious oh you
think you can get to things like free
will from this argument argument
specifically for God's existence I would
need to present more data I have a
series called case for the soul that I'm
gonna probably update soon because I'm
there's a lot more data I want to add
okay that was just posted on my blog an
article defending free will and
arguments presented to defend free will
on there
so I would argue be is starting
basically from the idea that we are
conscious software agents at our your
reducible from that and then I would
argue for free well building on that
gotcha okay I mean I I guess I mean I
can't I don't think I could refute this
argument or at least not now if if we
define God as meaning if we understand
that our definition of God here includes
anything from a theistic Christian
loving God to where a brain-in-a-vat
that's the universe is being stimulated
for this argument can equally prove so
far either of those two things I don't
think I would reject either of those
possibilities yeah I think you agree
yeah I'm only arguing for just basic
theism as I said in the beginning cuz
I'm a classic apologist and a classical
apologist is not a presupposition
apologize for yeah but a classical
apologist we argue first for a just God
general just God and then if we can
establish deism then we argue
specifically for Christianity building
on the things like resurrection
arguments New Testament reliability Old
Testament archeology Old Testament
liability which I'm currently working on
right now but so yeah I would just say
these arguments obviously just show
generally a theistic worldview gotcha
okay it's why if you don't have anything
else to say I'm not I don't I don't want
this to be a gaucho I just want to show
the information maybe think about it
maybe we could have another conversation
someday about it
if no I don't I iris I respect that
instead of just like the last guy I
debated on this just yelling you're
wrong you're wrong you're wrong
yeah I think so like the the this is
it's more philosophy than science at
this point for me to try to refute you
think that thing I think the thing I
have the biggest problem with is the
idea that emergent properly like the
emergent property is like necessarily
simulated but I don't have to formalize
this it would take me a while I think
simulation and the arguments just a
title I mean I'm more focusing on the
emergent idea and I'll just use
simulation because I think that kind of
captures with people I think of I mean
it all be is using the traditional
simulation like you you and I are gonna
make if you were to make a computer game
sure I think because based what you've
said so far I don't think it or doesn't
seem like you function in bad faith
that's the impression that I have the
all I do have a little bit of an issue
using words like simulation or god this
is like very maybe pedantic but they do
seem to imply some sort of intent which
kind of like weights it towards like a
christian argument later if that's what
you decide to go I don't think that I
would necessarily disagree with any of
the arguments I've got so far but I
would be uncomfortable using the term
simulation or God because there's like a
heavy intentionality behind those things
yeah but that's fine mm-hm but yeah
otherwise yeah I'm not sure okay yeah
okay well where do we go from here
QA maybe we can definitely do Q&A so
with that thank you very much everybody
for your questions I forgot to mention
at the start sorry super as you know I'm
excited if you have a question you can
fire it into the live chat also if you
have a super chat gives you a chance to
make a comment toward one of the
speakers that they would get the chance
to respond to and it'll also put your
question at the top of the list during
the Q&A so with that thank you very much
for your questions and I told you these
guys are just authentic I really
appreciate you guys a lot so as I
mentioned before both of them are linked
in the description and with that steven
stein Akash Steven Singh's our local
benevolent troll thanks for your super
chatty says I leave my wife just for a
hug from James thanks Stephen Stephen
Stephen
he wins atheists have to destroy their
fedoras that's very sweet Stephen
Waikiki thanks for your super shot he
says Waikiki nine says hey IP why do you
think the physicists that you cite are
an unable to dry no this is a little bit
if you want to add to it Mike you could
I know that destiny brought this up at
least if this question is going where I
think it is if you if you want to say
well I already kind of covered it you
can why do you think the physicists that
you cite are unable to draw out all of
the conclusions from their research that
you are able to draw I don't know I
can't psychoanalyze everyone can't get
to other thoughts what I mean money is I
think a really good answer that he gave
earlier to that is that a lot it's oh
man I mean a big generalization here but
a lot of like hard science people don't
really care much about philosophy that
seems to be the case so it's entirely
possible that something under the
investigations of physics lead you to
some profound philosophical idea that
you just don't know about or understand
or care about because you're a physicist
so yeah it's entirely possible to
somebody doing investigations into
physics might uncover things that could
inform philosophy but either wouldn't
know about it or wouldn't care about it
because that's not their area of
research right and if you actually look
at a lot of the research in quantum
mechanics though the book called the
quantum enigma written by two physicists
they note that when a lot of the
evidence came out a lot of physics just
sort of ignored the philosophy if it
didn't talk about like many-worlds
interpretation which is orthodontic
services bohmian they just like the
Copenhagen because it was pragmatic it
was useful it worked let's move on I
don't really care what that means gotcha
all right thanks so much
and Steven Steen Huff troll says
atheists pronounce gif with a hard G so
we appreciate that is that what is the
right way to say it I feel like I don't
know how to say it it is because a hard
G would be is that that's like jiff the
peanut butter right okay name I don't I
don't know it's stupid Steven okay so
one question for Steven I can't
pronounce your name forgive me it it's
in another language but we appreciate
your super chat they asked do you
suspend judgment ah do you suspend
judgment on God's existence or believed
that no gods exists
if either what are your reasons for
either Steven if you can you say that
one more time you bet they said do you
suspend judgment on God's existence or
believe that no gods namely the
proposition that no gods exist if either
and I think he's saying whatever the
case what are your reasons for taking
that position oh my so I'm a materialist
so my position on God creatures or
whatever it's always been if they do
exist we can have information about them
that that information being inaccessible
for humans it has been my position so
gotcha thanks very much
Sintra fredo Sarabia thanks so much for
your question glad to see ya
IP where is mined between ages sometimes
these are a little bit challenging
let's see it sit afraid oh is a deep
thinking person they say where is mined
between ages one to three years of no
recollection or after a brain injury
if the answer is waiting for the brain
to mature or that damage caused the
person to quote not be the same unquote
wouldn't matter produce mind okay that's
a great question so what I'm a thing I
would make a distinction here is between
mind and soul now for the eye it's
always a word that justifying in many
different ways but for the purposes of
this conversation we get to find a soul
a little differently than a mine so the
mind is a self-aware agent you know
conscious being the soul you could say
is your personality your thoughts your
dreams your hopes your goals that
evolves and changes over time I mean
your personality will be different
tomorrow because new information was
that into your memory so souls do of all
the time this is why some theologians
talk about this as being a soul building
theodicy that we were put here to build
souls so that's in theology that's how
soul tends to be defined I have in the
past to find that his mind as well but
you know it's it's one of those you know
terms that gets thrown around a lot so I
would say that what's not evolving is
the conscious agent that's always been
there what's evolving is the personality
or their soul so to speak as they sort
of age and so and the other thing about
memory is just remember things you know
that doesn't mean you weren't conscious
at a time I don't remember what I had
for breakfast yesterday I don't remember
everything I dreamt last night but we do
have actually study as a show that
consciousness is still
present in some of these patients even
when they're under anesthesia and I can
always link those if people ask me for
them so we need to distinguish between
maybe the conscious agent the self-aware
agent in the information contingent on
the agents of the soul so I would say
the so obviously evolves and changes at
the time the mind is not the mind is
this conscious self-aware agent gotcha
thanks very much and next up Connell
Kronk good to see ya she's got a
question for IP she's a she says what do
you think of recent studies trying to
prove consciousness is from the brain
well there hasn't been a really good
data when I was looking at some of us a
lot of the merchants of correlations the
problem is is you know even as someone
it could be wrong on that but there's
just no area of the brain it really does
this so he's trying to argue for like
some sort of like global sort of thing
on the brain that sort of somehow makes
consciousness it's very hard for them to
try to do these types of things what
they're kind of finding is correlation
and even when they do you know shut down
parts of the brain there have been other
studies that have come and said well no
distill consciousness present here and
it's the other way and I would also bet
on you know pay like you know David
Hoffman for example Donnell Hoffman
sorry or you know talked about what
we're basically seeing here is
correlations you know this is the conch
the brain is like the user-interface
symbol for the conscious agent in
reality so of course if you do something
to the brain you're going to affect how
the conscious agent is acting or working
in the brain or acting working in
physical reality because that's the
window into it so I would build on other
you know think yours like that as well
researchers got you thank you very much
and Nathan Ormond let's see Oh forgive
me I'm jumping ahead I want to get this
one first because it came in first our
Father in the green thanks for your
super chat they said ethics would be a
good way to with destiny saw Adam
friended and destiny stream on morality
recently really enjoyed it not sure
what's that - it was good oh yeah I I
would I was considering using the moral
argument tonight but your destiny
doesn't I'm sorry Steven doesn't believe
in on objective morality or moral
realism so I'd have to argue for that
first and then the moral argument and I
guess was like no save time I'll just do
some other arguments gotcha excellent
and next up King
yes scene if I'm pronouncing it right
let me know if I'm not they asked for IP
if AI advances to the point of
consciousness in parentheses which i
think is possible thanks to neural
networks where virtual agents learn new
things by themselves would that disprove
the existence of God well I mean it'd be
kind of hard to shout it again but if
you could it wouldn't disprove the
existence of God because I can still use
digital physics argument or the
introspective argument it would have
make challenges for the cosmic conscious
argument because you would show that you
could create consciousness through
creating an AI type thing they also need
to remember though there's a an argument
given by John Cyr called the Chinese
room argument or Chinese box circuit are
you gonna forget what official title is
but I talked about it in my second video
in the case for the Soul series refuting
physicalist objections and if you want
me to explain how I can't save time I
can move on gosh we can come back to it
if they have a follow-up question but I
can see it's in the video already so you
can see that I am jumping through to
some of these questions just to try to
get like an alternating kind of Q&A
where we'll give some questions to
Stephen as well
Stephen question from Eric vir thaller
thanks for your question Eric he says
what what would convince Stephen that
God is real I mean my general problems
is it like III would really like to see
something happen in reality that is
unexplained by the current scientific
observations we have now that would
require some either supernatural
explanation or I don't know if I'd say
metaphysically like some sort of like
extra physical explanation in order to
get there I'm generally like not as
excited about like fundamental nature of
existence arguments that go way way way
back to like in order for us to even
perceive anything a God must exist
mainly because I find these arguments to
be either I don't to say unverifiable
but like the the claims they make are
either so broad like well we could be
brand in a vat or it could be the
Christian God or they're uninteresting
and they have no implication into the
real world so for instance like I could
I could just easily believe all of these
claims and it doesn't change anything
about any of my beliefs or views of
literally anything so yeah I mean like
that that's so
the original question was what would it
take to convince me of a God like being
able to like show some scientific result
over and over again that's like this is
unexplainable using you know materialist
understandings you need a god to explain
those so you need some sort of
supernaturally to explain I think that
that would like really start to push me
in that direction I think gosh yeah
thanks very much next up if anybody has
said I missed your question forgive me
I'm working on it I think of we're
moving down the list well and question
for IP Nathan Ormond thanks for your
question he said IP do you argue from
perception for idealism it's part of so
perceptions for example what we perceive
I would argue that that can be reduced
to information processing so take David
Humes bundle theory
so David Hume says if you look at a
physical object you can describe it all
by its properties you take an apple it's
color green it's got the shape of an
apple it's this little heart all that is
described being properties if you take
all the properties away to have a
physical object there he says no you
can't even think of such a thing so
basically I would I take that one step
further and I would say that all the
physical things we do see physical can
be described the information keep we can
describe alls properties it's basically
mental experiences like qualia taste
smell sounds so it's likely that that's
all it is why would we posit another
substance beyond mine when it can all be
explained the idealism gotcha thanks for
getting much I did miss a couple of
super chat sorry about that friends our
Father in the green he asked a question
earlier his the question that I
mentioned earlier was actually his kind
of Part B to this original question he
said he said his original question was
more focused on would both destiny and
IP or Mike Jones ever have a stream with
the English philosopher Gary Edwards
especially with destiny on quote
scientism I won't because he tried to do
a video response when Simon was
incredibly rude dishonest and there's no
I don't wanna have a conversation with
anyone like that I look at these as like
a courtesy I deal with people I respect
I respect Stephen as I would love to
have conversations with him but I don't
have
with people to get rude and insulting
gotcha Steven are you familiar with
let's see I think that was the one in
which they were saying that Steven
ethics with that gentleman would be good
to with you destiny if if you happen to
know of the gentleman this is related to
scientism yeah I'm to be honest I'm kind
of piecing it together myself it says uh
would would destiny have a stream with
the English philosopher Gary Edwards and
they're asking yes about especially with
destiny on scientism or ethics he's an
actual philosopher guy that does
scientism I'm not sure Mike but I think
I mean I've looked at scientist never
seems like a like that seems like the
big meme where you say like I don't know
scientist is really stupid to me
but maybe someday I'll talk to about it
I don't know I basically like you know
like I've studied physics so [ __ ]
hard I realize all the philosophies
pointless and I can see everything and
like my telescope is right like I don't
know that I'm being like very very rude
in my characterization of it but
scientism seems like really dump to me
scientism always seems to me like an
idea where scientists were too lazy to
do any philosophical homework so they
thought they just assumed all the
philosophy through like observational
data or whatever which seems like absurd
to me because philosophy kind of has to
come before science but for more on that
see Stephens conversation with Sean
Carroll oh sure sure wait Sean Carroll
isn't a scientist he's not like a
scientism guy right no no yes great yeah
gotcha
thank you very much James oh thanks to
your super chat says and the brains
gotta poop Thanks duly noted
candor man thanks for your super chat
says both for both Stephen and IP do
minds think and can thinking occur
without time for the first one yes and
for the second one depends on what you
mean by thinking you mean processing
information no I mean because you know
that would quite imply time and thoughts
coming for one than the other
gotcha my suppose I don't know if this
is cuz a little beyond me I don't know
if I believe it in time necessarily like
things happen
things just happen but in terms of like
how we are specific demarcations this is
a second this is a minute I don't know
if time exists actually in that fashion
or if humans have just like developed a
system that we kind of impose on the
world in order to keep track of events
so I mean like if you say like do we
need time like do we need events to
happen one after another to process
information I mean I would say yes
necessarily but I don't know that means
that I believe like in the concept of
time like I don't think there's like a
specific demarcation of time like humans
have imposed on the universe gotcha next
up Apollo D Jetix apologetics thanks for
your super chat they asked what do
either of you think of the modal
ontological argument I use it I think
it's valuable
I just people need to recognize the
limitations of it it should show that
existence of a maximally great being
would be logical but doesn't prove one
exists in the real world you show they
well basically they use basically are
you given every logical concept of
reality one would have to contain a
maximum great being so it's logical to
view their actual world that way as well
gotcha denis vr thanks for your oh well
we'll come to that we'll come back to
the other one IP do you want God to be
real I think they're asking like if it's
up exactly what it says motivated
reasoning right reasoning I'm sure
there's parts of me that wants God to be
realist art to me that doesn't I some
days wake up and go god I just kind of
wish I could be an atheist and deal with
this and I could just go well you know
play the stock market and not worry
about this stuff and sometimes I'm glad
got it right God exists it depends
people are complicated you just can't
summon all everything down to just one
motivation are their motivations of
playing everybody yeah I obviously have
them I'm not gonna sit and pretend I'm
completely unbiased but you know it
depends on the person
I just remind myself at Jeremiah 17:9
the heart is wicked it's a sea full of
all things who can understand it
God sure King let's see you've got that
one epic Christ thanks for your question
they asked IP aren't you transcend a
transcendental idealist and I don't ever
find myself I call myself a dual aspect
the idealist I don't know what they mean
by trained what that actually means
because I've never used that term to
describe myself you betcha
and then I'm gonna try to read try to
find if we have enough questions so
where we can go back with both Stephen
and IP we'll keep going with the Q&A
otherwise I'm kind of coming up short
and I don't want to only have questions
for IP so we let's see what do both
speakers true gamer 69 thanks for your
question they asked what do both
speakers think about the Athey about a
theistic moral realism I mean there are
some ways to have more realism as an
atheist I don't know I mean like there's
a lot of different like moral realist
ideas that don't require God
that's pretty broad sorry guys well I
think some more realism is meta ethics
when you you make a moral argument you
enter into moral ontology two different
areas so you can be a moral realist
amine atheist or theist it depends on
how you ground morality I guess you
could say how are you grounding moral
facts um I I love when I meet another a
theist is immoral realist cuz then we
gonna have a least Creon something
people people like to find out what you
agree stuff um so I don't know I liked
them I did a collaboration video with a
atheistic moral realists on critiquing
aro theory one time gotcha maybe just a
few more we have a question for destiny
from I'm gay as heck well thanks for
your question they asked there are
plenty of mysteries that currently
cannot be explained by science such as
what dark energy is wouldn't that mean
you have to believe in God according to
you there's a difference between saying
we don't have an explanation for
something versus in order to explain
something it requires or necessitates
like some supernatural entity just
because you don't understand how
something works doesn't necessarily mean
that you know it has to be a greater
power to do it like there have been
plenty of things in the past history of
humanity that we don't know how they
work and then we've discovered how they
work and how doesn't required like a
supernatural power to explain them and I
would expect that trying to continue
although maybe it won't but gosh sure
sutra frado's Sarabia thanks for your
super chat just flew in this is
interesting both obligated to stop
suffering I think they're saying like if
you both believe that we are obligated
to stop suffer
why not be vegans no I mean you have to
show so actually I would refer people
surprisingly to a video when someone
named vegan gains call into the Atheist
experience and talk to Matt Dillahunty
about this and I thought Matt Dillon
taking some pretty good answers to that
we're not morally it doesn't I don't
think we're morally obligated to stop
eating campus I don't think we've an
obligation to be vegans
and I think mr. president you found
myself agreeing with Matt Matt well back
and forth they had I thought you came
some pretty good answers to their got
show and then Stephen you've crossed if
I remember I have seen a debate where
you've crossed swords with vegan gains
before yeah I don't believe we have like
an obligation to reduce all suffering
that's not like something that I believe
in you betcha next and we will probably
have this be the last one just because
we are got a lot for IP don't get me
wrong folks you can find both of the
speakers in the description if you want
to shoot him an email or a tweet but a
last one from Nathan Ormond thanks this
is for both Nathan asks who was Jesus of
Nazareth a guy that may or mean I think
he existed probably fancied himself to
be like a prophet or something that I
mean I'm not religious obviously I don't
believe he had any supernatural anything
so I mean I'm convinced that Jesus was a
real human that existed there was also
the incarnation of God himself so so it
was the son of God the questions of
course I thank you gentlemen one more
because it just came in and it is for
both of you I love this question what
are both of your thoughts on the
fine-tuning argument for God's existence
I'm okay with it I think it's a good
probabilistic argument she said I
recognize what it is you're arguing
probability and you have to recognize
you do obviously deal with the other
possibilities like physical necessity or
chance or give the base link design and
best you can say from it is that there's
a designer Wow but again you can't
really say who it simple naturally
natural theology arc and I would use it
secondarily with engineer gotcha I don't
like the fine-tuning argument because I
feel like it supposes the universe can
only exist the way that it does now
it's hard to conceive of a universe that
could exist in a different way but the
fine-tuning argument argues that like or
my understanding of it is basically that
like life can only exist if certain
conditions are like set to pretty exact
you know specifications but the reality
is is that maybe it could have been set
far differently and another type of life
or another type of a world could have
emerged that we just can't really think
of right now so yeah I don't I don't
yeah gotcha
thank you very much with that want to
say thanks for being everybody being
here everybody's been a blast thanks for
your questions and also want to let you
know as mentioned both of the speakers
have their link in the description so
one last final thanks to the speakers
who made this possible today is a lot of
fun a great conversation and maybe maybe
in the future be fun to have both of you
guys back we'd really enjoyed having you
guys on you guys have helped us out a
lot in terms of the channel growing new
people being introduced to it and more
importantly just that the conversations
is getting to you guys as creative
thoughts we appreciate it
yeah thanks everyone yeah thanks you bet
with that take care everybody keep
sifting out the reasonable from the
unreasonable take care awesome thanks so
much guys it's been a blast
yeah thanks lad sorry I'll have some
people I'll look over some of these
arguments a little bit these are a
little bit more in depth than than I
thought it like philosophically usually
we don't get that deep so yeah but I
appreciate your grunts yeah it worries
yeah that's like kind of tend to do that
very much into this but yeah yeah
appreciate in conversation yeah thanks a
lot we gonna take care of guys thank you
[ __ ] all that [ __ ] alright we defined
simulation to mean anything emergent
then its premise saying that simulation
to jump Minds doesn't follow any more
right maybe I'm not sure I'd have to go
through it like pick it apart pretty
carefully I've never even considered the
argument before related to simulations
or emergent things and this guy has very
clearly thought about it a great deal so
it's unlikely that I'm gonna be able to
piece together anything in real time
that he hasn't heard before and can
refute like three levels deeper so
[Music]
so there but we
