I collect in the Romney me like oh it's
so chewing so good it helps you it helps
to stare at the Sun better no won't wall
think in the old the Sun is just a
projection because the earth is flat
yeah okay wait a second do you guys
actually think that that's like a huge
meme you don't think there might be any
validity to that what kidding well I
guess like when I think of things this
is I this sounds really me but I'm
really big on like observable empirical
data driven kind of answers I don't know
I feel like a lot of the I feel like
they're all descriptive in predictive
powers to a lot of the things that flat
earthers say like what are some things
that you think can't be predicted or it
can't be explained by Flat Earth theory
I'm a legitimate Korean you see the
picture that is posted in check [ __ ]
picture shows the Sun going around in
circles yeah the Sun travels around in
the sky the Sun will travel around the
earth or or will be tilted differently
based on the axis to the earth it's kind
of similar to how it works in your
spherical model or whatever but but I
mean it would work pretty much the same
way just because the earth is flat
doesn't mean it can't tilt along an axis
with the Sun moving around it with the
destiny are you looking at the picture
that I posted yeah okay
from see how there's a red circle with
the North Pole and there's a red circle
around Africa no Papua New Guinea
and South America from that it would
follow that the circumference on those
is wider than those in the in the
century and we could extract like that
Oh a flight time would take long from
South America
okay I'm sorry so a few days ago I said
that um late at night but when I was
opposed to going to sleep I hopped on
the server and I started having a flat
earth discussion and I brought it up and
apparently some guy emailed me and he
said he heard me talking about this but
he actually recorded it so see so he
sent me the recording of it so that's
listening to like from the northern and
southern hemispheres we could well sure
but I guess like the problem with this
kind of stuff this is gonna sound like a
huge [ __ ] cop-out but the problem is
that it's impossible for anybody to
independently verify these measures on
their own like no scientist will ever
get in a truck and drive in a straight
line and actually measure out how to
verify that these distances are accurate
what about is like all on flights like
Justin what about meta destiny how can
meta accumulate and not form a sphere
eventually because it doesn't
necessarily have to or what do you mean
it's gonna form a sphere wait why does
it always have to spawn if you measure
the force of gravity and then you
measure the mass in the model predicts
those forms yeah wait wait what how we
why can't matter do is form a disk Oh
disk but because the way a certain
amount of mass has a gravitational
attraction which is an amount of force
in all directions right so if you have
an if you have enough matter in one in
one thing yeah well no well no well
let's say that you would let's say that
you were to lay out matter like in a
flat why can't the matter just come
together and form like a flat but you'd
have to lay it out in the flat plane
how would it however you flip you would
be a sphere why do you get to assume
that it would have started out our
sphere articles attracting to each other
right in come together and the way they
come together is in its perform of the
sphere but not necessarily but but well
that's what
let's say that you blew up a disk in
space okay it was a flat disk and it
kind of when I say blowed up like you
just like crumbled all of it right so it
was just kind of in space laying there
it's like a flat thing when gravity kind
of like pulls it together it all it's
going to do is like from the ends like
push it in it's not going to necessarily
make it into a sphere or anything yeah
yeah a specific amount if you have
enough matter then the force is great
enough that will turn it into a sphere
so if you have like weight will you buy
enough matter why should it matter how
much matter there is because the more
the matter the more gravity right that's
pulling it together and if the gravity
overcomes the structural integrity of
the earth whatever you have well if this
was so Jim why is it that things like
why is the earth not even a because even
in your spherical model so this
interesting because I've heard a lot of
people that say they're into physics
will claim this that like all matter
will I say that you guys always say that
all matter will form a sphere okay so
but the problem is that even in your
models you guys have to bulge the earth
at the center because it's not even a
perfect sphere in your model it's a knob
lead sphere fear our square right it's
not even a perfect circle what's so why
does it's not it's not perfect uniform
density right and it's not like it's not
made of air there is a predictable bulge
the earth in the same way that you need
it in order to make it work because you
have it set up as a sphere well it could
be flat like that bulge that exists at
the middle of the earth like they try to
explain it away while also saying that
all matter forms a sphere but that bulge
is only there because it seems like they
need it to kind of explain how the
sphere math even way what so if you look
at every single planet that is
supposedly a sphere in the solar system
all of them oh actually we can google it
it's called equatorial Bowl wait hold on
wait wait why aren't those why aren't
those spheres there well I'm not even
sure if we can really see that
I like have you looked into a telescope
yes you can you can google equatorial
bulge how is it that it that a rotating
body will form a bulge of the sphere
when it should be forming perfect
circles I don't understand look the
every single planet has this perfect
bulge that just so happens to explain
the position of all the continents what
what now you explain the position of
prominence what do you mean look all I'm
saying is that there are maps with Flat
Earth where everything fits perfectly
but as soon as you turn how to make
earth into a sphere you've got to start
adding all these really weird
conditionals in order to put the
contents where they're supposed to be
like you're talking about in that flight
the reason why you can explain them is
because you have to add this weird bulge
in the center of a sphere that's
supposed to be a perfect sphere
according to your model can you really
look at it like that no if you have well
I I think that I mean if you look at the
models and you look at I mean just look
at the earth I mean I've traveled in
airplanes I've traveled internationally
like I've flown all over the world I've
been to South Korea Poland Germany I've
never seen like the curvature of the
earth well you're the well the
observation that we both make us at the
earth is flat you're the one that's
making the extraordinary claim well I
mean I've seen your horizon you can't
see all over it well but but all of that
is explaining I want you to I want you
to time you know people you guys claim
hold on you guys claim that black holes
can suck in light right the sunlight
right goes over the planet like just
perfectly but it never gets sucked into
the planet like flat earth because
because wait because the escape works
because the mass of the black hole was
so great that the escape velocity of the
speed of light so that's if that's if
the light reach
the event horizon buckle yeah but what
perfectly explained so that your white
is just fast enough 300,000 kilometers a
second okay oh [ __ ] did you get Kenneth
Quinn threw a tennis ball at the same
speed on a black hole it would go back
down because the gravitational force is
like greater than the speed of light
like it can't just come back okay so
what about like Jupiter or how about the
Sun the Sun is so huge how can like
problem produces life electromagnetism
that happens from nuclear fusion within
its core is what for yeah why can the
light escape from the Sun why doesn't
the light orbit the Sun like the planets
supposedly do why does no light of its
own as it has your wife how is it
impacted by gravity well it's the Sun
whoa like why can't I see like an orbit
of light around the Sun should because
like if the if the light is being shot
off the Sun shouldn't it eventually slow
down and lose momentum and then start
orbiting around the Sun like no because
it has no mass because because a black
hole bends space-time and not just
[ __ ] that it doesn't time you guys
everything technology does enough to
like keep them from escaping sure it's
not like this is this is how it's
explained advance this is how to explain
it but earth when you shine it could
just take it wait you could just take it
with the Edom's you could say well the
atoms using together and then the
neutrons like are the protons decaying
into a neutrons creating out with
outwards pressure and like fly it why
doesn't that just a little bit around it
with it you wouldn't have the structure
of the star
okay so what I'm saying is that Flat
Earth theory perfectly explains that
when you shine a light it falls off just
like anything else would this is why
things disappear over the horizon
because the light is falling off it's
totally consistent everywhere on earth
whereas you guys are trying to tell me
that
well sometimes light has no mass
sometimes it's captured by virtually no
mess what is the mass put what is the
mass of a bones have mass but it has
mass yeah but virtually zero mass like
if you look it up it'll say hit zero man
but it's not zero yeah but at zero
99.9% empty speed so shouldn't we just
be like falling off the earth if
everything just falls off by buoyant
forces travel far enough shouldn't I
like behind the end of the earth I don't
know I mean it's why is the moon rises
in my circle who says lemonis curve I
don't believe a moment is it really what
why does the earth cost like us a
spherical shadow across the moon yes
destiny okay in the northern hemisphere
water flushes yeah also clockwise how do
you explain this that can all be
explained just because it's a flat earth
doesn't mean it can't rotate and spin
around an axis way like you bring up the
moon and it's good point listen you guys
why do we always see the same side of
the Moon why doesn't the moon spinning
whoa because of the way it all bits
around us oh come on like every single
thing you have like a caveat for if I
say the moon is flat
it orbits around the earth you plug the
mass into the model of the moon the mass
of the Earth the rotation blah blah blah
blah blah and it all comes out that way
right so if you put it into the model
this thing comes out and it happens to
be like when we look at it that's also
the thing so that's why we say yeah it's
just to say that the earth is flat you
would have to assume that all the other
planets as including the Sun and the
moon are flat as well sure like you're
fine with that logic yeah of course it
was like I said like one big mirror look
when you look at things like the moon
right you have you get you give all
these weird explanation travel and
perfectly orbit so we all always see the
same side like okay but it's it makes
perfect sense if you just assume that
it's flat and it moves up on top of the
planet and like I said wait I don't know
the frustrating thing is that every
single time like you have a rule
you always have an exception for the
rule in order to make your model work
which played earlier all of you guys
were very adamant that all matter in
space would form a sphere but you also
brought up how science scientists would
never measure like different the
different flight paths where people
actually have done that so
it's not weight it's not yeah but but
the earth couldn't be the earth and do
that by the way gravity gravity affects
all of that as energy not just mass so
just so you know and photons have
gravity gravity affects space-time and
energies affected great gravity is real
then why don't we see ometimes orbiting
the Sun why don't we see that and why is
it that light is able to get past
planets like Jupiter with no problem
should we see giant shadows well I don't
know I'm just I'm genuinely curious why
is it that I can't look out okay listen
if we would have shoot something off of
the planet Earth right
if earth was a [ __ ] massive thing
like the Sun is supposed to be like a
million times bigger than the earth why
is it that we don't see the photons
coming back into the Sun to orbit the
Sun why is the question but wait wait
think you could just post the question
well why other atoms in the center of
the red supergiant star [ __ ] fusing
why aren't they like going back to orbit
the sunlight no well because they're
kept inside the Sun the star you see
like different fusions happening what so
you could just ask the same questions
for each like layer you could look at
like like just like loosely flying like
nucleuses like it seemed like of the
star and say like why isn't that going
into the core of this stuff wait wait so
what are you asking me again I say I'm
just saying you could just say that for
that I don't have an actual explanation
for that but I'm pretty sure it'd be for
what destiny was talking about about the
photons no I'm just asking why when the
photons are launched off the Sun which
is supposedly [ __ ] huge why they
aren't drawn back into it why is it only
black holes which is the only way that
you guys can explain away reason why
light the reason why light doesn't
escape black holes is because the escape
velocity or whatever is greater than
which light travels it yeah this one
doesn't have enough
I mean like pull so like here's what I
have to look at right here's what I have
to look at from an evidence point of
view okay you guys are saying okay the
only the galaxy can work is if you put a
supermassive black hole in the middle
this happens to be the only thing that
light can escape from but you also don't
know anything about it but I can't
somebody grab you man in the middle in
the middle of the Milky Way galaxy
supposedly there's a super miss perfect
thing that you have no idea how they
work how does a black hole even work now
we can explain it nobody can tell you
why oh yeah once once yes so you know
anything in the world could become a
black hole theoretically if you
condensed it enough okay thanks so then
why has it a large how bring it
regarding protons and antiprotons wait
you haven't addressed fly times are all
my tanks I think have been worked out on
on on paper it's such that they all work
out just fine like you're trying to tell
me that you know what the exact flight
times is but every time they're slightly
different people always say well because
the wind speeds are one thing or the
wind currents were another like well
that's a that's a margin of error in the
context that's a marksberry should
variability but it still does I mean I
would have to see I would have to see a
map of the flight times cuz all the maps
that I've seen with flat earth show the
fly times working out just fine oh yeah
so if the ship sails off far enough
it'll look like it's sinking correct
just how we figured out how there's
other Greeks figured out well this is
from your faulty assumption that light
travels so fast that even though you
guys say somehow it has mass but it
doesn't really fall to the planet if you
assume your while you say there's a
little bit but if you assume that light
fault if you assume that light falls
into the planet just like anything else
does like everything else is predicted
to then you would assume that as the
ship moves farther and farther away the
light kind of falls off as it gets to
you and it appears to fall over the
horizon that's like an illusion created
by the light falling off as it gets
farther away
yeah it has yeah the the the earth has a
very slight gravitational pull on light
so like it slightly very slightly bends
the light so like it would fall off but
it's very very slight yeah to travel
away hundreds of thousands of miles in
order for you to see it fall off because
light falls off very very slightly sure
I don't disagree that hundreds of
thousands of no no no it falls off
because everything like every everything
that has mattered pulled sunlight but
the the the thing about lightest that
has no mass and thus the the pole on it
is so minimal because the end because I
photon has so little energy that yeah it
barely doesn't fall off at all but
compared like any later
again I don't want to disagree with you
like I agree with everything you're
saying it's just you're telling me that
it just likes tiny and the Fantas and
unbelief small packets of energy well
but like you're trying to say that it's
so fast and all of this is so true that
the only thing that is able to capture
this our black holes that you no no no
okay answer me this question can you
descent to me this question how do you
even know a black hole exists if looking
through telescopes suppose you're
looking at me because I'm black holes we
said way and we've detected
gravitational waves detected gravitation
was detected gravitational waves from
locals I mean all of it is stuff like
you can't go and run any tests yourself
to verify this but I could run every
test I want you to verify fighter I
could take measurements to the ship
going over the horizon and shining a
laser point back I can show you the
fall-off of the light as it gets farther
away the light will drop further and
further on the board like all of my
measurements make sense well you could
look what is the laser will drop and in
a predicted manner because light falls
off the same way that it would from from
the Sun or the same way that it would
from
anything else like how can you think the
Sun isn't hundreds of millions of miles
away wouldn't it all fall off before I
even would get to the earth like it's
just so I don't know it's all so weird
or like why doesn't Jupiter pull more
okay why don't you say any light
orbiting the Sun when I get none of
these questions are answered at all in
your model well yeah because because
photons have virtually no mess except
for when it comes to black holes
gravitational the gravity of the
gravitational so the only first they can
suck in light is a theorized object that
you can't see or test for in any way
that it's because it exists hundreds of
thousands of why can't we've detected
gravitational waves from like oh well
they said they've detected real evidence
of that I mean wait wait so why do you
think you can it wants to think you're
at this flat but they just lie all this
time about the earth being round cuz
it's the goddamn Jews as a good
[Music]
