okay this isn't really a spoiler okay
however I'm gonna make this prediction
right now whatever I rate this movie
that rating is going to fall off when
the when the next movie gets released to
the next Avengers movie oh yeah yes but
we've got we have three minutes to go
Kyle and we can discuss it well normally
I wouldn't accept well we'll talk about
it all of it okay okay fine fine maybe
maybe you will convince me
okay so right we're past it limit okay
so Rio to the reason so the reason why
I'm not gonna like this movie as much
from the second movie comes out is
because I'm 99% sure in the second movie
okay masters spoiler alerts by the way
if you get a spam then get [ __ ] it's
because I'm pretty here on the second
movie they're gonna find a way to undo
everything and bring everybody back
which renders which kind of renders this
movie a little bit meh where to start
how long didn't get the stream two hours
come just come back later don't just
leave just exit the stream and come back
later so yeah so there's that to keep in
mind okay damn where to start so dark
okay firstly the thing that I like the
most about this movie okay holy memes
okay the thing that I like the most
about this movie is that I really like
the villain I think the villain dude was
like really sick tannaz good job not
making a villain who is evil just
because someone had to be yeah I thought
that he was the best villain I've ever
seen like in a superhero movie coming
into this movie I'm gonna be honest I
had very very very low expectations no
no when I say low expectations I had
superhero movie expect
so I kind of just wanted to be like
mindless action memes or whatever I
thought that Thanos was like the coolest
[ __ ] villain ever the ending scene
with him where he was like we kind of
sort of smiled when that when that
sunrise came up like he said he wanted
to write when the Sun rises on the
universe I'll know that I've done my
work I thought that was really cool the
way the movie ended was pretty brave as
well the ending is what made the movie
so dark I can't believe that they ended
it on that point I was waiting for them
to like oh we found like you know we
just have we've got like actually we
actually have six to the seven
dragonballs and we just need the last
one and you like set it up for the next
movie to be like on a huge like on a
huge upswing but they didn't at all the
movie actually ended incredibly darkly
with him having accomplished his mission
and everything yeah I thought that was
really cool I really like the way that
the nose was handled and yeah man Wow
the the villain part is like really
really really important and in Marvel
movies you really suck at that so yeah I
mean most superhero most you know
whether it's a superhero or a shounen or
whatever you want to say like most if
it's made for kids usually the villain
is evil because someone has to be that's
how it always feels let's not Voldemort
feels that's how a lot of villains feel
so every Dragon Ball Z villain feels
yeah and I don't think I don't know I
don't think this was perfect but like it
is so much better than you normally see
in this [ __ ] there were it was two two
and a half hours was a long time they
were it was a huge cast of characters
man what oh so I don't like to just drop
this meme whatever I wish I had the
movie in front of me I wish I had a more
educated background so I could describe
it better um it sounds like a meme to
say this I feel like people generally
throw it in but I genuine I genuinely
thought the cinematography of the movie
was really really well done there were
like a lot of shots there were a lot of
it seems were like just the way that
they were shot I was thinking like wow
this is like really really cool I really
like what's on the screen right now I
don't know how was to explain that I
wish I had a better vocabulary for it
but but I felt like there were a lot of
scenes like that where I guess like
generally in superhero movies I just
expect like big explosions and just
random [ __ ] or whatever but in this
movie I feel like there are a lot of
shots we could like take like a
10-second clip would be like this was
really [ __ ] cool the way that this
was shown was like really awesome
why is Thea knows evil it's not just
because someone needs me I don't know if
you could say that Thanos is evil I mean
he is unlike our traditional sense but I
don't know I thought that they handled
even though like if you if you look too
deeply into his memes it's kind of dumb
like killing half the universe to save
you have gets into yeah I kind of if you
look like real people in do it but I
feel like they handle those character
well enough and I really loved the
dynamic that he had with all of the
other characters like I kept waiting for
him
I was waiting so many times for him to
have his scene where he like punches
someone and then walks up it is like
haha you thought your power could ever
match my power ah ha ha but he wasn't he
was like suit he was actually really
respectful of every other character you
know like he I think he said as much to
Tony Stark that he respected his antara
that you're suddenly calm you know we're
both cursed with knowledge or something
yeah there was there was another
superhero where he said oh he said it
too what's the main guy and get
guardians of the galaxy it's not thin
[ __ ] what's his name quail quill
yeah yeah Peter yeah where he says like
I you know I respect your I like you boy
or something like that
Thanos actually seemed really respectful
of every other superhero in the in the
movie which was really cool I like that
I really like that Oh Stannis is like a
really big part of this movie for me in
being as enjoyable as it was man it
helps so much yeah it's not perfect but
it's so much better than you normally
get from like what else what else what
else is there to talk about it let me
what you guys bring up [ __ ] how do you
feel about the trope of that you've seen
a lot of this [ __ ] of like oh man we get
so close and then someone [ __ ] it out
like well like well normally yeah
normally right like they're prying the
glove off of them and quill like totally
you know you know he's gonna [ __ ] it up
because someone
in that situation someone always [ __ ]
it up and there's but I mean like yeah I
mean like normally I would say that [ __ ]
is really lame but I mean I feel like I
feel like I'm gonna go extra movie on
this but it's still within the universe
so I think it's a fair they've spent to
milk they've spent two movies building
the relationship between him and Gamora
so I think it's fair for him to have
that reaction I think they've earned
that even if they didn't necessarily in
this movie I think they spend enough
time building those two characters up
that I think it's okay for it to happen
it was kind of dumb i I agree but like
yeah and maybe the fact that I haven't
seen those other two movies is where I
think it's kind of dumb and pretty dumb
and I would rather it not be there but I
as I guess I'm resigned to the fact that
it's it's just something it's so up it's
there we're gonna get really close and
then someone's gonna [ __ ] it up and then
[Music]
yeah and also it is consistent with
quills character like quill isn't like
the most mature guy and even in this
movie that was established right what
you would expect him to act more on
emotion than sure dr. strange giving up
the stone just to save Starks life was a
little add um no actually think it's
fully justified inside the plot when
he's when he was doing his time future
[ __ ] or ever he said that he only
saw one path forward so it's entirely
possible because actually no I actually
would take money on this unless the
writers are [ __ ] garbage tear like
literal Game of Thrones Season 5 + or 4
+ garbage tear your saw this no
absolutely and I know that to be the
case
sure well I know this for two reasons
one is because he looks forward into the
future and he says that there was only
one path there was like 14 million 603
that [ __ ] up in one path where we
actually win and then when he's fading
away at the end when everybody is kind
of dying to the Infinity stones he says
this was the only way or it had to be
this way yeah so when we saw that line
combined with the earlier 4-cyl he has
to be saying that you know
if the Anniston of the time stone for
granite earth he'd probably have killed
100 percent of the heroes rather than
just 50% Oh maybe did the part with
spider-man and Tony's Peter was fading
away break you as well I thought tell
nail that um yeah I mean it was a pretty
sad part where they were all dying sure
I really just like the random plot
points that popped up the Smith the
stone in the forehead um yeah I mean
there was like a lot of kind of random
stuff but I mean damn they're weaving
together so many different stories and
they gave it I feel like they gave it
enough time I thought it was kind of
funny that Peter Dinklage plays is a
dwarf and plays a giant that was kind of
me me you can make it oh part of the
part of the shot compositions or
whatever I guess maybe this goes into
the cinematography a little bit I
thought that all of the fight scenes
were really really well done they all
felt like really impactful and they
didn't feel like I don't know in some
fight scenes I don't know if this is
just like a guy that follows Captain
America around or why but I feel like
everything that Captain America is
involved in he's like really cool
whereas like all the Ironman stuff is
like just tons of explosions and people
getting hit and flying like across the
universe and like a million times and
like everything's kind of silly but um I
felt like things were a lot more
scripted out in terms of action
sequences in this movie and again I feel
like with every Captain American movie
that just seems to be the case I don't
know if there's like a special dude that
he works with or something
but yeah I thought I thought like all of
that was handle really well everything
with the doctor the doctor strange dude
like people coming in and out of portals
and everything I thought that looked
really cool on film there are on the
screen I thought that all of that was
like incredibly smooth and everything
it's the ruse the Russo a Russo the
Russo brothers directed this movie in
the last two Captain America's oh okay
maybe
why couldn't strange use that portal
power to chop off the hand we saw
earlier in the beginning villain um I'm
not sure do you know why is there a
reason why why can you just make a
portal over the one dudes hands and then
chop off the hand well if he makes the
portal wouldn't have to put his hand in
it yeah that's well yeah like I don't
that seems like it would be very very
difficult to do mm-hmm
I'm like oh and it did happen happen
very much by chance yeah go
back to the fight cinematography and the
liking of Thanos I don't know how much
this movie wrote on Thanos for me all of
his fight scenes were really cool it
felt like a video game boss battle where
he had like the the different stones and
he was using all of the different stone
powers like in battle and he just out
lit up and did it everything I thought
that was really cute I really like that
yeah
tannaz was like the protagonist in this
movie I felt that way in a lot of ways
it kind of was you you know that usually
it's the protagonist the journey across
the universe trying to gather like a
certain number of stones in order to
accomplish their end goal or whatever
normally the protagonist has to make
like great sacrifices along the way
maybe even though the sacrifice of a
loved one like danos had to with Gamora
in some ways yeah you could argue that
that Thanos was the protagonist sure he
was the main character all along the
next the next movie is how they retcon
everything incorporate the x-men into
the Marvel of cinema
the next movie is the two Avengers
movies this one in the next one back to
back so gotcha
it is already filmed we just have to
wait two years for them to uh what
tension build again you know yeah maybe
okay mark what did you think about
Gamora speech to Thanos but were thrown
off a cliff I thought it was a bit silly
what I thought it was perfect what do
you mean I think it was really good
because Gamora in a way is verbalizing
the thoughts of the audience or at the
very least I thought that we were
getting like a Dumbledore moment that
was actually I really like that plot
point that was actually really good
really yeah so in Harry Potter movies
like yeah of course but the reason why
it was really good in Harry Potter and
the Philosopher's Stone
Dumbledore hides the philosopher's stone
and cast a spell or uses a trick in such
a way that somebody that wants to
destroy the universe or whatever or gain
like power for malicious ways would
never be able to acquire the stone and
the way that you acquire the
philosopher's stone was I don't remember
you had to look in that mirror not to do
it but the own
the stone would only appear for somebody
that didn't want to use it and I thought
that was really interesting so for the
soul stone the only way that you could
acquire the soul stone was if you'd get
if you'd make a sacrifice of something
that you truly loved and when when the
person said that when the gwyn that guy
[ __ ] and I remember his name they were
dude the red face dude when he said that
I thought that the the implication here
was gonna be okay Thanos [ __ ] himself
because Thanos is like a really evil
dude and he doesn't love anything right
he's just a bad guy so like he's never
gonna get the soul stone so I feel I
thought we were gonna go into a part on
like how what is he going to do to
actually get the soul stone says he
doesn't have anything he loves to
sacrifice but then you find out he
actually genuinely really does love his
daughter Gamora red skull yeah which I
thought was an interesting turn point
and get more verbalizes all about like
oh well you don't love anything you're
totally [ __ ] but then you find out
that his his love for his daughter is a
very very real thing I didn't see that
coming I thought that I thought that he
was actually [ __ ] there I see I
suppose the two ways you could have gone
there is like oh this means that he
needs to get someone else to get the
stone for him or that he's a sociopath
who actually does love his daughter and
wants to destroy yeah like yeah he's
probably a sociopath
that daughter is she's getting thrown
off the fluff well but but throwing her
off the cliff doesn't work unless he
actually loves her that was the whole
point but I mean you can be like I like
you could see him as like a sort of a
sociopath who does love and want to
destroy at the same time like like I
wasn't that surprised by that I guess
I'm not comfortable calling him a
sociopath though I mean I think that he
feels fully justified compassionately
for why he's dazed I mean what do you
think Thanos about first time failing
his destiny was he said he wouldn't fail
is SNe twice and killed Gamora um
haven't the other movies been about him
trying to get like the Infinity stones
like wasn't that guardians of the galaxy
one was the one guy Dan knows his son
trying to get an infinity stone far more
then he betrayed him or some [ __ ] and
then I feel like there were two
different movies I could be Brian I
remember it was him failing to save his
planet oh maybe
I was surprised rax was a non-factor on
the thinnest I was opposed to being me
and created to go who is which one is
Drax why do you remember that see if you
the big big off-colored dude guardians
of the galaxy sure that data is nothing
I don't think that guy is he's just like
a strong fighter that's it I don't think
that guy power level wise doesn't match
with any like I think Drax loses to
almost every single super hero even on
earth like I think Captain America
should be able to beat Drex in a
one-on-one that's what it feels like to
me that I could be wrong but do you
think I'm gonna I didn't undo literally
all the deaths who do you think some of
the dough's are gonna stick well then
make them so you can stick for sure
but I mean they probably a lot of do a
lot of these deaths I would not put it
past anything for there to be like a
rewind time do-over something I just
felt like all the main characters were
irrelevant to anything in the plot are
them the jokes I mean they were like a
lot of characters they were trying to
work in so how about the plot point
where the Hulk didn't want to come out I
don't know anything about that I'm
guessing that's explained like in a
whole movie or something
I think the Hulk was in the last Thor
movie I think he had to have been based
off of how the movie started yeah cuz I
looked this up yesterday I think the
whole close in the last Thor movie so
maybe it had something to do with that
or maybe was explained there maybe why
Bruce Banner can't change into the Hulk
[Music]
do you think it's possible that they
will reason with Thanos to undo his
crime maybe the real plot will be the
redemption arc of Thanos maybe
did you see after the credits um I
looked at it when I came home I didn't
see it in a theater
I waited for the mid credit roll but
then the mid credits came and then
nothing happened and then the lights and
the theater turned on and then the end
credits rolled so I thought that they
weren't gonna have one which is which
would have been I think like the first
time ever for a Marvel movie but but I
looked it up after I read a little bit
did you read anything about the Miss
Marvel or whatever yeah that's a movie
that's coming out next year along with
the next yeah I don't know about that
character sounds really dumb to me I'm
not sure like liberal Gontier power [ __ ]
what did you think about vision
throughout the movie um I must have
missed another movie with him I saw age
of Ultron but I must have missed the
movie where he like wants to go off and
become like a human or something because
I totally didn't get that at all the
best part of this movie is the
traumatized kids and normies walking out
of the theater after the endless and
pepper all I actually never saw Civil
War so that would explain why I don't
know about him so how they get your
money you guys see them all to get all
the lore what makes miss Marvel special
what are her powers supposedly miss
Marvel oh [ __ ] Kyle is a [ __ ] turtle
wait where'd you go Miss Marvel is
supposed to be like the strongest
superhero like of all of them like
stronger than [ __ ] right like
stronger than Thor they're kind of full
of [ __ ] does Saint wait what am I wrong
that's what I read I thought that um I
thought that Miss Marvel I'm pretty sure
there's an actual interview where they
