I am pretty sober but I mean oh you're
like you're like input on this topic
that's all because like I saw you said
something on Twitter and then your title
so I've like I've heard this discussion
you had like probably two years ago
about casing Tron and whatnot so I want
to know what your input is nowadays like
has it so not really so I'm retreading a
lot of low ground I'm sorry for the
viewers but basically the I think that
the IRL streaming that exists today on
Twitch is fundamentally different than
what I was talking about before so just
to be clear in my view I'm totally okay
with people playing games and looking
sexy while doing it I mean I would do it
if I had [ __ ] boobs I would have the
[ __ ] most cleavage [ __ ] bar I
could do but I think that there's a
fundamental difference between like
playing games on Twitch versus like
selling sex is like entertainment which
is more kind of like what you are
Amaranthe to I think that those are like
fun or like s tph I think those like
fundamentally different types of
streaming yeah like give me an example
of what I mean by selling quote-unquote
sex so like if you just if I'm going to
like um so like if I'm going to your
stream I'm going there for sexually
related reasons and if I'm subscribing
to you a lot of the perks are kind of
like sexually related so like selling
access to like your snapchat or I think
did you have the patreon with like the
not safe for work pictures or whatever
stuff like that it's pretty sexually
explicit or like dancing for Saabs are
squatting or whatever for subs it's like
pretty sight like are people like
genuinely carries like how many body
weight squats you can do in a day for
your endurance or do they just want to
see your ass when you squat you know I
mean to be honest they probably do I
mean it's kind of like a clickbait thing
I suppose mhm
like I'm not gonna sit here and like say
that it's not you know I know what I'm
doing like I'm not yeahsure pretending
like I have no idea that I'm like or
doing squats for no reason or like oh
yeah I wanna I want to exercise on my
stream guys yeah but the thing is like
I have actually talked to a couple of
staff I don't know if you have know like
I'm the on this like what's allowed and
what's not allowed again I'm saying like
explicit line of what they want you to
do and what's not allowed to do on your
stream and they've they've even told me
like I'm kind of in the gray area I
suppose I'm okay with it like if twitch
one day woke up and decided hey we don't
want you to do this on a channel like
one time they actually told me that I'm
not allowed to do squats for bits which
to be perfectly honest I don't really
understand that because I'm allowed to
do squats for subs okay if you wanna if
you want to allow people to do squats at
all I think you should allow them to do
it for subs and bits right I mean with
our two different twitch guys that told
you this was it the same one person
would did you say it was actually the
one that said that you could get banned
for doing squats for subs cuz I actually
like to people that I saw that took on
my thing like they actually kind of
quote unquote copied what I did yeah um
they had the bits right because I had it
for a while and then they got banned for
it so I felt kind of bad because the
staff told me that it wasn't allowed but
then they didn't tell anybody else not
do it you know but I mean to be honest I
fine if they one day said hey we're
implementing new rules that are that
this isn't allowed or like you're not
allowed to do this on stream and like
honestly I actually think they should
have specific rules for IRL because
right now I feel like it's kind of like
I like open for the bait yeah it's like
the Wild West you never know who's gonna
get hit with a bad night I mean because
it's such a new is such a new category
and like so many people are doing such
different things like you know body
painting or like dancing on stream and
things like that so I think they really
should implement
like some sort of guidelines so that
people know what's allowed and what's
not allowed because I I honestly when
you read the Terms of Service for twitch
I feel like it's like so vague you know
like when you say overtly sexual what's
what's really overtly sexual to you
might not be the same for me like I may
not think that something is considered
overtly sexual but somebody else might
yeah like even playing games with
cleavage some people can consider it
yeah without any kind of like guidelines
yeah I'm not saying you are but I'm
saying one person might think that's
completely irresponsible and overtly
sexual but like another person may not
think that way right yeah yeah really
implement a guideline for this though
that's the problem right like how do you
really eat these Michelle I I don't I
don't think that is a problem so the and
I'll be crystal clear of my criticism
because there's a lot of really [ __ ]
stupid people to talk about this
basically people should be open about
criticizing these things like I'm
totally fine with having this discussion
with people just just when people throw
around insults yeah that's when I start
listen stop listening to it you know
yeah so like the problem is that in what
I've said in the beginning was like um I
think this is why I'm so critical at
which on this because I feel like you
people get harassed kind of because of
twitch it's Twitch's fault so the
problem is that twitch needs to make a
very clear statement going forward where
they either a say well listen there are
forms of sexually explicit content that
will allow in certain sections of the
site and we're going to upgrade the TOS
to reflect that in which case nobody if
people are asking they're just [ __ ]
because it's on twitch it's what's
allowed or be they clarify we are going
to enforce our TOS stricter we're gonna
be more clear on our guidelines and then
certain streamers like you or amaranth
or whatever would be told like okay well
this type of content we don't
necessarily want this on the site
anymore so it has to change and then you
go forward from there but I feel like
twitch like wants to have its cake and
eat it to where it sits in this weird
gray area and it doesn't really enforce
the tos except it kind of does it but in
a really inconsistent way and the only
thing that's ever going to happen as
long as that continues is people will
just shed on you guys because they they
view you as violating Atos because by
the letter of the tos you you are kind
of violating right the sexual uh virtus
part but not in twitches eyes but
no reasonable person would read it and
come to the same interpretation as them
so kind of invites people to harass
dreamers like you because they perceive
all of you to be rule breakers right I
think the problem also is that because
the rules are so vague it's like
completely open for interpretation not
only for the staff but also for the
streamer right because sometimes I sit
and I'm just like well you know I'd be
thinking before I strain like am I
allowed to really do this on stream and
then I find myself like contacting staff
members and I'm just like can I do this
on stream and then they'll tell me
whether it's okay or not but like I
think roles shouldn't even be up for
interpretation really I think they need
to be like you said more it's allowed or
not so that people don't make mistakes
and then they're like well I didn't know
you know yeah that's like a big problem
that I talked about earlier like cuz
there's a streamer you want to be on
Twitch is good sorry I want to be on
twitch is a good side so it's really
annoying when I get hit for like a roll
like you're getting a three-day ban
person was like oh well [ __ ] if I knew
that was against the rule I would have
done it like I don't want to be banned
from the platform you know so that's
like a really annoying thing it's like
when you become a partner I don't know
if they told you but like they didn't
actually tell me that there was like
different time frames for when you get
banned and like you know you get like
warnings first and then you get like a
three day band
oh yeah I've never heard I mean I've
heard like I've heard like people
talking about it like on subreddit
threats and [ __ ] but I've never been I
have no idea I have [ __ ] like one
hour conversation with this guy I'm not
gonna say which staff but like he told
me like if you keep doing this you will
be perma banned eventually you know but
it's like I wish they would just be open
about it you know I wish they would let
the partners know that this is a thing
that they follow so that partners know
well if there's like a three-strike rule
get permabanned eventually for it cuz I
feel like people complain about it and
on reddit for example they'd be like oh
well this person didn't get banned for
it but this guy did write but then they
don't really know the
behind-the-scenes of it and the first
person may have gotten a warning for it
you know yeah and twitches never public
about any ban or any punishment ever so
everybody just it's just cancer
speculation every everybody just assumes
that it's the worst yeah yeah and twitch
never makes a public statement about it
so it's obvious that's what people are
gonna do that's really predictable what
do you think about that like partners
getting that kind of quote-unquote
special treatment oh it's it's totally
reasonable that will happen in every
industry you just expect it to happen
but you should be open with it like if
somebody was contributing to [ __ ] on
more to your platform and they're making
$100,000 a year of you of course you're
gonna get more leniency than a brand new
streamer that starts saying the N word
you know if sodapoppin lets the N word
slip on stream he's worth way more to
twitch and is contributed way more so I
mean I think make a little bit of leeway
there is fine and I think of your public
about it and honest with it I think most
people would be okay with it like if
somebody argues against that they're
[ __ ] stupid like [ __ ] you're like
obviously you know it works the same way
to any job you work do you think that's
which should be open about that with in
terms of like how partners get treated
with bands yeah I think so I think they
should be yeah sure
I mean like again like this is this it
works this way at your job you know if
you've got a guy that works really
[ __ ] hard he's been at the company
for 10 years and has a really shitty
week and comes into work late you know
two or three times he's probably not
gonna get like a written warning for
it's probably not going on record the
manager will talk to him or the
supervisor doing like you know do like
get your [ __ ] together like you're fine
but if you're a new employee and you're
like on your third week of employment
and you show up late to work a couple
times you're probably getting written up
for like like an actual written warning
so it goes on record because you don't
know you haven't like built as much
rapport with the company yet yeah I
think it's especially bad because you
know there was this one occasion where
I'm not gonna say who it is obviously
but this one guy he was naked on his
dream and he didn't actually know what
that he was dreaming oh yeah like an
office dream right and he was partnered
and I think someone told me I'm not
really sure but I think he got banned
for 24 hours for it
so upset because wow it's only 24 hours
of being naked on your stream but like I
think the problem is that people just
assume that he's gonna get permabanned
for it you know and they don't realize
that well he's partnered this is the
first time he's ever done this and then
like if somebody else get permabanned
for it they've probably done that before
you know like yeah I rarely see people
get permabanned for something they've
done a single time yeah yeah I think
that's the main problem with twitch but
that's that's like the whole session
that people are saying like I see that
people's throwing around so many
different things like Oh boobie
streamers shouldn't do this and logo
blah but I think the main problem that
people have with which is that they're
not enforcing their rules like equally
of the website
yeah consistently but I mean I do where
that's coming from and I sort of agree
with it to some extent like there was
one person who like was saying that all
women are [ __ ] right and then that
trainwreck guy gets banned for five days
for saying completely the same thing
right yeah oh I don't I don't really
know I don't think twitch should be
really held accountable for it but I
think they should be more open about how
the enforcer rules you know well like so
I think that it becomes an ethics
question and this is why I feel like you
have the cause you have you or you have
a legitimate case to tell them they need
to change their behavior here because
when twitch makes the decision to
enforce things inconsistently they're
really throwing their community under
the bus because if twitch is being very
vague about how they ban people and then
you do something and you get a one day
ban well the person that suffers isn't
twitch you're going to be the one that
could [ __ ] on relentlessly for it why
does this light pink sparkles who sends
all over nudes to Hasan get so much
leeway it's because she's [ __ ]
sencilla right well okay well what are
you supposed to say twitch doesn't
really send you these guidelines
anything you say no one's gonna [ __ ]
believe so twitch essentially throws
it's it's it's contractors under the bus
when they don't come out and clarify
this is how we do bands sometimes we
show leniency this is what's a lot of
yeah so like this is yeah so this is why
I get irritated that one lady their PR
manager said it earlier than
deleted her tweets but she's like people
always come out with these crazy
conspiracy theories bla bla bla bla bla
it's like dude I mean I've been in
gaming for my whole life you know and
anybody that's been in the Internet
arena for a long time knows that this is
really predictable if you don't make
clear guidelines on your site and you
sometimes ban people for other things
that you let other people get away with
it's very predictable that those other
people are gonna start getting harassed
because of a perceived unfairness this
is very very very understandable you
can't just sit here and pretend that you
had no idea this was gonna happen and by
not being clear about your rules you're
inviting this kind of harassment
implicitly I think at least but
especially when people make assumptions
after that - yeah I've had but and again
like it's people shouldn't make
assumptions but they will like that's
what's going to happen if you don't
clear if you don't clarify anything of
course people are going to speculate you
know I mean I I do hope that which will
change this over time because I mean it
seems to be like a consistent problem
like III don't know how long have you
been on Twitch probably since just in TV
or something yeah a long time yeah I
mean it's such an issue for such a long
time and it just it keeps getting blown
out of proportion I just kind of wish
that switch would be more open about how
they enforce the rules to be honest it's
all yeah and especially with their
guidelines it's so incredibly open for
interpretation especially since like non
partnered streamers to get evaluated by
admins that's what I've heard and then
partner streamers get like a tribunal
whatever I'm sure they've got like a
personal guy that will look over reports
and [ __ ] for me everybody should enforce
the rules the same way and like there
should be explicit guidelines on how to
a fortune or and again even to be less
extreme and more favorable to twitch
they don't have to enforce them the same
one everybody but just be just be
transparent about it you know like I
said like if you get a new job usually
you're on a probation period for like
two or three months right you know that
if you [ __ ] up and you're at a new job
you're gonna get [ __ ] for it you know
like people are aware of that you know I
mean they actually did they say that to
you - like the three-month rule whatever
no wait what's the three months what's
the three Wow I seem to know a lot about
this I get in trouble a lot I'm just
saying but okay um basically I mean I'm
not saying this is for certain but this
is just what I've heard right
so I'm not saying this is like a fact
right but I've heard that there's like a
three-month rule where if you've been
clean for three or four months you're
basically in good standing with which so
for example if you're breaking rules and
then you break rules again basically not
really bad she'd be standing like okay
cool six months later bad if you broke
rules twice in three months sure get on
saying yeah I've kind of they're like
weird things that have happened I don't
know if this is ever happened you before
but I caught a two-week ban once and I
was really surprised because I'd never
been punished on twitch before ever my
stream would never I don't ride I can't
remember or maybe I had like one one day
ban or something I think I've ever been
punishing oh you why yeah well was
because I played we watched like four or
five minutes of like a YouTube video on
stream so they caught a two-week banned
for it so I like what a copyrighted
content I guess oh yeah I was to catch a
predator but but yeah but I mean like um
but I'd never expected to catch like a
two-week banned me like that but when I
talked to the guy was like he'll like
how do I get instantly to week bantha
this he's like oh well you know you've
got like three warnings on your account
from other things and it's like oh well
I'd never been told of any of this yeah
well yeah he told me he went back and
told me but I'd never been contacted
about any of these warnings in my
account so I had like no [ __ ] I had
before obvious obviously you would know
and you probably wouldn't do it again
right yeah but they but yeah I don't
know yeah some pretty Mimi [ __ ]
a one occasion with gross score I'm sure
you remember it I mean the whole
scenario thing you had an altercation
with breasts Cory oh no not me
personally but like when he got
permabanned off of twitch oh yeah I
followed it very closely I feel very
strong like he had like three warnings
or something like that but they never
actually like contest contacted him
about it yeah that sounds like - but I
didn't get permabanned his warnings were
[ __ ] you though listen listen gross
score you have three warnings on this
one issue right like one issue of you
quote-unquote harassing other people if
you do it again you will be banned think
about it before he does it again yeah
that's why I'm saying that like from him
keep that in mind
yeah and fundamentally I think every
streamer wants to be on Twitch is a good
sigh I don't want to get banned from
twitch and more than that I want twitch
to like me I want to be viewed as an
asset on their platform so yeah if I'm
[ __ ] up let me know and I'll change
my [ __ ] real fast you know
