I see a ton of people saying that I'm a
pedophile it's not really something I'm
worried that much about I know that I'm
not a pedophile I'm a raising kids
recently or at all I don't rape kids
ever okay never make in my life okay
five hundred bucks yeah my thirst messed
up now I have to go I'm jumping back in
[Music]
Andrew yang he's like the guy that
[ __ ] is like comes to class to do the
presentation but he didn't do anything
of a project and you're like he's just
standing there letting everybody else
take credit for it
he is totally out of place here he's
gone would you delete a picture
you wouldn't do it No why the [ __ ] you
give up my masturbation habits if we've
already broken up [ __ ] you just
delete it you're gonna [ __ ] share it
why would they care about my
masturbation habits how about how about
why leave their bodies to themselves
their bodies are there I'm not [ __ ]
raping anybody what the [ __ ] true are
you a true or a false ur a fall sir
a fall sir unbelievable
yesterday no two days ago when we were
at the whatever natives dance that was
like the dumbest thing I've ever seen in
my life
dan walks up to the counter and he's
like
I want a heavy pour I want you to [ __ ]
my drink up and he throws a fiver on the
table and the guys like okay you know
what I'll give you a real heavy pour and
so um the guy pours I'm a ton of alcohol
and then he gives it to Dan and Dan's
like thanks and mr. buttons like thanks
and then he grabs the five and they walk
away sets me apart from all my
colleagues running in this race that is
for the last 21 years I've been raising
a black son in America 2009 2010 2011
like these were amazing years of
recovery for companies but for the
workers it's like wait what the [ __ ] why
does it still feel like we're in a
recession that was like the feeling that
I got like my 401k benefits got raped
[Music]
what is this
oh is this this is like RPG maker some
real chess is about to be played please
this yes in its purist rawest form an
inescapably beautiful form just can't be
matched by anything else you left but
for like for mental illness stuff
unfortunately like you can't really do
anything like the other person it's kind
of a shitty catch-22 is really the other
person has to make that decision and
oftentimes they're not like in a mental
state where they even want to make that
decision but like you can't cure a
friend of like mental illness right like
you can't do something to make them you
know I mean you can help them in the day
to day things I mean like the best thing
you can try to do is to convince
somebody that they need to get help
right it's the only way to do it it has
to be something that they are in charge
of maybe occasionally like hanging out
with friends can like bring them up or
maybe occasionally something can like
bring them up but for the most part
their baseline is I wish I was [ __ ]
dead so like when you're living like
this type of lifestyle when your
baseline is like I mean I want to be
alive and doing things obviously duh
right well like certain types of mental
illness or people afflicted with certain
types of mental illness would be like I
mean I would obviously rather be dead
duh right and and these brief little
like pull ups aren't really enough to
tell somebody like oh just look forward
to the good days just look forward to
the good days you know it's it's a it's
a it's a totally different mindset no we
went to the waterfall where they were
born in a helicopter we're both born
if you really knew I do know them right
you don't know them dancing milk and
shut the [ __ ] I'm so sick of your gun I
really want to be done but this is like
dude you can't fall for this and an
adult let them get brothers listen and
then is fighting in chat we need to help
him okay we need to help him okay
don't get baited by women that do this
okay
standing straight up lift in the leg
don't get fooled by the leg lift don't
get fooled by the pants that are
literally hugging a [ __ ]
that are being eaten by the ass versus
like the swimsuits or whatever that hat
don't let don't let it happen okay
don't let it happen we have to save our
brother and an N okay don't let him fall
down this hole hey is Nathan on your
Amazon account
did a few hours ago did you order five
nights at freddys five nights at
freddy's - five nights at freddy's 3
five nights at freddy's 4 crook just to
keep my own that I write if I lived in a
house that was 200k and I'm paying taxes
on it and all of a sudden that house is
worth 2 million dollars and I can't
afford the taxes on it my thought is
like [ __ ] dude I'm gonna [ __ ] move
my [ __ ] like yeah like if I can't afford
the taxes because I'm that poor because
my property is that rich I'm gonna
[ __ ] sell the property that's a
no-brainer
that's it that's the easiest [ __ ]
decision I will have ever made in my
entire life like yeah like there's no
way to balance that you guys are saying
again just move but yeah [ __ ] move
because you have the money it's right
there it's in an asset we [ __ ] sell
it like you know look I know that I'm
helping some people sell books sure I
mean you're supposed to be supposedly
your really big online but I haven't
seen Steven Crowder respond to your
debate challenge at all yet so I'm sure
we're gonna do a special report on that
suit actually there's more to that story
and I have the receipts okay how did I
read his check all I feel so special and
this camera says my name is this what
you guys feel we need when I call you
out
I felt so good there this is what
parasocial relationships feel like do
you think that should be like a number
one [ __ ] issue the fact that we are
in America and we have mentally [ __ ]
people roaming the streets without
places to live it's like probably one of
the most disgusting things about this
country it's super [ __ ] that I Drive
around here on Hawaii or [ __ ] LA
there are homeless people in tents
yeah that's insane to me that that I'm
surprised I'm just surprised I'm like an
optics point of view that that's not
something like oh this is like the worst
thing in a [ __ ] world moot
trust me on this now come trust me come
come come come
Tristan now the the best thing the Irish
laddie ever did is he was having a very
serious conversation I think with that
chick right she was like click listen
you know if you ever need a friend I'm
there I'm ready to help you out I
understand this is like a really rough
time for you and like you need a lot of
psychological support she's like okay
thanks and he's like by the way let me
know if you want to see my dog what's up
can you name it kay Torino or Catherine
high-tier that's cool
don't don't let this happen whatever
this is okay your moustache the hair I
could be wrong in this as a preference
for me I don't like it growing over into
my [ __ ] mouth maybe some people like
that I don't okay Destin you rock -
goatee for years my dad your no position
to judge a goatee is 10 trillion times
better than this okay
also post your Facebook or your band
okay I common courtesies are dumb as
[ __ ] like when parents ask you you're
like if you're trying to have a kid with
your husband that's really [ __ ] weird
like why are you asking me am I [ __ ]
if I'm cream pieing my [ __ ]
girlfriend right now that's really
[ __ ] strange like yeah I don't know
it's like it's funny because I got one
hand all of us will say like oh yeah I
mean like you know kids are dumb high
school libertarians you know high school
