hello everybody and welcome to empires
of Arcadia how are you guys doing
tonight I'm good how are you I am
excellent I have been waiting all week
for this I'm excited about today's
session we're gonna have do some more
River travel we're gonna get to a new
city hopefully we're gonna face down a
dragon there's all sorts of good stuff
coming up but before we hop into any of
that does anyone have any good stories
or gossip from the last week to share
with the party good stories or gossip
like good stories nos what are you
looking for here man ha no do you have
like an interesting experience at a
restaurant that is worthy of sharing
with people that didn't happen this past
week hi boo
I don't got that I wasn't talking about
anything in particular I'm giving you an
example I went to Reno and played some
poker that was fun I could hang out my
good friend Andy Milonakis you probably
know him cuz he voiced a character on
adventure time I think it's what he's
famous phone and uh yeah what about you
guys what you guys do how cool what what
you what you cut out as Aaron talked
over you okay
I was ready saying I do games that did
you hang it with any other cool people
oh um yeah but I only mention anything
so okay what were you talking about
suzerainty I just did I play video games
does it all I do is this what about you
Devenish you got to carry us through
this Devon I said in deep meditation
over how to be a better goblin for this
episode okay and what did the universe
tell you I read the entire dama Peeta
backwards and it informed me on what I
should do today oh and how to better
embody what is grub okay and if grub is
indeed grub bovis crab that's right
mm-hmm isn't the crow half spot that's
the existential new card game which is
always exciting since I'm like card game
player that's like the best news right
yeah yeah pretty much yeah I also feel
like out of everybody on Twitch you're
the best card game player like you
understand the game at a higher level
than anyone else i watch on Twitch now
imagine how sad when your background is
an RTS and you know they will never
release a game for you hmm
that's my ex tree it's coming next month
doesn't it what I'll see you at Blizzcon
four will get to see the new RTS oh boy
maybe it's dark grab three or maybe
something completely new Wow yeah well
say you're doing a new RTS no they're
not okay thank God we can only hope wait
so it's you if you are you gonna play
Warcraft three or four destiny even
because it's type of clean arts yes
I never unfortunate never played
Warcraft there's gonna be hype for that
game for all of like for 36 hours so I
don't know if it's worth it for me grab
he's probably gonna go back and still
overhears anyway so [ __ ] fair enough
there's no ARPGs coming I'm excited for
that what are what refugees and didn't
really have the images of one as well oh
yeah they're supposedly working on a
fuckton I very tentative yeah and then
we have like butt pad that makes about
4.0 Lost Ark is being released in Russia
do you hablo for hopefully you're gonna
be the the RPG god man that's the dream
gambler for it oh [ __ ] yeah I'm gonna
bring the old crew back together you
know I was gonna play Diablo 3 with we
were gonna de zero it it was me a guy
from Starcraft name debo and then a guy
that played league with me called
phantom Lord oh my god I need a vote
yeah alright maybe I could still friends
me on today maybe I'll come back and
play I'll play with you destiny but yeah
when yellow 4 comes on we can do that
crew plus mate Oh Mary go the key is to
like you have to know like right before
it releases you need to wake up so
you're ready for a 24 hour stream 12
hours after release so that the servers
are up that's the key hey what do you
mean 24 hours dream oh yeah you're right
you got it
because that's about all probably
because after Diablo 3 I got bored of
that game in like [ __ ] three days
holy [ __ ]
a dumpster fire era 37 era 37 okay all
right what's up well enough of that
stuff let's get out of those swampy
grounds and into our own swampy grounds
you are floating down the river we're
last we left the party you had been
through a couple of encounters there was
one where there was like a laid out in a
slow-moving section of river with us
some small islands in the middle we were
attacked by lizard folk and crocodiles
and then you were ambushed again well
maybe not ambushed but attacked again by
electric eel hounds on a waterfall
crossing and also had to battle your way
through a shambling mound both of which
you never get it with tremendous success
and so we will meet up with the party
later the next day still floating down
the river everyone has had a short rest
so if anyone needs to expend hit dice go
ahead and roll your head dice to regain
any lost HP and once we're done with
that we will get into the action
we're having a shred rest yep you've had
a short rest between the last encounter
and right now is some HP oops
accidentally rolled the second one
didn't mean to do it
good all right so next step is to go
down the river a little bit further is
there anything you want to do in
preparation before you keep heading down
the river how far away are we you are
this is your last day on the river so we
have one full day of travel left not
even a full day like a quarter day of
travel M can I check back and make sure
that like everybody is traveling okay we
haven't like lost anybody there's no
chance of any of that right like you
have not lost anybody yes okay can we
those laser for the last stretch and
just like take extra care to like not
damaged
absolutely that'll increase your passive
perception and your passive stealth by
five each and where did I hide my dice
I think we should do that later I'm not
there why this won't be safe yeah thumbs
fair supposedly there's a dragon
attacking around you okay and it is a
good thing that you go slow because as
you head down the river it begins to
narrow and the walls the banks of the
river gets steeper until you find
yourself in a relatively quick moving
Canyon your patience and diligence pays
off as you manage to carefully slow the
boat down against this one sort of
recess and you can see just beyond there
is an island in the middle of the river
that kind of reaches up maybe 20 feet or
so
with tall trees on the top of it and at
the base of the island is sort of like a
spiraling ramp that leads up to it a
little beach landing at the bottom and
on that beach landing is the biggest
crocodile you have ever seen it is huge
by game standards and adjacent to the
crocodile are a pair of lizard folk
warriors and a lizard folks shaman just
sort of chillin gazing upriver almost
like they're waiting for something to be
coming down I will bring you to a map
that can show you that did we already
alright I guess it doesn't matter now
run what do we do experience for last
session I'm guessing but when you gain a
level until a long rest right we got
2000 we went up to 2012 experience for
everybody if you look up ahead
on the river you can see this landing
there's a big ol croc they're a bunch of
lizard folk you can't see what's on top
of the island because it's a little too
high up for you to spot anything huh are
we supposed to see are these like spell
slots is that what this is they are
spell slots and that's the only way I
can keep track of them without being a
mess so you just get to know how many
spell slots enemies have left it's just
gonna be a small perk that you guys get
that is the think crocodile yeah it's
got a big fat tail it's not really
waving it around though is just kind of
perched on the ground staring a mobile
almost statue like if it wasn't for the
HP bar okay this is the plan we capture
big greeny and Grubbs Grubbs gets new
needs to ride capture big greenie how do
you plan on doing that grub I talked to
it grabs talks to Crocs how are you
gonna get enough to talk to the
crocodile without the shaman seeing you
just gal your yeah yell real loud that
is a terrible idea we should really try
this
speeding best well hold on we can't
speed past we need to go up into this
island right I imagine is this where we
need to go the village is above no you
want to keep going down the river you
could truck past but your trail of
followers will be coming after you you
want to just try and look at past them
and hope no one gets taken out you can
absolutely try and run the gauntlet or
any other solution that you guys can
come up with okay here how about we go
on land like west of where the crocodile
is and I have a shovel we can dig a trap
because if that crocodile goes down a
hole it's not getting back up it's just
not it's not gonna climb a hole that's
true Crocs can't climb Crockett wait so
you want to go on land and dig a big
hole for the crocodile to fall into yeah
it's brilliant yeah literally just gonna
be in the hole how are we gonna ever the
trout like with leaves or we'll make
fashion and net or something yeah we'll
put leaves and some sticks on it's a
crocodile let's go in there do we know I
look at Vaughn and I saw these two
amateurs clearly do not know the ways of
combat
I may not know the ways of combat I'm
really going to live I want to know if
Krug can speak to this crocodile thing
yeah yeah grub speaks grubs speaks lots
of green languages also also here here
here
why does short goblins have hard time
raising a family because they struggle
to put food on the table if you don't
already have inspiration take it
I will give you inspiration for every
good gobbling joke you can give me oh
man so he said I write iteration so far
[Laughter]
ok I understand your reservations
Eidolon but I think we should allow
Grubb to try to communicate with the
green maybe he can actually talk to it
hey well if we're going to do that we
could have the trap set up all right
shot in that field right now ok the folk
make a perception check thank your grub
and they shade their eyes the Spock
hello-o crocodile are you casting a
spell no and crocodile says nothing
hey this one this is antisocial
crocodile we gotta get closer
well grub how close do you think we can
get without a croc is a gamer ok idle
one I think it's a time for Plan B we
need to abort this win can we pull back
out of range
no the river is narrowed and it is quite
Swift turning your boat around and
trying to go upstream at this point
would be fruitless if we get closer I
can hit it with my stick but it listens
can we go on London hope that they don't
like faces instantly there are tall
canyon walls about 15 feet high you'd
have to like stabilize the boat and let
one person at a time try and climb up
you might be able to do it you'd have a
hard time getting the boat you might not
be able to get the boat up
oh wait if we come around this island is
there a beach are we supposed to be able
to see that you should know you're
seeing all the things that you're
supposed to see okay you can't see past
the island or through the island sure
grabs grub is on the boat it's like
shaking out some rocks and some sticks
and is doing a speak with animals ritual
kind of accident ritual will take you
ten minutes you feel comfortable
chilling on the boat next to these
creatures who have spotted you do it and
grout resin care I don't know what
they're gonna do but that's what good so
I've kind of docked the boat I'm going
to really lightly paddle around just to
see if there's flat land to the west
here okay that all canyon wall the whole
way it's all this okay you see I'm
hanging huh how far up is this you can
another the ruler thing it's no no I'm
asking the wall yeah the height of the
wall oh that's maybe like eight feet
right there from River level to the the
top of this area is 20 feet and this is
like a slow-moving ramp so this is a
little less than halfway up I guess you
can't see the top of the ramp the one so
the river is Swift here and it will
carry you forward I'm gonna need an
athletics check to keep you like if
you're gonna backpedal and stay in one
place I'm gonna need a dc-10 athletics
check every round to keep you not losing
forward momentum keep you from gaining
forward momentum tugs on eidelons club
you know Crocs make good shoes they call
them Crocs take your inspiration away
sorry getting rid of it by fun prepare
your longbow and aim with me wait who we
aiming at the obvious targets have I
taught you nothing
wait the targets and decide for yourself
which is the move where I speak if I
speak to the big one here's the thing we
tells it Grubbs gives it's lots of meats
and then it eats the big the Greenies
okay me and Zaya one does he have a
longer yeah sure I have my longer but
it's like down right now I haven't drawn
the the string yet okay
well I'm like I've drawn my long though
and I'm waiting on you okay okay if you
want to fire along buzz you have to
stand up in the canoe to do it which
means you can't paddle and you will be
drifting down river that's fun okay the
party is now drifting down river okay I
take my long boat and I aim at the
cleric and we fire shots fire
caster as well all right the two of you
stand and fire those are both excellent
shots that will hit the clerk for 13
points of damage and I will need both of
you to make me dexterity saving throws
you're both standing up in a boat and
firing a bow it's a little wobbly give
me decks checks not deck safes not fall
in Trump is fines eyes good but it looks
like our warrior Vaughn tips the canoe
and splashes in the water and we're
gonna roll initiative it was the time
for action
how do I do that click on your token and
click the initiative button in the upper
left hand corner probably all related
everybody because this is the marching
order you guys had last suggested I
never agreed to this
good luck it's not the right time to be
asking why am I in front was a while ago
as this this is this is ridiculous okay
first up is the lizard folk shaman and
let's see how far y'all are from it's a
hundred and fifteen feet do you have
that range on any of your spell's little
buddy I have a picture first up with the
three initiative oh I'm sorry I'm doing
this the wrong way fifth edition is
highest initiative first go for it grub
thank you Joe man go up I don't see me a
little bit I don't see you on the list
either let's try you again I'll add you
manually sort it out later grub you are
the first one to go Oh hmm what you
gonna do
mm-hmm I'm going to do a group
initiative so Grubb has ruled for the
whole party and then so all the party
goes and then all the monsters go I
forgot we're doing group initiative go
for it
that's right am I able to climb back on
the boat and then take another shot
it'll be an action to climb in the boat
the boat
absolutely have you ever climbed in a
boat from being outside of it in the
canoe yes I'm very Swift in light I just
hop right on up feels like a bonus I
thought all life to me oh then you must
have a special boat climbing proficiency
cuz I look like a beached whale trying
to get back in a canoe okay I understand
I suppose those found my action then to
get back in the boat athletics oh
critted that's got to be a bonus actions
like we're credit it's a bonus I sure I
just wound up back on the boat and the
night with my boat already drawn and
before I even land on the boat I take a
shot in the air and that's why I miss
[Laughter]
all right anybody else Rob I think I'm
out of range
so gratin I'll take another shot awesome
Shh beside the boat and says what what
harder than a goblin in a tavern the
cast barks gun on himself
all right you are bark skinned nice and
idle on hospitals well it's the best way
of life thing ranging in well hockey was
it it's the circle with the ruler going
through it and then just click-and-drag
already lost my inspiration zone 120 in
my line is 80 well that's all right you
will be floating down the river at a
rate of 45 feet per round so at the end
of this round we'll just move the canoe
45 feet closer to the enemy
if you want to wait until if you want to
ready in action until you're within
range that's fine already a crossbow
shot that the famine perfect all right
the lizards go the big crocodile
continues to chill these two will come
and take a guarding position in front of
this shaman putting themselves before it
making it much harder to hit the shaman
here the shaman now has 50% cover so I
think that's a minus five to hit and
they won't do anything except for the
shaman who will cast how far can you
throw produce flame what's the range on
that spell ten minutes thirty feet no
all right oh you are out of range of all
of their spells so end of the round
comes and you will go 5 10 15 20 25 30
35 40 45 50 and at the end of the round
eidelons fell goes off or crossbow goes
off are you aiming at the shaman all
right he's got plus 5 do is AC because
of the cover why don't you roll me
rolled a hit dude goes wide splashes in
the water shot lost
we have actions parties turn again yes
grub is going to cast a spell a very
powerful spell that's it is on my sheet
someone else wants to do something I see
fire crossbow again same thing we should
work off the smaller targets grab me
casts what range we at Coby from the
shaman is 70 feet oh I can do so many
things
mmm mmm no one taking action anyone
taken a pod casts entangle ooh excellent
grind tackle is a 20 foot or 40 foot 90
feet out and
it is a 20 foot square so I want to hit
all the Goblin I want to hit all the the
guards and the shaman all right is an
integer do you get like bonus to hit or
anything or like advantage er no yeah
it's advantage if there is trend oh yeah
yeah yes if they are restrained you get
advantage against him so just steer the
boat otherwise the boats just gonna head
down the river and just like bypass the
island altogether by the way the boat is
not self-steering okay I thought it was
going towards the island the natural
course the river will pull it in the
other direction I will make saving
throws for could I paddle us like
slightly so back up the river so we
don't like keep going towards the big
crocodile what is your need to be
chasing us into the water
what is your spell safety see Devon I
don't know I oh my god yeah it is where
I'm gonna find it for you I'm gonna
publicly embarrass you over to do that
clever you show them right there where
in front of your face you see your
character sheet is it on the spells tab
yeah was it on the the big giant spell
save DC yeah but not that big it's giant
it's the biggest font out there yeah it
needs to be bigger
alright alright
v what were you saying this is um can I
like keep the boat from length going
downriver if I they use my entire turn
on that feel like I'm gonna need you to
make me in athletics check d c---ten to
keep the boat steady up banner aim no
don't turn around just like what this
reverse yeah
do you see 15 to go backwards do soo
tend to maintain standing still this is
a very Swift section of river alright
athletic yes no not only do you fail you
fail miserably you drop one of your
paddles into the water now all you can
do is steer the boat but it's gonna go
downriver no matter what wait I could
use an action
to steer it right did you want to also
reverse direction um yeah I'll try it
yeah to reverse direction okay give me
an athletics check d c---ten you managed
to keep the boat standing still for this
round what happened on the untangle it
went off and the caster was not caught
in it he passed but the other two failed
and I will mark them as entangled so was
that a full action to do that that was
your action you said you were gonna
spend your action on it right yeah okay
I'm going to take advantage of the
entangle and shoot the one in front of
the shaman excellent seventeen will hit
for 11 wow that's a lot of piercing
damage you almost kill him there goes
right into his sternum then those are
drops to his knees the roots go over his
calves and he's permanently in a
kneeling position it is the monsters
turn and the giant crocodile slips into
the water and disappears underneath the
waves oh let's do we make a reception
check to see him moving or if you would
like to make a perception check you may
it's not going too deep oh yeah
the crocodile is coming right towards
you but he does have to swim upriver in
a difficult position so you can see that
he gets to I think about here and go
about half speed so he gets to there on
that round the two lizards in the
grasping vines area have no action this
round they're stuck and so the shaman
will book it and head up the hill
leaving us with the party's turn a giant
bear inside the canoe you're gonna jump
in the water as a bear can bear swim
he'll reach swimmers sounds good to me
let's go all right
grub roll me 40 10 plus 12 for your HP I
sure
I find my cross but the already low HP
dude okay
forty and forty that's your HP bar nine
is a miss Shh splash I'll go ahead and
take a shot at the low HP guy on the
right is wait how far does our boat move
if nobody interacts with it 45 feet okay
I'll use my athletics attendant it's not
gonna beat it will take a turn left I'll
try to I'll try to hold it steady
actually I'll try to aim it to Beach it
on the right I guess can I do that
wouldn't we hit on the right yeah way
that's two requiring action no your turn
would be to steer it and propel it in
that direction okay do any press an
athletic kick what no to go downriver
you're good can grab attack the
crocodile I guess yeah it's a bonus
actions from try to transform grub bites
the crocodile in the water sharks and
space bears in the water with crocodiles
it's crazy twenty holy [ __ ] the
crocodile with your kids are pointy
teeth roll some damage how click on
their attack next to the 26 oh wow as
well as damage to the croc and the flaws
dig in like 13 is not enough to hit they
dig in but the crocodiles hide is thick
and its jaws are filled with sharp
gnashing teeth that keep your delicate
bare paws away from its mouth um did you
do I think it's just sigh yeah I'll take
a shot at the right one as well okay and
since you have a long boat please make
me that decks check while you do it 18
will hit 5 damage it is near to dead and
you can manage to keep yourself stable
in the boat which is a difficult task
and then I'm gonna lose my action to
steer the boat towards the island so
that yes fresh is that Alright it is the
monsters turn and the crocodile is gonna
go first
it'll make one bite with its massive
jaws at the bear 21 for 21 points of
damage and you are
rappelled by the crocodile who just
sinks its teeth into your side and then
uses its movement to drag you under the
water you are now both submerged oh it's
gonna move you guys off over here
hopefully you won't run out of air
wait why did he move over there because
they're underwater and I just want to
move them away from that area so it
wouldn't be confusing okay they're just
submerged somewhere can you can you move
us to the island yes cuz it is the end
of the round now okay and you guys will
propel yourselves here the boat will
pull up on the little shore and we will
roll into the next round and we see
where the crocodile and the bear
actually are grab there somewhere
underwater okay just making sure you
don't have everything totally submerged
okay those two creatures are still
entangled by the looks of it yes they
are and they are struggling to get
themselves out but they cannot actually
they get saving throws every round to
get out fail fail fail and fail yeah
they're still stuck well acid splash
both of them okay are they sixty feet is
range yep that is do you see 13
dexterity saving throws for the lizard
folk let's check there saves 10 and 15
the first one will take 2 points of
damage the second one is fine out what
are grubs options here
what are we done sure under water being
pulled by a crocodile so what can I do
your options grub you got to get to
shore we'll kill these two creatures I
guess Rob is gonna try to break free and
disengage okay alright it's a DC 16
escape attempt which I believe is in
athletics or acrobatics attempt for a
bear for a bear
how do you you just do a strength or a
dex jack is it not sure how do I do it
how do I pull up the stats on the bear
again just go to the character sheet tab
for the bear where's that Oh should be
in the journal where your other
character sheet is or you can double
click on your token so I need to edit a
strength check yeah
DC 16 no you are trapped by the croc
that was really busted in Phi B instead
of inspiration no you took it away
terrible joke oh I'm gonna grab nothing
oh my god I'm so sorry
is there any disadvantage to punching
people while in the water while swimming
I guess punching yeah I would say if you
were underwater you'd have to make the
attack of disadvantage or rather I mean
hitting you know the core stuff is that
the same yeah I would say bludgeoning
weapons underwater or at disadvantage to
hit okay whoever I deleted my whole map
can you bring it back what have you done
I drew a shape on accident I tried to
delete the shape deleted the whole map
deleted your token and you've lost
vision oh there you go thank you can't
attack or anything chrome expenses turn
doing an escape a chat attempts right my
god was your an action to break the
grapple right I guess yeah yeah okay
everybody else I'm gonna do my 30 feet
of movement I think I can go up here yep
and then I'm gonna take a shot at the
weekend guy over here to the right
alrighty
[Music]
okay sorry bow attack you have advantage
and that's still a Miss can I go ahead
and throw a die here a superiority die
prestigious yes 17 will hit alright and
then one with some damage damage for
there we go the lizard folk dies on the
spot still entangled falls backwards and
the grass
vine just pull the body closer to the
earth zai will shoot the next one for
seven points of damage also unleash a
shot at the other one
excellent and last but not least Idol on
growth is gone grub is under water
somewhere what you gonna do they already
go didn't I do the essence though you
didn't yeah squash I'm sorry I thought
that was lost around my mistake all
right
this round the crocodile will attempt to
bite you again mr. bear attack and
grapple in the same turn you're in its
teeth right so it's grappled you by
biting you and so it will just chomp
well I read that it can't do that in 5e
it cannot bite another target like a
different person like if it bites you
and you're grappled then it can't bite
the guy next to you while maintaining
the grapple on you but I can chomp you
again
you sound fire silence disappointed in
the ruling you take 19 points of damage
and you break bear form the little
goblin is free and floating in the water
and not grappled by the crocodile
because you're much smaller than a bear
so now you are free but that was the
crocodiles turn and the monsters turn
you will see calming down the ramp are
multiple lizard folk wait but what about
his bark skin it's does that make him
not hit this pork skin ooh just parks
can apply while you are in bear form I
hate to do this but I cast it in tango
which was another concentrations to all
sexual networks but there we go it'd be
advantageous to meet a lie but I'm not
going to yeah I appreciate your honesty
yeah take one inspiration for that
moment I wish I think you wish why don't
you make some concentration checks on
that entangle why the shaman oh oh
because he cast the entangle and he got
bit twice yes that's a great idea you
want to make some concentration checks
Devon how Constitution check DC is ten
plus half the damage you took
right is that it
those will be fails the entangle is gone
you're free Thank You Trump all right
the wounded lizard folk will go to the
back of the formation thanks chop the
other ones line up ready to fight you
guys
that is their turn and as the parties
turn again perfect what do you guys want
to do you got a whole squad of lizard
folk coming down the hill towards you
you still don't see the castor grub is
missing there's a giant crocodile in the
water yes I shut up i grub must
understand what he is doing is a master
tactician and at that moment grub does a
drug use it is pops out of the way then
use this nimble escape as a bonus sector
disengage and then uses this full -
movement to get back to the beach but
he's screaming grub screaming crumb
screams no idea what grubs doing
excellent I knew Grove would be able
there well we clearly can't fight the
crocodile in the water so we have to
advance forward I see no other way yeah
I have no spells at all all right aha I
know spells you're a sorcerer you should
have a ton of spells I don't know oh
that's tough can I take my thirty sand
in my pants if I take my thirty feet
forward I can attack this guy to the top
right of me with my halberd or no you
have reached with the halberd then yes
and it is a reach weapon so yes yes you
can all right I will take a hit 17 to
hit that will do it you knock the shield
aside hit the lizard poke underneath for
eight points of damage blood trickles
down the chest like I would also like to
throw
a die here for a disarming attack to
pick up a thing is it just a um it's
just like a bonus section to pick up a
weapon right you get one free object
interaction like you can open a door you
can pick something up we get one of
those per round for free okay in that
case I'll just do a trip attack to knock
him over
okay trip attack so I believe 2 damage
is added to the total and he is tripped
yes he must make a strength saving throw
which is a 13 I think that is probably
your DC yeah that's gonna be DC so he
passes and remain standing
okay I got him think you can use spell
slots sorcery points to get spell slots
already does no one left
yep none I mean I throw it with three
and it's the two to recovery or level
one and I so I kinda used my one oh he's
all for spell slots in the last battle
yep alright well you kind of needed it
at that point
well on his direct inward to escape the
crocodile I swiftly move up alongside
him and I shoot head that wounded one
yeah look at these battle tactics for
for damage to the lizard folk you graze
him over the shoulder but between the
chest wound the shoulder wound that
lizard folk is almost done here over to
my quarter staff at this play here yeah
okay I say I think I will actually I
lasted special need wounded one and the
one next to it oh right II they will
both make saves fail and I got a double
check their decks fail and fail fire
damage alright so this first one dies
and the one next to it you said also
takes five right
it is the lizard folk turn
so how do they do this the front line
comes charging into the player
characters like that
I do believe no you don't have sentinels
so that doesn't yet that doesn't provoke
an attack of opportunity moving into
your range does it nope
I wish alarm and all I'm asked to does
not do that yeah all right
so the wait I'm so wrong actually they
do when you're willing at glaive hubbard
Pike or I guess I got other could use
provoke an opportunity attack from you
when they enter your reach there you go
so one of these guys will provoke an
away from you
okay so the weak one on the top left
sure Oh is gonna go ahead and get a
halberd hit 21 hits you chop into its
right thigh it limps towards you and
stabs at you with a spear do I do I get
to use my bonus but action or does that
take a bonus action I can take some
bonus action alright
rolls a twenty to hit you with his spear
which will hit you for five points of
damage and then will stab you again
because lizard folk have multi attack
the second attack is a 22 hits you for
seven points of damage
the next lizard folk to you will also
hit you for six and his second attack is
a Miss and the two ons I first one
brings the spear in a slashing motion
across your chest with a 17 note that
for four points of damage and then
whirls it around and tries to stab you
in the foot with a thirteen to hit oh
good sixteen may see alright and the
second lizard folk hits you with a 23
for six damage and with a twenty-one for
four damage good rolls today brutal and
that is when from up above on the
clifftops
motes of fire are tossed down on to idle
on and on to grub I long that's an 18 to
hit you for nine point
- fire damaged sweet Jesus an apple pie
and the next one will produce flame on
grub
which is I guess you can't see the
attack coming so that is a 16 to hit you
grub because it is coming from directly
above these everything grub see up grub
see down can't tell grab what grub don't
see krump certainly sees the fire coming
from above now he would no longer are
gonna be surprised by these flaming
balls being dropped down on you from
above rebel take five idol take nine
what does our dear friend the crocodile
do he's not super smart but he is a
predator this round he is still looking
for the bear he's a little confused croc
is confused and that is the end of the
monsters turn it becomes the players
turn and it's lastly to those ones okay
they will get saves that is a 14 and a 9
so the first one passes the second one
fails and we'll take for damage a move
are there dead lizards
bye bye the monk buys I there's dead
those are people there are two dead
lizard folk let me move these tokens so
you can see them more appropriately I'm
can I move under that plan so like
whatever hitting me from above can't see
me the shrubs a little small for that
it's like a you know like up against the
cliffside oh yeah you won't like back up
against the cliff and yes yeah I mean if
something's gonna hit me from above it
better be peaking perfect yeah they can
back up against if you back against the
cliff they will have disadvantage and
you will have cover so they'll be making
attacks at disadvantage and - probably
five most impossible to hit I'm sorry
for the yeah for these magical spells do
they need a line of sight yes they do
for produce flames so at some point one
of them had like peek over and see you
but no one was really looking up the
cliffs waiting for something to pop over
so you were all taken by surprise
okay claims push push lizard push big
greenie into into blue and then big
greenie croc eats lizard grub have
actual idea
push push body into green water and then
grub starts running 30 feet right 5 10
20 25 30 and then turns into another
giant bear roll me some more HP bear
we're all 40 10 plus 12 yes 32 ooh
slightly below average okay our body
croc eats trust gobble gobble eat any
meat cos gobbled up to push body and
croc go for me as much as I would like
to listen to him I have too many enemies
before me so I will swing at the top
left guy alrighty i halberd 19 to hit
definitely a hit twelve points of damage
just enough to kill the lizard folk
above you
okay I'm gonna use my second wind as a
bonus action instead of doing a thing
but attack alright so I think that's
three HP back not super great okay
that's I think that's all I have at the
moment no I'm gonna use my action search
your Technic out at the top right
actually sorry okay so top right is
going to be or actually can I am I able
to move through or no can I move through
people no not through enemies nope okay
then yeah I'll do my action search and
I'll take the guy in the top right 19 to
hit again perfect hit 9 points for
damage I would like to say most kills
them this is a trip attack so I will add
the damage for the security guy this is
my last one Koivu so 8 damage does it
yeah and he falls to the ground the trip
attack is successful nice oh wait have I
used three of these or four of these you
that was your last one are you sure yeah
because the last time it said one
superior already died left yeah I just
realized because I've been deleting that
myself but then when I click it I notice
that it takes one two so
automatically tracking them so that it's
only your one to do the third yeah it's
your third one today okay cool so I have
one okay I won't manually subjected
anyway I don't know they do that okay
perfect okay hi I try to get that one to
my right with the corner step oh wait
one more thing oh my god I'm so sorry I
didn't realize this I rolled a hit die
instead of my second wind I I think it's
actually the say yeah okay cool alright
so I feel your level plus a d-10 got you
okay alright yeah I'm done all right so
I'm just swinging it with my quarter
stuff
yeah ten is no good okay I'm using my
I'm going to use a flurry of blows here
so in a rapid-fire pace I'm going to
immediately follow up the corner stuff
with two punches punch this tenesmus and
punch nine is Miss you box with the
lizard folk and just keeps the Wicker
shield in front of them taking your
blows and giving ground slowly but
surely okay and then I will after that
step into a defense formation with
patient defense okay idle on you said
you want to move against the wall and
press yourself to it what else do you
want to do because you you still have
your action and your bonus section no I
already attacked oh you already asked to
splashed right that was the start of the
round and what about you grow but you
still have in action left hmm while
Jim's action and you moved could I use
my bonus actions to start climbing above
me hmm
you could use your movement to climb
above you yeah totally
I need give me an athletics or an
acrobatics check and that will determine
how much movement it takes to climb the
cliff very dirty wet rocky mess
acrobatics a fire then do it
21 oh that is fantastic you how you were
right here
you'll get at the end by the end of this
round you will be peeking your head
slightly over the top you'll be just a
few feet from like you'll be at level
with the surface but not quite all the
way on top can you see what's above now
yeah yeah they can't see me all right
who can't who's they
the the shaman and stuff well you're
pulling yourself up on a Ledge right
next to him so yeah he can see you oh
okay the lizard folks turn nope I don't
have a patient defense on whether I was
an extra bonus action so never mind
ah I see okay restore your key point
that it took away from you track some
lizard folks and crocodiles turn alright
the crocodile gives up on the
non-existent bear besides it's not worth
chasing down something that doesn't
exist and will swim to shore you can get
here sees what's going on sees the bear
and comes for the bear but he can't move
and attack in the same round so he just
gets to the bear the lizard folk the two
of them that are on sigh will keep
skewering him because it looks like it's
working and nine that will miss you a 15
no good I'm 16 I'm 16 right he slashes
and pokes with his spear but it does not
strike home and the other one also goes
for you with a 13 to hit and a natural
one and they try and press into you but
they can't get anywhere near you you're
just too fast you nimble little guy
this lizard folk at the back is gonna
come on in and fill in the gaps tend to
hit that misses I think yep it's a miss
you will strike you with a 17-2 hit for
3 points of damage and the second attack
will come in with a 14 to hit which is
no good okay I'm sorry
8 and 4 is 12 not 14 over here on the
the upper side where party can't quite
see right now there's a bunch of lizards
and the first ones gonna
over here and you just kick you off the
ledge he just goes and takes his foot
and tries to stomp on your hands
hmm so why don't you give me an opposed
acrobatics or athletics check whichever
one you'd like versus the lizard folk
who rolls crappy even with advantage and
you pass wildly so he goes to stomp on
your feet but those big fat lizard
clause you know they they're not hard
boots they're kind of soft and it's just
like swishes you over and over again the
next lizard is gonna come over here and
he's just gonna stab you with a ten
ticket
there's no good and a six to hit is no
good all right the third lizard as many
as they can get around you now there's
no free spaces available mimics - he
comes over to stab you with an 11 - hit
which will hit you Wow you've got shitty
AC for three points of damage and the
second attack is a wild myth he almost
struck give him a deck say if you rolled
another one but he passes save and does
not lose his spear and you can see the
other lizard folk is just gonna throw a
fireball a produce flame ball the bear
which will hit the bear for four points
of damage and that is this or have how
many lizards are up there there are four
no five lizards - shaman think we're
dead we may need to escape here just
keep fighting and okay I can I grab the
the shamans foot and try to they throw
him down on the ground yeah yeah make me
and athletics I think to pull him off is
gonna be an athletics check not in
acrobatics is that still what you undo
sure all right why his fighter knows
when he is outmatched oh yeah he scores
a natural nineteen on his athletics
check holds his ground and stands firm
there a wise fighter knows he can't
outswim
crocodile we can outvote the lizards and
the crime hey I just want to slide back
down see ya down the cliff no problem
you take no damage you land up right
next to the crocodile oh I'm gonna take
a swing at this guy
oh sorry you can keep them I thought you
know they haven't have movement to move
like you know here and let's see it'll
provoke an attack of opportunity from
the crocodile couldn't I like what I do
while you're coming like slide to the
side I don't want to sign next to a
crocodile hmm sure give me a if you're
gonna yeah you can climb down into the
side that's fine that's fine
you do it it's like 18 feet of cliff you
got plenty of room to maneuver so that
the crocodile is is close enough to give
grub the bear moves it attacks oh yeah
you'll provoke an attack of opportunity
if you move there's no choice so a grub
has to do attacks on the crocodile then
he doesn't have to all right
the bear give me some paranoia's crab
has nothing bid on you stubborn full if
you will fight at least make room for me
okay I take a hit at this top left guy
top left guys dead oh there's nothing
there is just three in front of me
there's this guy on the right I'm gonna
remove the X's once again yeah we just
had them on there so that you can see
where the corpse is where if you needed
them I will remove them from play well
there you go at this fight there's room
for you to fight what do you mean uh it
would be nice if I had your location if
you had my location okay
can I take a hit at the bottom of right
guy yeah nine to hit probably and I'm
just gonna wish I guess if I ever could
now is the time I'm gonna throw up
position die and hope that I he's kinda
hit no ten is not a hit AC is fifteen
your attack fails okay I'm gonna take
one step up here then okay I will
provoke one attack of opportunity from
the lizard foot below you mm-hmm who
will roll a twenty one to hit you for
five points of day
image kept her arm I will end my turn
here all right okay then top shape I'll
step over here and then I'm going to
attack the one to my right I pop it with
a quarter step the BOP is effective
right and I'm going to follow without
flurry of blows right flurry way buddy
first on the same target oh my god
defender do the same target again oh my
god he's so good
keeps blocking all of your fist punches
but the quarter staff managed to sneak
away in is that the entire party's
movement this round I think so since I
didn't do anything with a bonus section
I can use my halberd bud to try to take
a swing at one of these port 15 to hit
battle hit
I'm the middle guy sorry okay take six
and is almost down right monsters turn
there are three lizard folk in front of
you the first one will stab at vaughan
twice a nine and four thirteen a three
and four is seven lizard folk strikes
over and over I cannot find purchase
with its blade tip the middle one goes
against zai with a seven and an 11 to
hit and the bottom one will strike at
zai with a14 and a-15 to hit get into
you listen
the crocodile remembers the taste of
bear in its mouth and will bite at you
15 will hit you and it'll do 11 points
of damage to you you are grappled and
restrained everything has advantage to
hit you and you and I get a resident I
got some kind of strength resisting on
scrapple I'm pretty sure that it's a
pose check again strength every time you
try to do that no in 5e No so the target
of your grapple must no longer be one
size larger than you using one free hand
you can do a check contested by the
target strength or dexterity
yeah get these succeed so where's my
check yeah that's in action on your turn
no that's not how that works I'm pretty
sure well it says it says you try to
seize a target by making a grapple check
instead of an attack roll ah okay so
you're looking at the vest inside the
target string yeah yeah that is a combat
grapple check the text of the monster
says on a hit the target is also
grappled it is a special ability of the
creature that it grapples with a kick
it's it's a fancy pantsy stuff look at
that face he's does it look like well
the crocodile has something in its mouth
it can't opportunity attack episode 2
not opportunity attack it cannot bite on
er9 crocodile okay does it look like it
has something else that could attack the
floppy Taylor or something its tail
could possibly take a strike but you'd
have to be really close to it okay okay
the enemy's turn right
the lizard folk of all made their
attacks already the crocodile has
already fit in the bear from up above
the produce flame will rain down to
produce flames a six will miss the bear
and a fourteen will miss his eye the
lizard folk shamans have done nothing
who is our coach there are two yes and
that is it that is the monsters turn it
is the party's turn I am going to take a
swing at the one in the middle right
here what fun this is we must escape I
cannot allow you to die in this place
we're gonna die if I try to run away we
must fight brother I take a swing at the
middle one with my halberd 13 to hit 13
is not good enough but with my swinging
crazy halberd but let's go enough what
15 15 AC whatever so
clothes wildly swing everyone's in the
river of these monsters I their wildly
swinging and seeing the hopelessness of
my comrade
I will try okay so can you see the
outline movements that I'm making right
now or no you don't right not until you
release it oh there we go yeah okay I
believe I'll provoke to opportunity
detective I try to flee though that is
that is correct that's still the plan
that's the [ __ ] plan Cubs hit me you
opportunity attacks come in this is a
two plus four is a six to hit and a one
plus four is five two hits
they both miss my wild swinging is so
distracting that it actually is my ploy
it was actually a disengage act in
disguise quite but you didn't realize it
but that's why I escaped and then I
slide down the cliff do I need to do a
check for that or I don't know you can
just jump in the water that's cool I
hide along grub I run towards the boat
the boat like you're gonna hop over the
crocodile towards the boat I mean I
don't want to be in the water against
the crocodile all right buddy you bolt
you I think the crocodile is low and up
to the ground that you can kind of hop
and leap over it it will take a casual
swipe at you with its tail as you go by
what does the crocodiles role bonus two
kids eight holy [ __ ] that's a high roll
to hit a bonus of eight on top of its
natural six for a total of fourteen dear
No yeah the tail will this is for this
crocodile is a [ __ ] circus animal
it's grappling at the same time as his
bite in the same time as doing a
backflip to hit a tail whip to hit
scissoring on the back end was it a
vampire Lords you should attach the
[ __ ] bubble 9 fireball should make a
wish spell to the [ __ ] tarantula to
rescue level ISM or what next coreboot
just let us know it'll hit you for 9
damage a very low roll on its tail
bringing you to to Zion
okay well seeing that the crocodile has
unleashes attack I'm gonna disengage and
I'll go fifty feet all right
fifty feet he's got crazy movement
except yeah my stuck here
you could push the boat into the water
and start to go okay and as you're doing
this you can see that the the people
you're escorting have sort of noticed
that things are going awry and they have
begun to paddle their boats downriver as
fast as they can hoping to use this as
an opportunity to catch up with you guys
and move on past all righty
is that as far that's as far as you goes
I yep that's 45 oh all right Oh grub yep
just bail so move on all right I'm still
stuck in the crocodile for
the two lizard folk are gonna come up
and they're gonna start stabbing at grub
in bear form with a natural one and a
natural two to hit and the second one
with the natural one and a 6 plus 4 is
10 does not hit the bear that natural
one can they stab themselves and kill
themselves wait wait wait wait they're
rolling natural ones into a bear that's
grappled by a crocodile that should be
an attack on the crocodile tan against
the crocodile and at nine against the
crocodile no good okay
it was the is the principle that oh end
this guy I forgot about that guy he also
comes towards you grub with a that's
gonna be a hit and a hit and you will
take more three plus two is five plus
two two is nine total hurt me daddy
please don't say that
[Laughter]
I'm a the shaman what does the tech
while the producing will throw a motive
flame at zai Oh 15 to hit no good at 16
and the other shaman will throw a
produced flame at the bare still
targeting with which will hit the bear
for what is proofs flame damage I think
it's actually pretty good
7 points of damage to the bear which all
right you are grappled and restrained by
the crocodile who will bite you again
and has advantage 11 is the high role
which becomes a 19 the fight will pierce
through the rest of the bear form what
is crocodile by damage holy [ __ ] it's
really high and +5 is that right holy
[ __ ] alright the crocodile will bite you
for 12 plus 5 plus 5 22 damage so the
crocodile bites through the bear and
like the damage trickles over to grub
who falls unconscious wait really yes
and well here's your on the cliff spot
grub is at zero and bleeding to death
grab it make me an unconscious dexterity
check to stay on the level before you
fall onto the beach Wow don't die on me
grub through my favorite character I
know my favorites but I do what's that
say Dex check to see if you what cuz
you're on the edge do you stay on the
land or do you fall into the ground 11
ain't good enough you slip down to the
slope below landing on the beach which I
guess doesn't really do anything to you
because you are already at zero and that
is the monsters turn it is the party's
turn can you grab him how did your
swimming rules work with grabbing people
people I mean unless grub has a whole
bunch of metal on him he should float
right that
how we're doing it yeah cuz floating and
unconscious and since he's a goblin he
doesn't weigh very much his weight is
grub and I think you can carry grub with
you while you swim okay so if I if I
move here to grab him and then swim in
this direction I can do all that in one
turn without an action you would be
double moving probably how would i well
if you would move with you take your
move action and then you'd use your
action to keep swimming to catch up to
the boat right sure yeah yeah so you can
swim on by grab a grub by the hair and
keep swimming with him till you reach
the back of the boat so you're gonna
need some help pulling him up okay let's
see Malphite says I already don't I'll
pull him up
alright you can pull grub up into the
boat okay the boat gets shoved off and
one of you is powering it right yeah
that's me okay so you can row downstream
it'll automatically take you 45 feet but
then there will be the additional 60
probably 30 feet of movement that's what
you would have left over so that will
get you 75 feet away let's just reshape
these things perfect not on top of a
helping getting can I help stabilize him
too
yes yes you can pull him in coz he only
weighs grub and give me a medicine chest
to stabilize him perfect
he's stable and not dying to do anything
all right you guys can actually from
here on make it down the river are past
this point with no problem because the
monsters are gonna turn their eyes to
your allies who are coming up the river
behind you and the islands gonna get in
the way of your view of the combat so it
goes down let's see how we find Emma
cleric okay
it's not good okay on the other side of
the island down river where the the
river begins to slow and get a little
bit easier the walls come back down you
get back to a regular pace you can find
a spot where you wait for the others to
catch up and you see one boat come into
view and a second and a third but no
fourth the the fourth boat is gone and
just never appears yeah they're putting
in paddles to catch up with you guys
they look tired you can see that there
are Spears sticking out the sides of the
canoes one of the people in the front
boat is badly charred and unconscious
lying on the like in the lap of the
person behind them the cleric is in the
the middle boat currently healing
somebody who was unconscious before as
you all gather together on this River on
this island all right I say to the party
that went very well who is ready to kill
the drug rubs out the rest today
will bring you to Yuma which you will
arrive at late that afternoon Yuma is a
much smaller City population 700 was
just still impressive for this sort of
area it has a smaller palisade wall that
surrounds it and then it has like an
additional bit of a moat in front of it
which is really just a redirected river
section that comes and sort of circles
the city but you can see their
drawbridge has been destroyed and is
being rebuilt parts of the walls have
been like ripped down by claw marks and
just been pulled down in general repairs
are going on and as you walk into the
jungle town you can see all eyes are on
you guys and the people following behind
you you see warriors wounded lying in
the ground lots of like blisters and
weird chemical burns all over their
bodies as the gaze of
you and we're gonna take our first break
right here and when we come back we will
see what life is like in Yuma and see
how the party is gonna go fight a drag
oh my god all right we'll be back hello
everybody and welcome back to empires of
Arcadia you are in Yuma the smaller
lesser city to Yakka as we said before
the people here are in pretty bad shape
they've been attacked by a dragon
harassed by things and had to come to
you all to ask for help as you walk in
you are greeted by one of their elders
here a middle-aged woman who vows deeply
and says my name is Grace welcome to
Yuma you must be the reinforcements from
Yakka where's grab still unconscious
no it's been more than four hours d four
hours well like you know I'm night bear
they like I'm like leaning a lie blonde
I'm like thank you for the warm welcome
it has not been an easy journey but all
frayed was very important hey hey what
do you call a poor Goblin shortchange
I'm sure we will need to discuss issues
relating to anthrax but rest for now we
will make sure you are have food and
water as needed wait anthrax is the name
of the Dragon oh okay
the Green Dragon grab this scrubbed huh
oh oh you got it maybe maybe we think
s'mores till we fight the big boss ah
yes please have time to rest and recover
and she will take you to a small
abandoned a little shack that you guys
can all pile in and rest up in the other
people that you've been escorting here
are consisting of craftsmen some workers
some some guardians to help protect
things and a cleric the Guardians will
go to their posts the craftsmen will get
set to working and the cleric will tend
to be wounded and sick around and you
guys can take yourself a little nice
long rest as long as nothing interrupts
it and as we said during the break this
is your time to prepare
you have the entirety of human sposa l'
right basically because everyone wants
the dragon dead so how would you like to
prepare for a dragon fight well in early
information gathering
I will ask is the so I'm not well-versed
on dragons so what type of attacks does
the dragon employ is a basic question
XMS so who would you like to ask that to
Oh captain of the guard I suppose yeah
you can find the head guardian the head
guardian is a wounded woman named Kellan
and let me find our monster and Kellan
will tell you about this anthrax is a
vicious beast terrible he has bites I'm
sorry she has bites claws a toxic breath
that corrodes the skin gets into the
eyes and poisons your lungs it's quite
awful and additionally she is versed in
magic Oh
is it possible to not take damage if you
don't breathe in the toxic fumes the
caustic gas will burn your skin and
she'll point to a section of her arm and
it's just like her right arm from the
the shoulder down is just like sort of
twisted and have you ever seen like burn
scars that have those like weird streaks
through them it's like that so have this
weird streaky burns all over her right
arm with her arm what kind of clothes
should what is she wearing
or rats a very loose tunic in in looking
at people that have been burned by these
caustic fumes does it look like they're
unscathed underneath their clothes or do
the scars run all over the body no they
don't run under the close to the gas
permeates everything um so in the last
encounter in like kill the things we
killed and surviving and getting past
that encounter did we get enough to
level up that's a great question yeah
let me go take a look at the creatures
you defeated and you will get experience
for getting down the river as well
although less because you lost a boat
one two three it was just for regular
folk okay so four hundred-plus
only this much for getting down the
river we haven't really had oh there
were a little bit of role-playing
experience although it's early in the
session and we'll divide that by four
everybody take home 400 experience
exactly enough is it we need 2700 for
level 4 Oh
24:12 okay yeah not quite enough to love
love then can we grind like it's a grind
before we do this really so right we've
got we've got scissor in here he's the
path of Exile grind master we got Trump
here he's the hearthstone cried master
yeah like let's let's not cry now you
can do all of your research now and then
you can grind at the end yeah so did I
long successful yeah your long wrist is
successful we just can do some
role-playing while you guys are long
eyes okay so can we I'm a nice more
question about the dragon can we are we
still talking to the lady yeah you're
still talking to her yeah okay when does
this dragon normally attack he was a
sneaky one she's a sneaky one one of her
spells that she uses is an invisibility
spell she has a pro
the walls without us even seeing her and
then started ripping people to shreds
from the walls before she bolts back
into the city
oh cool be here right now she could be
here right now
yes when she was invisible can you hear
her can you hear her wings flapping she
if she were to fly yes normally we hear
her when she's invisible cause she'll
her feet are large and they might crush
things under her the canopy of the
jungle is dense enough that she cannot
take off into the air when she's under
the canopy however her lair which a few
of our Rangers have scouted out has a
clearing before it allowing her to take
off and land right at the mouth of her
lair but not throughout most of the rest
of the jungle I have the best idea that
sounds like a perfect spot for a big
hole with spikes in it come on let's dig
a hole who's that dragon sized hole yeah
in front of its house without it
noticing you people they must have
different we do Hey
hey guard you have any gob OHS here yes
Grubb wants to talk to gob oh that has
any gobble fought dragon fought big
green favor goblins that were witnesses
to the battle oh yeah yeah no one know
how to avoid dragon like gob oh do tell
me where Gobbo is grab time to Gamow
let me bring you to flow and drop dike
flab she will take you down the path on
the inside wall towards the the small
little goblin village over here there's
a whole bunch of goblins out front
they've got like small little holes dug
and they're like rolling stones towards
each other's holes in a game that you
know as holes and stones nobody else
really understands the for a very good
game mm-hmm yeah and she will point out
the elder Goblin here he's got like a
little bit of a wispy goblin beard going
on and he's leaning heavily on a gnarled
stick his eyes are sort of like almost
milky but not quite and he looks at you
and starts hobbling forward and she says
flub
this is grub he has come to ask you
questions club gives you a wave wave
Zack very excited fun because I flop or
good meet you hmm
you know big green creature that come
from sky oh yeah well I think what grub
think that gobble is godless best and
not die to big green creature very true
yeah what does gobo tribe do to avoid
big green tea tree creature you like
looks to make sure that no one's close
enough to you to hear the conversation
I'm also less considerate slowly leans
really close I hide in bushes okay
Oh any special goblins any special
gobble
trick to make dragon go away mm hmm hmm
put humans in front of you oh yeah
dragon eats humans yeah yeah yeah grubs
tells the bigs boss about this then big
greeny doesn't eat any of us very good
yeah yeah okay okay good you talked to
tree - no I I make tree grow grub types
a tree sometimes we talk back and thing
happened oh I talked to three they tree
no talk back but a Tremec fruit yeah
yeah oh yeah oh you have fruit now I
have fruit grab you eat grub grub grab
grubs drum gum and he will take you into
his hut and produce a mango and then
another mango and pineapple oh oh girl
take club gum come back in Bigfoot bring
four big shiny when grub defeat Big
Green Monster in name of dove in name of
dub oh can we do dubstep together flop
and grab dub Robin grab dubstep
hmm okay
grubbé goes to grub does like the
customary goblin parting
dance like slower older version of it
where he just like okay and a grub goes
back out to meet the rest of the party
all right okay grub talk to gobble
gobble have good idea okay first we find
lots of hugh me not you jimmy's i don't
you me and we put human in front of a
big green flying monster then when it's
fine
greeny it look at that you me we hit it
with a stick
well that is very wise i had been
planning something similar to that
oh I tell crabs continue asking the
guard a few things does anthrax usually
travel them yes I've never seen her out
with anyone else however her lair is a
different question her she has employed
guardians medicines of the jungle to
keep an eye on her place is there a
specific place that anthrax attacks
usually the city like oh yeah but it's
there like one specific place where she
always comes from no she's clever Beast
is there any pattern to her attacks
every so often they are punctuated by
large gaps on the order of a month or so
between she's out terrorizing others or
needs time to lick her wounds because
she does not get away unscathed she does
bleed how long has it been since her
last attack we sent an invoice one and
that has been two weeks now why she
attack human village
why are goblins short
to get to the other side yes God feels
like Grove like has this enlightened
look on his face mmm-hmm why hasn't she
destroyed this entire village yet what
keeps her friend doing so as I said we
we managed to wound her maybe enough to
drive her off or maybe she attacks us
for sports
maybe she I can't pretend to know her
motives does it like me like gobble she
has eaten some of my Guardians so maybe
we set a bunch of meat tower it go after
meat tower then we attack from behind
and it was there and dig a hole yeah
busyness tolerance holes a lot I don't
know why and a hole well you were here
to do what I have not been able to I
will help you with whatever plan you can
cocked how many guys you got Guardians
yeah guys how many gobbles you got how
many friends you got how many how many
people in your tribe
well my tribe is 700 strong my warriors
they only number 50 in strength yours
you got 700 gobble you go putting those
out we could be fine but all 700 go
fight the green thingy and then we come
from behind hit we would all die oh good
bout there there are 700 people here I
asked them can we get help with digging
bigtrip holes to trap the dragon if the
city then yes my people will help but we
cannot venture too deep into the jungle
with this wizard hole no work on fine
thingy big wings that's perfect that was
a like six or ten holes like near the
city I don't want the whole thing I'm
afraid there is a hole in your plan
but I do saddest jab and levels up ten
times
do is instead of taking the fight to her
or she has Guardians as we allow her to
attack us yeah because you see yeah I
want to hold Terra near the city you see
the art of wars to conform to the
enemy's tactics until a favorable
opportunity offers and come forth and
engage in a battle that shall prove
decisive so the next time she attacks
she'll not expect the four of us and
long I want to hold here though near the
city and and they will yes she will not
expect the whole either Eidolon see we
gotta hit a bunch of kids with sticks
and throw them out there then dragon go
eat those Goods and then we'd be fine
hit it with a stick Ziya what'd you
think of the hit stick plan when she
attacks the city does she normally fly
around the city like spewing toxic fumes
or does she land in the city and attack
on foot or usually she comes on foot a
few times she has come from the air but
mainly it's on foot maybe got one of
those big big bows that you put in like
um you know it's like a bow but shoots a
big arrow I got one of those but a
longbow yes we have long bows no no no
but listen
oh the legends of old speak of such
wondrous inventions massive bows that
can knock creatures out of the sky but
if anyone knows how to make them it it
would be the dwarves
we are not versed in such methods got
any got any short stuff around here that
not Gobbo he means to us no you know I
asked the worst one time a door I asked
him to lend me five gold coins and he
said sorry I'm a little short
that's nice yeah I still like the whole
plan especially put spikes in it and
then we can jump on top of the Dragon
and just go ham when it's in the hole
how do we know that the dragon was it
fill just fall into a hole like I mean
like if we think about this for a second
right like we would have to actually
trigger a trap like if we just make a
hole and cover with leaves as soon as
one foot goes in it'll just fly away
it's not gonna like stuff its whole body
on to the hold on that fall through the
bear you can push it to how big how big
a big greeny cuz grub can get big - hmm
can I ask the Guardian have you guys
attacked it with anything that seems
extra effective what seems to do the
most damage have you tried anything
clever or
bows Spears and spells but most of our
spell casters are gone now what is that
with it was the cleric that we brought
what does he offer us does he can you do
anything or is he just here for like
he's here to to heal people he's not
much of a combat unit he doesn't have
any utility spells of any kind not for
in the middle of combat no he's a a post
combat patch up the civilians and keep
them safe from harm
big humne fighting guys say bright thing
though uh-uh
big greenie monster anything that you do
to it that make it hurt more d we have
dealt a lot of damage to anthrax before
we've ripped holes in her wings
punctured her sides with arrows i've
myself have stabbed spear through her
shoulder but she went it she's done
vanishes literally there one moment gone
the next with just a puff of smoke in
her Ramaiya in her trail where she was
well as much as I hate to use your
lovely town as bait I am afraid that is
our greatest chance at success so I
believe our plan will be to set up a
camp in your village and wait for the
next
back of course excellent well do take
your time and rest there's anything else
you need I will do my best to provide it
my various Warriors have seen battle
with her many times and may be able to
offer you information regarding her if
there's anything specific you wish to
know how we talk to dwarf any dwarf here
no dwarves I there are there's a few
jungle gnomes you think Gobbo know how
to build big bow gobble build thing -
one time I build uh one stick attached
to other stick it was it was I call it
to stick I was that it two sticks are
better than one - it turned out it was
Grubnic not sure but it was yes sorry I
do believe that ancient goblin proverb
two sticks are better than one oh wait
what if we get a big net you have any
net jungle rope we have fishing nuts
sometimes net catch Gobbo and Gobbo
can't get out maybe this works for Big
Green Monster oh hello grub talk to self
you can't I would be down get big net
hey what a funny guy why you know talk
usually you have good idea you think on
that would be good
my only worry is can we construct a net
that not only can we reliably pin the
dragon down with so this would require
like capturing the entire dragon with
the net it would also have to be made of
material strong enough to hold the
dragon would we reasonably expect like
rope also how fat like what is the
thrust I don't know you would say that's
like how much weight can the dragon hold
when it starts to fly like even a four
of us were on said net you get the guard
hold net would we be able to we attack
guards hold net we attack we attack
guard to be able to hold the net though
that's the question rub your first plan
was better one grab our D forget so
there are a lot of honeys here
when the dragon attacks the hommies we
will hit it with a stick wow what about
a big net and that place we need a way
to keep the dragon down I think you got
a big net or just like chains what if we
get like the people that live here and
the wild artists and stuff to help hold
it down with chains ain't no metal on
this island Hoss well we could do that
but keep in mind like if the dragon is
walking to attack here and the dragon is
walking through the jungle to get here
the dragon can't fly in the jungle so we
don't have to worry about him flying
away if we attack him in the jungle
before he like reaches the river outside
yeah I like that actually ok can we see
a reasonable path that the dragon walks
to and from this place like there he
must have made like tracks as he comes
like to and from right fell trees on top
of him yes what if we prepare trees
so take axes take your hunters or your
gatherers or whatever and go out and and
prepare trees like get them so that a
good push from a warrior or maybe a
single blow with an axe would topple the
tree over and as the dragon is walking
through the forest we bring out a group
of people to like felled trees on both
sides of it to try to entangle it
underneath some trees and then we can
strike it while it's being entombed if
you can find the spot where the dragon
will travel
that sounds viable she usually texted
town from there has not been a steady
direction of attack so perhaps a spot
near to closer to her lair where she
must you know if you when you leave your
house even if you're going a long way
somewhere you always lead be the same
and exit from your your place so I'm
sure we can find a spot in the jungle
that she must travel through on land in
order to reach here maybe a bottleneck
or a section near the mountain where
it's then let me go find one of my
scouts one of the Rangers that I said to
go find her lair okay and see they have
any information about this also she okay
is there any type of
is there any type of magical netting or
some sort of net we can use in the
dragon's face to prevent those caustic
fumes from coming out has anything
blocked it in the city has that happened
at all solid walls will block it okay
what if until it blows up and around it
we light the fumes on fire I haven't
tried I don't know if they've come into
contact with gas yet with flames what if
we the fumes do they come from the
dragon's mouth yes
grubbé yeah do you think you would be
able to transform into a mighty creature
and hold the dragon's mouth shut while
it's trapped underneath isn't felled
trees
yeah grub can do drought can totally do
okay so if we find where the dragon is
coming from we fell trees on top of it
when it's in the right spot and then we
get grub to transform into a mighty bear
try to hold the dragon's mouth shut then
maybe we can begin to rub can I turn
into a cr5 crocodile now that I saw that
fortunately has a move swim speed so you
can't do that until level four you can
only transform something one third
you're CR so not until level 15 I'll be
there soon what is the creature with the
highest strength that you can transform
into I think it's a bear because the
bear has a plus for its Ori is it better
is it a giant octopus octopus yeah it's
got a swim speed are you sure about this
one
I'm not even yet you're sure okay I'm
sure because okay is there anything I
can transfer into into that can grapple
because you like grappling so much
anything can grapple some things have
grapple as a natural part of their
attack is there anything that I can turn
into that can grapple what if I turn
into a dirtball tiger narks knocks
things prone crocodiles have swim speeds
so you can transform into them until
level four but I saw it but you're not
level four yet oh you're so close that's
where that grinding comes in that's my
transfer into a giant
Spyder and then shoot its mouth with a
web that's the interesting notion giant
spider you can turn into and I could
shoot it with my butt web web ranged
attack +5 to hit range is 30 or 60 feet
on a hit the target is restrained by
webbing as an action the webbing the
restraint chart you can make a DC 12
strength check busting webbing on a
success so I want I would say if you are
specifically aiming at its face and only
its face then we can say that you have
restrained its mouth and its hands and
free everything else is free so it
wouldn't be able to open its mouth
unless it broke the check but it would
that the rest of its limbs would not be
restrained if you know what I mean like
you could focus the restrain on the
mouth because normally for creatures
restrained it could still use a breath
weapon so if you want to prevent the
breath weapon the trade-off is that
it'll still be able to walk and move and
stuff how does that run by you
well I guess that the theory would be
the logs fall on the thing and then we
shoot the web at it logs fall you shoot
the web at its face if you hit then it's
like that and then and then it it's
[ __ ] sounds cool let me give you a
giant spider a character sheet for you
to look at so you can make decisions I
mean in theory when the dragon is like
you know fully disabled in line there
could we get out its eyes and make it
blend
you could try certainly yeah that sounds
useful mm-hmm
so how far away is this dragon's lair
anyway the let me take a look at the map
here and bring us all over the right
spot on the map the dragon is her lair
is about 15 to 20 miles west of here
it's a two-day journey through the
jungle and then when dragon Dead grub
get rank five super grub yes okay does
dragon have goltz none of my scouts have
made it into the lair there were a pair
of hill giants out front throwing rocks
around for fun giant mm-hmm get you a
scout talk to anyway if the Scout is
here the Scout is a wise old man mmm
wearing pretty much nothing but a
leather loincloth and a makeshift spear
with some feathers and beads hanging
from it made out of the animal shells
like a little seashells and the guy will
lean on a stick and look at you all sort
of blase hello I am dahveed
I'm the Ranger hey me grow greetings
grub are you the leader of your group ah
oh yeah grubs leader Grove uh grub best
leader grub Lee lots grub never die but
make no mistakes never hmm good yeah the
dragon's lair you have called me here to
speak on it yes so even though grub big
leader talked to this guy points to the
the warrior fighting guy he will
describe for you the layout of the
dragon's lair and in fact he will draw a
little doodle
on it as well and I will I'm just gonna
move you to the outside map of the
dragon's lair because he will talk to
you about it
draw the map and give you details in it
as well so can you see this screen or is
it all black for you can we tell the guy
it's black black all right you cannot
see your tokens run on there on that tab
there you go just don't move your tokens
anywhere we want we want to know where
uh what what they call place that's a
big small space oxymoron small space
cave small space where dragon no fit
then dragon gets stuck oh hey choke cold
a bottleneck yeah yeah a bottle where
that oh this is an app we've been given
for yeah you use like drawing the map in
the dirt at your feet and talking to you
about it okay until the east is the
village here on this map that we've been
given yeah two days to the east and then
to the west northwest is the dragon's
lair where those two creatures are that
we probably shouldn't be able to see he
will tell you that the dragon footprints
head this direction into this cave
entrance okay there is as you correctly
saw another one over here but he has no
idea what what lives in that cave if
anything gotcha
hmm
okay I mean it sounds like we understand
the plan what we have to do does anybody
disagree yeah I so you want to chop down
trees this close to the lair or slightly
further away so my idea if we traveled
as fast as we could could we make it to
the lair in one day
no it's 20 mile it's a four hexes at
most you can move three hexes in a day
so I mean like if we traveled 24 hours
like we're talking in big flow you're
not gonna be able to travel at night
without some sort of light to guide your
way the canopy is too thick the mist is
too heavy and you just have no light
anywhere Jose is that good enough yeah
if you could get some sort of light in
theory you could get there in one day if
you force March at night so I think I
would prefer the plan in which the
dragon attacks this village we do damage
to it maybe it escapes but then we spend
the rest of the day forced marching
ourselves over here and then finish it
off yep though there are how we fight
big humans there are two big humans
outside cave they crush us wait okay
wait bigger than Gobbo we don't go to
that cave right we're going to the
northern one is where we said the dragon
is are we assume yeah we we just ignore
the hello Giants so if we know the
dragon is coming through a certain path
we should utilize every advantage we
have available to us we know the path
roughly that the dragon takes to get to
the village why allow the dragon to
attack us on the city where it can
comfortably attack us when we could
ambush him in the jungle we also have
terrain advantages we can use in the
jungle as well not only could we fell
trees on top of the dragon we could line
these trees with large spikes or
something so that when the trees come
down it nails the dragon to the ground
or does additional damage or injures it
also if we have trees on top of the
dragon it's not going to be able to get
away from us very easily and if we fight
it in the jungle it won't be able to fly
away I think all of our advantages lie
in an ambush in the jungle I don't see
why we should allow it to attack us on
the open field in a village where it
could start spewing it's caustic breath
and kill all of us the reason why we
should fight here is because defenders
have a desire to protect their
and if we attack right at where the
dragon is she will have a desire to
protect her our home someone how these
villagers have a desire to protect the
home here on right here we can get 50
extra guards to help fight the dragon
while the dragon is none the wiser
but if we set up a logging operation
right outside the dragon's lair I am
sure she will notice we don't have to
set it up right outside the dragon's
lair I'm sure there are paths that the
dragon takes to get into the city yeah
we would be like an hour at the most
outside of the city also for a-comin we
can bring we can bring guardians with us
and then they hide in the woods and bam
they hit the dragon with the stick but
the dragon starts deviating from its
path when it's I don't know as long as
one day out of our village so we
couldn't possibly set up anything
I'm sure well what we could do is how
about this I'll take a scout and we'll
just go outside the village I'm sure
that a dragon is [ __ ] huge what is
this way like thousands of pounds or
whatever how much is a dress okay a few
tons so I should be able to reasonably
go outside of the village and see if
there is a commonly traveled dragon path
so either there's going to be like a lot
of paths outside the village or there
might be one with additional wear that
looks like this is the main path of the
dragon walks in and out of the village
for is that noticeable or detectable
outside the village the path of the
Dragon yeah where it would reasonably
walk into the lake I could see like this
is a well-traveled well-worn path that
looks like a dragon's the dragon doesn't
take the same path to the village all
the time like when it approaches the
village from a different point what it
does take the same path once it leaves
the yeah like what leaves the cave a
heads towards you guys it's we're gonna
go in more or less the same path until
it decides to start circling around so
there's an unknown stretch of territory
where it's gonna be going probably in
the same direction every single time
would we live would we be able to take a
scout on a path following one of these
tracks or actually okay I don't know how
many you want to go with this okay we
could all follow different tracks out
and then find where they converge so
that we can see approximately the point
where the dragon like begins to deviate
when it wants to
city yeah we know that like that's the
cool that would be the closest point to
the village that we could reasonably
expect the dragon to travel through that
make sense yep yes that ferret that real
smart can we do that what cracking my
chin I can send my Rangers and we can
scour the area looking for it okay yeah
do that question why we know why we know
do both plan so uh dragon come here we
fight then we hurt then we go back then
dragon there then the logs fall then we
hit it was thick so in my opinion the
simplest plan is the most likely to
succeed and also we have a huge problem
if we fight the dragon and open ground
there's no guarantee that all of us will
even survive oh I don't
grub don't want to die grub just got
here yes which is why I do not want to
fight the dragon in its home territory
well it's not it's home to the whole
jungle isn't the home territory of the
dragon and then I motion towards the
city and it doesn't seem like these
people are faring much better in their
homeland so they're so desperate to
defend this homeland is still standing
it means that it is a bastion against
the dragon and we would be fools not to
use this defensive infrastructure what
damages do we have here in this town
like the we can so we have fifty guards
here we could I know bring fifty guard
with us we could bring out guards with
us because the dragon be not attack they
won't leave no they're here to defend
the city you guys are here to kill the
dragon if they were to go leave the city
to go fight the dragon the entire city
would be completely undefended for the
entirety of that fight and if they lost
then the city has absolutely no
Guardians whatsoever that is like a full
100% gamble and if success is not met
then there the whole city's lost like
entirely ruined they're gonna die if we
don't succeed to kill the dragon any way
we could eventually they've hold on this
long they need the dragon killed but
they could probably hold on a little bit
longer we could theoretically bring like
six or
or 10 like Lumberjacks what I don't know
what you'd call gay yeah Lumberjacks
yeah Lumberjacks to push the trees or
whatever if we call the attack yeah you
could get you will get some Lumberjacks
who will come and help you make the
notches in the tree to cut it down I
don't know if you're gonna find anyone
brave enough to stick around and push it
on top of a dragon ok so we would have
to execute that part ourselves mm-hmm
can we leaving any other guards would
help if you are in the city everyone
will help with everything if you leave
the city no one's gonna come and help
you fight that is the your easy nuts oh
my god we could grub listen to me okay I
turn around a grub and I get down on my
knees grub hi I saw how reckless you
were with the crocodile and I haven't
won rate what this word raku who have
wreck okay grub yeah hi okay I look into
the air and I paint a picture with my
hands around imagine you imagine you
sitting atop eight ropes okay that are
tied from tree to tree to tree I'm
sitting atop on top of those those Nets
those are ropes all connected in the
middle all attached to trees that are
almost ready to fall
imagine dragon walking beneath you and
then you transforming into a mighty bear
holding on ropes and bringing all the
trees down onto the dragon grub wouldn't
that be exciting wait what what question
do you want to do this grub what
transform you gotta talk to me like you
talked to your youth rub I want you I
looked at grub not too smart
look Idol on my so so warrior fighting
guy want grub to climb tree and then
grub sit somewhere yes if didn't sit on
top of some ropes and then how do you
make the loudest roar you can grub is
there a is there a few I can be really
loud grub can be really hard louder than
that grub louder and louder and hairier
than that can you do that grub grab
hairy
grab not have much hair as I do you know
how to communicate with this well I
would Vaughn if I thought that your plan
was better than mine
okay Eidolon what do you think we
obviously have a divide here and thought
I wish to tear out the tree plan all
right that we would get somewhere to buy
but having the guardians on our side is
the wisest movie weight fight II guy hey
fighting guy why you know think if we
have fifty extra guy we no use though
guy does he set good good more gobble
always better yes yes I agree grow more
galvo more you mean better okay well we
are ready divide the party is divided in
half Oh a bowel we do the tree plan for
when the dragon flees this is probably
gonna go back the same way we could
possibly do that but the problem with
that is we would have to get ahead of
the fleeing dragon hope that it
continues to pursue us as its fleeing
hope that we know the path that its
fleeing towards hope that we're all
healthy enough and within range to get
to the trees to drop them on the dragon
as it flees yes and that is the plan
that is the problem with your plan one
we have no idea of where the dragon
would run into our shree drop plan well
so that's not true the Rangers are
scouting out a path right now to know if
the path that it takes all the time so
we can with 100% certainty know that the
dragon will take a certain path we know
we consider path is only at most 400
feet away from its lair would you say
that that plan is doomed to failure then
I don't think we should travel out that
far but I also don't think the dragon is
going to deviate paths that closely to
its lair especially if it's over would
you say a date multiple days travel how
far it is travel so I mean dragons fly
they don't have to walk with deciding
until we know how far away it is yeah on
the flip side then I present to you or I
submit to you then if it's four hundred
feet from our village do you think that
that would be an easier plan to execute
I will agree with that
then how about so this was all discussed
on day one so
yes we're that quick how far away is the
converging paths all right the or
Rangers can come back a day or so later
converging and they will tell you that
at about the one-day mark about two
hexes away from Yuma is where the dragon
looks like it has to pass the be like a
choke point and then it sort of
disappears beyond that point there are
clear dragon tracks and after that point
the dragon tracks kind of fade and you
can't really tell where they are so it's
about halfway between here and his and
her lair yeah and then in the path that
is the choke is it also like a dense
forest littered with trees heavy jungle
hmm so that is ten miles away from our
home advantage territory would you throw
such an advantage away I mean I don't
looking at these guards I don't really
value their help as much I think as our
own but as the wisdom is grub offers
they are kumys that we should stand
behind they are homies that I can also
be killed dozens at a time by a single
breath of this dragon yes but sacrifice
will have to be a part of taking down
this dragon as long as we are not the
sacrifice even if we are the sacrifice
but certainly if you wish to save your
own hide my plan offers a transfer
you'll live yeah I actually agree like
if the fight goes bad we have a way like
better option of like disappearing from
the fight here there's like lots of
buildings there's other people that are
gonna be dying Haworth the Marigny was
wrong here Eidolon we will be protecting
this village to the best of our ability
wait girl have thought some what okay um
if everyone here doesn't die we come
back and then we king of the people yeah
so what grub is talking about is
actually very true if we look at this
from their point of view if we disappear
into the jungle and come back having
slain this beast maybe like you keep in
mind our ultimate goal here isn't to say
the village it's to build an alliance if
we save this village at the cost of half
its
Ardi ins because they all died during
the fight I mean I guess you could argue
they'd be too weak to resist an offer
for help if we were to form an alliance
but I think that destroying this dragon
in the jungle would appear far better to
them than fighting on their own city
grounds that's true I'll say then they
all say that we Big Boss then we get a
whole city and we I don't believe we can
win against a dragon if it is just the
four of us if they will just see us
killing the dragon they'll be far more
impressed than like oh yeah we killed
the dragon
trust me well obviously if we kill the
dragon in the jungle we'll bring back
its head or something right
or we bring back its but then they know
oh oh girl have another idea
so grub knows a god named dub dub is God
of log so grub paid to dub who is God a
vlog and dub drops log on big green
monster cuz because dub no like big
green monsters they mess with dubs logs
hmm and I'm a little dubious as well as
in our fighting ability when we think we
have been struggling in every fight so
far oh yeah we all get a die yes fun do
you agree with me on our last fight when
we sacrificed some of our builders in
order to ultimately succeed in the quest
in a similar way I fear that we may not
be able to save all of the Guardians
here but at least we will save a
majority of them hmm maybe if we lead
city and we have like all the the humans
they fight and then they're like wow
those for those for those for grub's
they're all good grubs and then we
become I'm the boss because that what we
want to do right become boss here's
another okay one final counter
suggestion we could try both plans but
only if we go with my plan first so if
we try to emotion the jungle and it
fails through a dense forest canopy of
trees reasonably we should be able to
flee the dragon
our plan fails so if that doesn't work
we flee the jungle we come back here and
then we try to fight it again if it
attacks us and any damage we've done to
it in the jungle will carry over to its
attack on the village we try fighting it
here first and we fail this is
ultimately our last stand I don't know
if the people will trust us I don't know
if it will be a city left to defend
maybe we can try this way and that's
something pretty true these are all some
pretty good ideas thanks quite boo
thanks thank you Kay in the sky the
thing is though like say that I get
knocked prone or like knocked
unconscious in the forest
that's one character down how are we
gonna get away from that if you get
knocked prone in the forest where we've
set up an ambush for the dragon and
you've committed such a grave error
perhaps you should stay in the jungle
and die okay hey fighting guy you say
that simple plant be simple plan right
mm-hmm okay so this plan mean we got a
drop log on big green then I got a shoot
web from but at the green mouth and if
it hit then no breath and then got to
fight it and stab eyes and all this
stuff or then draggy come here we send
humans and we beat it with a stick
easier plan drag you come here hit it
with a stick less stuff go wrong
I can shoot thing out of but anyway and
then uh when it come here hmm
did you not say the simpler plan was
better well well the absolute simplest
plan would be running up to it with a
single sword and trying to stab it in
its heart but clearly there are levels
of simplicity they're not really going
to work against a dragon like this well
I don't know what to do it seems we're
at a kind of impasse at idle on idle on
right now my apprentice too near me at
alone yeah idolan Edelin what say you I
I think it's safer to fight here in the
village okay I'd won if you prefer that
then we'll fight on the village alright
alright so you as I understand the plan
you're gonna wait for the dragon to show
up you're going to fight it and attempt
to kill it here in the village I don't
wait for
to start I believe it will fleet so
preparing for it to fleet we're going to
force to March ourselves to the dragon
cave and then finish it off there wait
wait wait wait girls have biggest idea
girls ever have every time dragon all
fight village dragon flee we wait for
dragon when it comes back and then when
it come back to the place where Ranger
tell us boom we hit it with a stick
this is grub proposing going to the
dragon's lair and waiting for it in its
lair for its return we're all point
converged where hunters found then when
when it come back this is five heads
five god worth of head here
okay so we know dragon attack town
dragon always three dragon flee again we
wait in in trees and go back where it
knows to go back and then flap drop with
stick we want to sacrifice those the
villagers oh no sacrifice I mean most be
okay they okay now they'd be okay again
some die but that okay they are wounded
but you did bring reinforcements your
builders were the ones that died not
your Guardians so there are extra
Guardians here only few yeah so then we
can't we can't drag you in it down that
the best time to kick him hmm no grub in
terms of a percentage chance of success
I think your planet is fairly good but I
care for these humans so we should thank
you they're dying to a minimum I don't
really care about the humans I vote with
Krebs plan wait how are we on a grubs
plan now I thought the entire point of
staying in the village was to fight with
the fifty villagers now all of a sudden
were quick to abandon them and fight on
our own again oh no they already fight
and then draggy
draggy weak for us then we kick it when
it come back you understand their work
if they feel they're able to kill that
if they're able to injure the dragon to
such a level that we could kill it why
not just fight alongside them and kill
the dragon outright in the village we're
worried the dragon will escape or that
we die this way we use the humans and
then they die it's that we could simply
hide in the village and wait for the
humans to finish fighting it and then we
grab like that plan well the reason why
grubs by my work there is because dragon
later it will come back there and it
won't flee from its lair but it will
flee from our village we can't fight the
dragon out of slayer though we've
already been told that it's employed
creatures of the forest or the jungle to
protect no we fight it at the point you
want to fight a big fighting man we
fight it at the convergent point we know
it come back at except it's where to go
to the village necessarily stop back
there no we know it go back there every
time no that's what it comes from there
I think come from there and come back
there monkey man
keep in mind that this dragon keep in
mind yeah because that's why we see the
dragon people this dragon is also
incredibly intelligent okay this is a
dragon we're talking about a prompt sure
how old is answer we wait there it never
seen us before no but it's not going to
fight until it's teetering on death's
door only to walk back to its lair half
breathing it's probably going to leave
it's a pretty healthy like for all we
know the dragon could show up almost
perfectly healthy you know picking its
teeth with some of the bones of the
villagers then what do we ambush it then
with just the four of us the answers to
some of these speculations here because
people have fought this dragon before
and you might be able to get answers to
some of these questions what does the
dragon your leaves when does a dragon
normally leave the village I asked the
head Guardian how how fiercely does this
dragon fight is it fight until it's on
its last breath what does it seem to
leave when it's taken any injuries
whatsoever how do you see
how much does a sphere does d8 right
yeah
she'll leave after she's taken seven or
eight major like actual injuries seven
or eight real wounds and if you want to
say the average person with a spear
spear does 4.5 damage on average and a
modifier + 2 4 6.5 damage on average
times 7 or 8 attacks means she leaves
after 45 to 50 HP worth of damage done
to her so big problem is we know it
leave from village so we're not gonna
kill it here well we could try to
restrain it as it leaves restrain a
dragon that could fly out of the village
that's true from the village she can
take to the air because the city doesn't
have walls around it so she can take off
and fly yeah so just lie back to her
lair you know what I proposed I ripped
away any coinage on me whatsoever
there's no one carries any coins you
only need those 4 dwarves so there might
be is there any coin in the village that
we could flip Grubb has gold teeth you
can spin a rock and see which way our
boys okay I proposed this to you sigh
let's go to rock and let the gods
determine our fate if it spins in my
favor we've taken to the forest with
eight Lumberjacks and we concoct a plan
an ambush and if it spins in your favor
then we make strong here we fight the
dragon in the city wait we have voted
three-to-one in favor of my plan how do
we wait idol on which which which way
are you leaning at the moment you wish
to fight in the city or do you wish to
fight in the forest no I'm kind of like
I'm kind on the coin flip now I like
that I like I like gambling let's let
the guards determine our fate we've
already taken enough of a gamble coming
through the river yeah
a flip grub one decision if you lands on
Zach yeah flip crap
I don't know if I trust Club
grubbé to a flip well Graham is the one
who actually has a who's most connected
with the gods here so it would make
sense maybe well maybe we like maybe we
let Grubb flip the rock then or spin the
rock grab kinsman rock grab know how to
do alright so if the rock points towards
Vaughan which is a 1 on a d2 then we go
with Vaughn's plan and if it points
towards Eidolon we go with eidelons plan
wait where's plan right man disagree is
your plan
wait you go see okay wait you disagreed
that way okay Grubb plan is this we wait
in village I don't know we wait in
forest draggy attack village Humira tak
draggy draggy run back to us we drop
blog on draggy that bad plan everyone
thinks so well what if the dragon simply
flies back to its lair then we wait for
it in the place in what place the place
where it comes it doesn't have to walk
back that way it could just fly back
okay so let me clarify this
so the point where the dragon always
leaves us there is that always where it
comes back also I mean they they found
an area where there are serious dragon
foot traffic which makes going back also
both directions but it could
theoretically fly back if it's wounded
enough it's not going to pause to drop
off one day away from its home and then
leisurely walk what if everybody outside
then it has to walk okay I say we spin
the rock grub plan no good I guess
alright so on the floor knock its Vons
plan on a to its size plan yeah yeah
alright grub roll the d to spin the rock
buddy I won for mine too for his eyes so
so one is we fight though we do the
crazy log [ __ ] and then soon as we fight
the city yeah alright ok 1 d 2 1 D to
grub takes the rock and then ey grub
winds up not he grub is a grub is just a
grub grub winds up
and then grub with a full body spin Shh
two rooms I his planet is all right then
let's make preparations okay you can
make your preparations for the arrival
of the Dragon wait how we go fight
dragon once it go away it run away from
here then what we do we march over to
the Dragon's cave and we finish the
fight how we know there not more stuff
in cave there's the sky put [ __ ] Lich
in cave or something I know there will
be but it's the same either way part of
my preparation for the door cone can I
convince like some of the people that
live here too they helped me to a
wholesome fits Paris in the holes yes
you could they've got like a wall and
they've got a moat and people will do
whatever you say cuz you are the
professional dragon slayers title
pending here to stop this so if you want
to dig some pits you can do it but the
dragon is pretty big you're gonna need
to dig down Oh at least like twenty or
thirty feet and then it's probably gonna
have to be like a fifteen by a 15-foot
hole so that's a lot of cubic feet that
is 15 times 15 times thirty thousand
seven hundred and fifty cubic feet of
Earth wait a minute can I yet easy easy
you talked to gobbles gobbles dig like
that every day yeah I think there's many
military 100 people here we're talking a
hundred and ninety cubic meters of Earth
being moved here and then since you
don't want it to be obvious that there's
a hole there
you have to like spread the the earth
that you've pulled out around nice and
evenly to make it look like there's not
a trap here this is gonna be an arduous
task
I think it'll take maybe three days to
complete each hole and then we can just
see how many holes you can make based on
when the dragon arrives next grub have
idea and that's including spares right
what plans so how does how does draggy
get in hole
no idea I mean in the combi maybe we can
lead it over one and rather have holes
starting to sound pretty complicated
okay it's just a side thing which idol
one is doing Grubb have good idea
here's plan okay draggy uses big wing to
fly right so when when attack happens
you put hole in wing then draggy has to
walk back well a single hole probably
won't be enough to injure its wing so
the bottom hole if we attack it with a
lot of holes its theoretical that we
could do it yeah you talked you talked
to I'd I'd likes holes he'd been talking
about him all day
sure the dragon is flapping its wings on
ground put hole in wing it might be
harder to hit the dragons wings than it
would be a strike against its body wings
really big his body is bigger yeah
that's true bigger thing is easier to
hit warrior flighty guy's smart monk man
and warrior fighting guy real smart ok
ok ok to do the plan you're going to
fortify the city as best as possible
help the people defend it and then if
the dragon does escape you're gonna
chase it down that's the plan well what
about entangling roots can grow because
that do they keep it ah doesn't angling
roots have a penalty against like large
creatures or whatever were mmm I don't
think it was actually Shin let's look at
the text of the spell entangle do do do
do doop doop do any or a creature a
creature it does not mention a size it
will work on theory anything but I can't
cast while I'm uh
in animal form so if I'm if I need the I
think the most important thing that grub
has to do is prevent its breath weapon
it's super important mm-hmm oh I'll ask
our Clark is there any chance the moment
before the dragon engages us if you
could bless us
Clark that's you cuz I don't sorry
Claire not druid Claire great bless you
what it attacks I chew yes so the favor
of the gods I believe we will be more
successful bless spell for you means one
more injured person dies that's one less
healing spell
that's one more dead civilian that is
really winning something as big as the
scale of a dragon I think that a blessed
fell on the dragon slaying team will
ultimately fend off the dragon faster
and she shall kill Wes people as a
result well as you are the dragon
slayers I will acquiesce to your demands
yes I shall do this thing
excellent thank you Father hmm that's
your dad no he's priest what you call
you call him father here big dad you to
know let me like we call our religious
Rob we call our religious leaders
fathers what Oh
all them dads very strange human girls
they try to dig a piece of trash out of
the ground you can find a a fish bone
grub will name this grub bone grab Owen
right sighs okay grab bone Bonnell the
second is the name of this hold it up
excellent why don't we take a break when
we come back we will let's see what
happens with the dragon well I guess you
guys still have a few more days of
downtime so if there's anything else
you'd like to do a research that will
take care of that and I will try and get
us ready for a battle dragon battle
can't we grind first oh if you guys want
to cruise around the jungle and fight
[ __ ] and try and grind that's all I
think that's a really good idea it's
pretty risky those if one level would
make a huge difference in this mm-hmm
but if you have to use your spell's and
then the dragon shows up before you get
a full long rest I don't know it's up to
you guys wait why don't we make that I
want to change the name of grubs bone to
bone le bon le Oh the third bone we're
taking a break okay
Oh everybody welcome back to empires of
Arcadia we are getting ready for our
dragon battle but there are a few small
things the players still want to know
okay questions for the guard for the
master Guardsmen dude ready mm-hmm okay
so I'm sure that your people have
traveled up and down this river several
times seems like your people have fought
not only this dragon but other creatures
on the river as well if you had to gauge
the difficulty of attacking this dragon
do you think it's about as easy to land
a blow on it as it is one of the lizard
men more difficult more difficult more
difficult was our folk may have shields
but the dragon's hide is very thick and
her neck is long and surprisingly agile
even though the scales there are
somewhat thinner do you say like well
well well more difficult like quite a
bit more difficult significantly more
difficult to hit the dragon than the
lizard man yes okay and of all the times
you fought it had have a collection have
you ever been fighting it what is the
most terrible piece of magic you've seen
come from this dragon we have seen it
cast many spells over the hundred or so
years it's been attacking our city off
and on you know not every month for a
hundred years
it started out small you know how this
continent here Arcadia is a breeding
ground for dream green dragons they will
lay their eggs here in large clutches
and let them grow here before they move
on to other areas so anthrax started out
as a small beast in the jungle slowly
getting stronger and stronger the most
terrifying spells we've seen her cast
are hmm we have not seen her cast a
single offensive spell they've all been
supporting spells a minor teleportations
the ability to vanish into thin air the
ability to turn night I'm sorry day into
night ability to cause small earthquakes
that sort of thing when you say about
she vanishes to thin air do you mean
that when you fire at her she'll still
bleed from that spot she's just
invisible
she gone but she's vanished before
completely without us being able to see
where she is and what definitely wasn't
in the same spot and other times she
simply is invisible and you can see the
footprints as she marches away and the
shaking of the wine in our glasses
because somehow for some reason we have
them out while my fighting I want to
know when did the fighters normally use
Spears and bows okay and could we they
instruct them to mostly focus on the
wings we can that's an area of less
concern typically since its wing shots
are not going to kill her ever but I see
your point if you want to disable her
flight yes you say this attack from the
dragon on your village will be its last
and we'd like to prevent her escape I
see well we don't know when she'll be
here so keep be ready alert okay oh geez
you attacked the wings yeah it no escape
we beat it with a stick we win I will
instruct the Guardians to focus on the
wings yeah that real good make sure to
make a big hole if you want to know how
to make hole you talk to IDE he make
biggest hole he loved more than I know
she looks Lulu of course you all have
fought the dragon plenty of time so I'm
sure you do not need the general wisdom
of fighting against the dragon but you
know try not to group up I had a great
idea is there any tar village yes all
right that caps fire right it does burn
all bit B it slowly could we pour it
like tar in the holes too and then light
that on fire of course I do not mean to
question your wisdom o great sorcerer
how will you know where to dig the holes
all we're thinking them laying randomly
and hope to lead the dragon in to admit
come back
I see so if the dragon approaches the
city from a side where the hole is not
dug yeah that's I see well let us hope
dragon falls into a hole all right do
you guys have any other questions
anything else you want to tease out
about the dragon I have questions but my
character is not smart enough to ask
them in-game so I guess we have like the
highest ends of the party it's a goblin
but you have the highest end of the
party right he's done its best grub has
done its best
yeah what range can the dragon attack
you with some sort of ranged attack be
it I don't know that seems pretty scary
thirty feet for the breath from the
mouth although her neck is long and she
can reach out and strike from a
surprising distance she tends to coil
like a [ __ ] giraffe fighting fighting
close and then as people retreat
snapping at them from a distance you
know he'll cry boo you know how like for
every seven years a dog lives it's one
for a human it's like for every seven in
that a human has it's not one for goblin
all the way around but I get to mean
when this breath hits doesn't generally
spread out as a coat yeah
thirty feet long thirty feet wide at the
end terrible damage cuz I'm gonna I'm
gonna hit it with my but we're gonna be
good what's the DC on your web no saving
throw no saving throw I don't know I
just know it's a rule to hit it's not a
saving throw yeah so the +5 to hit is
that something you can repeatedly do
yeah so you should probably just let
every single tournament yeah that's why
I'm gonna do oh it kills me there's a
recharge
on the web it's a one in three chance of
coming back you try what will be the
character sheet to look at when a spider
SAP block to our spider stat blog it's
the same place where your brown bear
snap-loc is oh thanks crabby oh you even
drew a little picture for me of the
giant spider thing I drew that yes I did
this is my artwork you're an amazing
artist dude thank you
it says recharge 5-6 what's that mean so
you roll a d6 and on a five or a six on
a one to six it recharges oh yeah so
it's a one in three chance to get it
back every round it's a same for most
breadth weapons and that sorts of things
dragon has the same thing does that take
it action to roll it doesn't right no no
automatic so when you were this is not
me asking questions me asking kind of
rules thing so you were mentioning
shooting the wings doesn't actually
cause it damage is that true it won't
take any HP if you just pierce it
through the wing yeah it won't cause
damage to her core body but it may
disable her flight okay that's probably
fine trade off you have to disable its
flight yeah yeah we do yeah okay so I
have a few questions for you
logistically as I think I mentioned to
you during the break while there are 50
guards present no one really knows when
the dragons gonna attack or where it's
going to attack from so at any given
time when it strikes there's about 25
guards on duty and 25 guards off duty
and the 25 that are on duty are spread
throughout the town on the walls because
they're not a police force there like a
anti-monster force so there's no like a
it's not gonna be like the dragon shows
up in all 50 guards are there fighting
it so how do you want to deploy do you
want to stay as a cluster somewhere on
the walls cluster somewhere in the town
are you gonna spread yourselves out are
you taking the cleric with you what is
the radius or diameter of this town is
it like relatively circular how far is
it from an end
that's a [ __ ] perfect question let me
do some math here based on
built Yaka I will get that answer in
just a minute okay
in response to in general though since
it could be any amount of days I guess
as it gets closer to a month would
become to be more vigilant but we should
be pretty relaxed during the first weeks
but yeah well generally hang out
together wait what is why I'm saying we
can't be on guard for 24/7 I'd be pretty
uh Nancy if I knew that was a dragon
about to attack I was you asked had this
dragon attack during the night or has it
always been during the day almost always
during the daytime rarely at night okay
well it seems like we should set up
guard during the night then during the
day
yeah during the day we'll be vigilant
but during the night we just rest up
yeah yes so I'll be you are currently
all full rested with all spells he's
calculating the HP for the dragon I know
its density and I know its size but I
don't know its diameter
I think its diameter is 0.06 miles I'm
sorry it's radiuses point of six miles
any Oilers in chat so it should be maybe
like 350 feet across is the the size of
the village 700 people live in it it's a
pretty packed tightly dense village how
much time would it take to run from one
end of the village to the other let's
say it's 350 feet from one side to the
other but you can't be line so let's
call it 500 feet of movement and you can
move 60 feet around so take you 8 rounds
to get from one side of the city to the
other
if there are no impediments and you can
go full speed well let's just set up in
the center of the village and stay
somewhat hidden is it dragon considered
a humanoid no nice ok the party is going
to set up in the center of town are you
gonna bring the cleric is the third
gonna hang with you specifically or is
it going to be doing something else
somewhere else we can't ask the cleric
to be with us like 18 hours a day said
that ok no we put them in a building
give them like a temple and then when we
run back to him when we're screwed get
healed run back out well we did have a
plan to like at the beginning of the
fight hasn't bless us so how about we
aim to some we'll try to encourage the
clerk to set up near the middle of town
it's a good place anyways for a temple
right yeah mm-hmm all right so the
cleric 8 will try to stick around the
centre of town as much as possible but
they'll be like you know little Timmy
broke his arm someone needs to go patch
that up or yeah Janus is delivering a
baby cleric needs to be there sort of
thing can I cast animal friendship to
make my friend the dragon only if the
dragon is a beast I believe is it at
least that's a dragon it's a separate
category than beast can I have a spell
called dragon friendship absolutely wait
until you're level 15 and then you can
cast it I'm gonna hold you to that did
you
you killed that one so fast now all
right
just kill me at level 40 wait you gotta
give me all the hope and then I'm like
finally Claire boo and then I'll bring
you to level 15 and then I'll just never
put a dragon in front of you after that
this one's not a dragon
technically it's got arms and legs it's
a humanoid it's a dracolich undead it's
a dragon anymore
Oh are we looking how many holes are we
getting you I haven't rolled for how
many days it's gonna take hold on it
will take only four days to get one hold
ugh I am so sorry it's a big one it's a
great hole and it's got spikes in the
bottom and it's filled with tar and
paper the best hole it's it is the best
hole of all the holes you've dug now
because I know you put a lot of time
into lobbying for these holes I'm gonna
have you roll to see if the dragon comes
near the hole or most important role in
this is gonna be a d20 and you need a 20
you have a one in 20 chance cuz you only
go it it's a [ __ ] town 50 feet a crawl
print is it 19 or 20 you gotta give him
a nice crit you I didn't even believe in
you but you believed yourself and that's
the most important thing in the world
sky just rolled a six link on one fuse
oh that's insane
we should have believed it I didn't even
think of what this would mean I kind of
just like a [ __ ] role in heaven no I
didn't even bother figure out the
consequences of a success all right so
it's approaching from the whole side
okay all right so this is how it goes
down you're in the bitty one day it's an
ordinary day it's been four days since
the end of your long rest you've talked
with warriors you've talked with some of
the the Rangers who have scattered for
you
you've brought builders to dig holes
fill them with tar and spikes and stuff
and I could think currently ziz eidolon
as with some of the builders on a
different part of the town currently
digging a new hole cuz you know you're
digging holes and watching over them the
rest of the party is this one's is just
direct where the hole should yeah all
right good call this is not digging a
hole the whole party is in the middle of
town and I would most likely be admiring
the first hole because of how beautiful
you want to be right next to the hole in
the middle yeah what's that okay okay
all right so you're hanging out near the
middle of the town it's been you've been
in town for 11 days now the first hole
is dug the second hole is getting dug
the cleric is nearby he is in the middle
of teaching a young man how to stitch up
wounds properly they've got some fish
bones they made some very careful holes
in it to make some needle and thread and
that he's going over to be like them
lessons of sewing trying to stitch up an
orange and that is when the first cry
comes out there's the the sound of a
wounded man kind of like a gurgling his
last breath which is what alerts you to
the presence of the dragon
a moment later there is a loud
thunderous noise as little bits of Earth
and wood fly into the air you can see
ramparts kind of breaking up and you
know that the dragon is here anthrax has
arrived you have four rounds or and a
half rounds before you get to the wall
so I'm gonna go do some combat
simulation for a little bit while you
guys are on your way to the dragon
probably closer to five rounds the first
round is spent cleric now is the time to
bless us okay he did it fall in the hole
with an with a natural twenty this has
to have a huge impact on this fight I
haven't seen it yet do you know what's
happened yet already amazing enough all
right
so G the cleric will throw bless spell
on all of you the duration of bless is
not super long so I got to come one
minute so you'll have really each round
is only six seconds so it lasts for ten
rounds and it'll take five rounds four
rounds to get there so you'll have six
rounds of bless once you get to the wall
and let us see how much damage we can
get down to the dragon while you guys
arrive this human I carry so hard you
push your way through the city streets
as people go on the opposite direction
you're having to fight the tide as
people flee from the dragon you can hear
shouts and cries of combat coming from
the wall as the Guardians do their very
best I need to make some dice rolls here
to hold the dragon off two targets wings
right they are some of them are
targeting the wings those with bows
those with spears are targeting it in
the chest and arms and backs and you
know all the regular places hold on one
sec guys
sorry apparently I have been bogarting
the wine of the house and returns okay
you arrive at the walls four rounds
later I'm gonna bring you in I'm gonna
get your tokens I've made you a little
map of what the city looks like Oh baby
guy he does fit into a 10 by 10 cube
when he curls up because he's
technically size large Oh looking too
many girl guys the Bears is bigger than
dragon it's weird
fifth editions weird that way but that
is how it works
all right I always knew your whole let's
see the the front gate is maybe like is
just office actually we'll just put it
on screen right here and your hole is
right nearby I'm gonna put it on the map
in just a moment let's call that box
which I'm gonna color orange for you so
you can see it is the front deep and
your hole which I will internally color
yellow is right next to the front gate
not there it's like right here so the
people can come and go but like if the
dragon approaches the the gate the holes
there for it to slip into to the gate
let's get some jungle warriors over here
for us on the walls we'll have one two
three and then there are some more in
town coming up as reinforcements perfect
and since grub rolled initiative for the
party last time Eidolon why don't you
roll initiative for the party this time
there don't roll shitty okay whoa
thanks well about that okay aren't
carrying with this whole alright so
anthrax goes off this round she will
come to the wall and easily climb up it
takes a look from side to side no
enemies are within a second wait a
second wait a second if we're
approaching this before we start getting
into this we literally ask the question
does the fire come out in a 30 by 30
cone or not we would not approach it
like this can we have some time to
adjust our before she comes over the
wall and takes a single let's see 8d 25
and all of you are dead okay it's only
fair question is there a way to get out
there other than the gate or like you
climb up the wall from some stairs
somewhere you there are the the back of
the wall is more just like an earthen
rampart that comes down so you can run
up to the wall at any point of it and
then it's a 15-foot drop so if you lower
yourself you can drop without taking
falling damage or you go through the
front gate or go right out I told you
said well was again 15 feet you'd have
to lower yourself to not take falling
damage so and practice will walk on over
I think she is supposed to be three by
three but for some reason her token got
messed up on this layer and we'll what
is she doing here she will start with
her multi attack of course and take a
bite at this person for a whopping was
they eat dog lost nine damage that is a
critical hit so she will just eviscerate
and eat this Guardian in one shot and
then use the rest of her movement to
stomp over here but I think that
probably limits her movement yep that's
as far as she can go this round house
has the seventh image with her one out
of three attacks is a multi attack
can you attack one person then attack
another than another or is a multitec
always in the same person no it can be
spread out okay all right it is the
party's turn okay um how how far can I
shoot the web let me know all the
information at your disposal
yeah I'm looking um okay
the question is are there are there a
lot of guards around because I only see
two guards on the map but that'd be said
there would be like 25ish right yeah
yeah but they're all spread out from the
rest of the city they are converging
they're coming if you scroll up you'll
see more guards oh I see I see okay very
cool okay awesome
yeah can I learn my character here right
next to the hole
absolutely and then I also like I like
that's like yeah I don't know this
wouldn't take an action but I like try
to thy signal for guards to get closer
to me and fight around the hole sure
yeah you whistle and wave them over and
then I'm a G method the dragon oh [ __ ]
do it
unleash your magic missile magic
missiles a beautiful spell because it
always hits is it broken again or still
for some reasons all of your spells got
broken and I don't know what it was that
did it let me replace your magic missile
spell with a new magic missile spell and
try it again we we also want to talk
about we're going to initially aim for
the wings right there we go until it
looks like you can't escape yeah
absolutely
you hit the dragon for 11 points of
damage the magic missiles pierced
through its hide all over the place and
it whips its head around to look at you
the wings right every injured spot yeah
you aim for the wings because magic
missiles don't miss okay yeah right
right so never mind it doesn't take any
damage to its core body but you do
puncture three large holes in its wings
that shred them to pieces that's
actually pod that is part of one of the
dragons wings is
am i operational right now the other one
is fully operational anyone else in the
party I'll come over here I have 30 feet
of movement mm-hmm so I'm gonna take 30
feet of movement and then i'll take a
dodj action here okay
grub will hmm
grab we'll move over here and then grub
is going to ready and ready a spell I
think ready absolute level one spell
whoo all right yeah what are the
conditions on which the spell goes off
and if the conditions fail to happen the
spell still dissolves results I mean
okay no the spell dissolves right it you
lose the spell slot yes yes the
condition is if if it comes over here
it's an entangle spell and it's going to
hopefully it falls in the hole and then
we cast entangle that's the plan okay so
you can see the hole through the open
gate yeah and are you talking about if
it goes in the entangle area or over
here oh if the dragon comes into the
hole I'm casting and taking right into
the hole okay yes the wall and entangled
did you say that preparing that already
uses your spell it's a risk I have to
take so you're spending your spell ought
to aim at this hole right now I'm using
my I can cast entangle no matter what it
just depending on what happens if
entangled doesn't work then I lose the
spell slot but it's worth the risk
because if it doesn't we have it yes
okay yeah quickly from within lots of
buildings I shoot off a hair oh and a
wig okay
all right against the damaged wing or
the undamaged wing Oh sprout damaged I'm
damaged wing okay doo doo doo should I
roll damage perfect thank you very much
and you hid the undamaged wing which is
now damaged and I am marking them
separately so I don't forget which ones
which okay and I'm gonna duck behind
this mess of buildings right good I am
timid a there's a minor action uh yeah
how do you want to intimidate the dragon
I like I'd taunt it I wanted like I mean
dragons are like prideful and arrogant
donut I yell at it you're the smallest
and puny striving I've ever seen
[Laughter]
give me an intimidation check from your
character she Wow uh you know close to
home and for good reason you don't know
this but anthrax is the smartest of her
litter but also the smallest of her
litter she did end up eating all of her
brothers and sisters but she has spells
while they didn't and she hears your
words and cranes her neck back to look
at you it is now the npc's turn and this
woman on the walls in his wedding event
I bolt
she goes off and runs because she's just
about to die there and the
reinforcements are getting a little bit
closer this one will come to here and
hurl a spear at the dragon Wandy 20 plus
5 a hit is a 14 that misses I just will
deuce with dice that's why I have dice
they have all been instructed for a wing
attacks right this one will get to there
can't make any attacks this one will get
to here here let's remember guys we have
bless all so so everything is defo yeah
plus 1 to 4 on everything yeah all
teared here oh don't want to be close to
allies there this one will come through
you've already moves perfect
it is anthrax turn again as we tick back
to the start of the round she's heard
your insult and turns towards you
does some quick math in her head she's
gonna stomp over here gets up on the
earth and rampart and breathes some
poison gas at you and this person right
here and I will need you wait can I
tangle her first cuz I ready to spell
yeah do it uh Castine entangle so at
that moment all like the roots and
things come up and like yes so it's
gonna be entangled up on the wall now
it's better than taking a breath it wait
why would it on take a breath hit if it
gets restrained you can't use this
breath really they've the the yeah it
has to it can't do any action it's all
it does that is not what restrain does
wait really
that it's not what restraint does oh let
me clarify are you doing the web in
general are you doing that planned oh no
this isn't a this is entangled this will
keep the Dragons feet bound to the
ground so she can't move
wait that's [ __ ] useless can I do
that not I didn't know the rules now the
powers Devin entangle goes off on the
dragon area did you put the scroll yes
you did and she gets a what is it a deck
save to avoid she rolls a 22 on her
decks a very good roll I did good guys I
got ignores it and then she breathes her
poison breath all over the front guard
and you I need you to make me a DC 13
Constitution saving throw Eidolon you
got a dune at 20 easy don't tell me you
waste your only not win that hole you
dug your own [ __ ] grave alright you
will take half damage of whatever this
rolls half of 2814
d68 d6
poison damage yes sir and she's used her
breath weapon for the now and that's all
she can do that round it is the party's
turn what are the conditions of her
wings I'll announce cards [ __ ] dead
the one wing is one shot away from being
in unusable and the other wing is three
shots away from being unusable what is
one way individual shots okay so two
shot are shots of damage or is it just
hits any any hit will penetrate and
break the wing regardless of the amount
of damage it would have dealt can I do
dragonfly with one wing are these like
jet engine standards or whatever like
FAA no way of knowing the answer to that
question no [ __ ] way it is a
dragonfly with one wing that's the
answer okay seems like a logical
explanation do I get advantage if I
fight from this point no the other guard
is too far away to be giving granting
advantage she's one extra tile off well
there's a knife threatening yeah isn't
that convert wait
they have Spears that's not a ten range
weapon it's not no all right what's the
plan guys I use my shatter you're gonna
shatter her yeah okay put it in there DC
13 save 4d 10 for 10 damage okay
Constitution save is a 20 she takes half
damage from that but the loud clap goes
off your ears ring small little bits of
a porcelain figurines shatter into
little bits of dust around you okay
grub is sweet shatter is a radius spell
right mm-hmm that's Nate we spoke I
always bump does it do any damage to the
wings it's not gonna do its no Edward
it's doing damage to the creature
instead of to its wings all right yeah
yeah what else could you possibly expect
huh yeah wing is the damage was the left
or the right wing grub is going to cast
okay
how is them how's uh I don't want doing
well house is HP look I've had at 23 oh
wait oh yeah so it's the green
background behind him that makes him
look like he's fine oh I see it I see it
okay yes oh I see
grub is going to transform into the
giant spider okay and then it come the
spider move up on the wall oh wait can
you give me a spider token I'm bringing
it out come here Spidey how much can a
spider move as much the spider can
excellent
30 feet I'm also need you to roll me for
D 10 plus 4 for hip points can do boss
oh good perfect that's that starting HP
okay
the spider how far does it get 5 10 15
20 25 30 so it can attack in this round
yeah this is up to you but do you want
to keep the entangle spoken uh I I don't
need to concert anything else right now
so I might as well right yeah yeah okay
so the spider can get in the spider web
and attack into actions it can write it
can use this weapon that it can attack
no they are both separate actions
alright it's going for the web mouth the
butt mouth plan from from adjacent to
the dragon are you sure you want to do
that from adjacent to the dragon what's
wrong with it
it's a ranged attack you'll have
disadvantage since you're at point-blank
range
okay so then grub will wait so how far
can I shoot at 30 60 feet yeah
34 no penalty to hit
and 60 at disadvantage okay so let's go
to 30 behind the skirt sounds good now
give me a web attack Howard okay let's
see it click the web button click the
web button you mouse over the text it
turns red just click the red web text
there you go a 12-2 hit oh no good the
web shoot that the dragon and it's sort
of just like turns slightly in the web
hits one of its wings and it shakes it
off and the web is like I don't know if
it'll matter but oh that your role
addition to 1d for 3:15 is not good
enough to hit the dragon
better AC little lizard folk as a my
interaction can I continue intimidating
the dragon absolutely even more angry
now that it can't even move
yeah oh it can't move it passed it save
it can just keep cruising wait so is it
it's not sucking anything a little right
now like no it is not untangled in the
slightest
okay how does that work nope if you pass
you're saving instant angle you just
walk away awesome I'm committing to team
whole so I say I can't believe I don't
even think you're a real dragon you're
more like a lizard oh my god painful
words the the Dragons already kind of
pissed at you from before it shrugs
these off cuz it's clearly a dragon it's
not like you're swinging too low down on
the belt now that it's like not even you
know it's like when you're in an insult
contest and then someone says something
so far out of left field like that's not
even worth it you know dragon doesn't
give a [ __ ] about this insult Yvonne
you're the only one left to go
our ready to tax reactions or
opportunity attacks or can you read our
reactions okay yes you can't ready an
attack on a Tech twice right crimson
with me do what wanted with me we're
about to get it in the hole go team hole
I'm sweetooth I'm just gonna pop out
real fast and shoot it's damaged wait
it's really David no good you're no jams
[Music]
I'll come out here and I'll walk by and
and and I'll try and intimidate it as
well I don't think I'm very intimidating
but Oh what are your words to incite
dammit Steven channel into your inner
Starcraft 2 I can't use those anymore
I'll get banned
I see the dragon I recommend it use some
moisturizer because it looks it has a
real cracked skin oh my god
I jammed my inner Lilly Picchu okay I'm
walking away with that one well you only
needed to be a fourteen plus 24 and the
dragon looks at her skin look at you she
doesn't have a lot of suitors around
here maybe it's because of her skin
maybe it's cuz she's the only dragon on
the land but you're making her feel
self-conscious about herself
alright dragons turn wait I moved 10
feet so I have ten more feet of movement
oh can you is there any chance you like
drag the map more or yes like give me
some space to the bottom right and then
we will do this and hey I would like to
move here that at the end of my turn
wait wait is intimidation is that a we
he said bonus action yeah yeah that's
fine that's just like you're shouting up
the dragon while you're doing this [ __ ]
okay if you ready a Dodge do you get
like advantage on like saves or if you
take the Dodge action you they get
disadvantage to hit you and I think you
get advantage on deck saves but let me
double-check well I'm not sure what kind
of saves are usually for magical spells
depends on the spell could be Wiz in Dex
okay I don't care I'm gonna move over
here okay
it imagine if the whole work it's got it
we wrote him what if we got rule of 20 I
can't read their dogs right you could
just take a Dodge you didn't do any
actions on your turn did you I did the
feather oh you did the shadow right so
you cannot dodge no let's see until the
start of your next turn and the attack
rolled made against you has disadvantage
and you make dexterity saving throws
with advantage perfect okay
the guards come along this one on the
backside hurtles her spear +5 to hit is
a Miss and now she's out of spears so
she needs to bolt and go grab another
one this guard is gonna show up pearl
her spear that's actually gonna be an 18
which will hit one of the wings it will
hit the less wounded of the two wings
one wing is one hit away when wing is
two hits away this guard over here will
throw a spear miss this will throw spear
miss this one will come down and throw a
spear and hit the more injured wing
which now is just it's covered in holes
there's a big spear hole that would like
threw it and then kind of back down is
resting on the wings it is ripped to
shreds this guard will get to here
that's as far as she can get this round
Anthrax's turn first we were all ado 6
to see if her breath weapon recharges
and it does so she turns to face this
direction where you guys are see how she
can hit all of you in this 30-foot
breath weapon cone yeah she's gonna back
up to whatever distance is the right
distance to make that happen
and back up to the hole no back up this
way and throw a breath weapon at these
guys so spider
give me a Constitution saving throw
weight or take 40 damage point of my
intimidation what
do you have intimidated her right now
she's breathing her breath weapon but
she hasn't finished her turn okay so
it's it's hitting how is the cone work
it's 30 feet long and 30 feet wide at
the end so you can see that this is the
end it's 30 feet wide a constitution
saving throw isn't a spider
immune to poison are you I don't know
but it makes sense because it has spider
poison I don't think a spiders immune to
dragon poison why not I don't know man
I don't know but it's not you pass you
only take half damage you take seven
that was a shitty role on that 86 if you
mouse over that 14 you can see how bad
of a role that is yeah it is in fact
even if all of these guards fail they
will all still live because they have at
least 15 HP so this one is wounded this
one's at one out of 15 can you see these
yeah yeah yeah that's enough and then oh
wow they they all have only 15 HP
they're really shitty
okay alrighty
wait a second this walls supposed to be
15 feet high how was it wrecking
shooting to the wall she's tall enough
that she can like her neck can crane up
and look over okay close what do you
expect huh
and now the dragon is gonna come right
for our dearly beloved Idol on is gonna
walk here here and here right into the
trap one Idol on the dragon we'll get
some sort of deck save to avoid falling
in the trap like we always get whenever
we run into traps so we'll give her a 23
on the deck save is more than enough to
like start to foliage she rolled a night
for that cheese yeah
so she pauses at the edges like the
ground gives way
oh no looks up at you eidolon and gets
like a really wicked grin like she's
proud of the trap that you've laid for
her and she like puffs a little smoke
out of her nose
now it's the party's turn oh [ __ ] wait
for being intimidated by destiny I mean
you both intimidated her yeah
does she ignoring your intimidation so
intimidated that she's gonna ignore have
disadvantage stop wait a second is she
intimidated does that mean I get
advantage on attacks no intimidation
does not have a mechanical benefit
there's no like there's nothing person
there's no like you have the
intimidation tag you now get XY and Z
it's all right way right let me walk you
through this imagine you're a big dragon
right your pride you're proud to be a
dragon first you get insulted called
like a small dragon which you've been
bullied your entire life about and then
not only that but right after being
called a small dragon you get insulted
for your skin I would not be thinking
straight I would be angry and distracted
and the dragon just like Charlie Charlie
oh and not only that my wing that I love
is full of holes
I would be angry what size is this
creature she is size huge which size do
I get to be medium or my your medium
oh so that's just one size larger than
me medium large huge two sizes larger if
I tripped her while she was like barely
gaining purchase right there with that
car that have fallen to the pit if you
could somehow land and attack on her
while she was falling into the pit I
would give her disadvantage on that deck
save if she in the process of falling
into that pit right now or I mean she
was charging towards it did you how did
you have an action left over no you
could is there something you could do I
mean it's my turn so I can I do
something now oh I see what you're
saying yeah okay so she hold on Brooke
I'm still trying to figure out I don't
want lawyering okay because it's boring
was good you know that was I felt
insulted by it I'm gonna give her an
extra a we'll save to see if she is so
frustrated by the last intimidation so
she needs to beat well the D for not
that tier 15 on your intimidation Steven
Rowland d4 yeah because you got blessed
so you get plus t4 on all of your
attacks and say enter for the day shares
of 19 oh okay so she's got a beat a 19
on this wisdom save to of two would not
be so enraged that she has disadvantage
on this check six all right
she does have disadvantage on the check
and a 13 is not enough she will step
into the hole fall to the ground idle on
give me a d6 for the spiky damage that
she takes this she falls 10 feet and
lands on some spikes holy [ __ ]
[Laughter]
here we go party can I go first burning
hands and can I hit both the tar and the
dragon absolutely whoa dudes this is
carrying my man let's go I'm just trying
to find there
ten damage if she fails at the 13 deck
save what she passes she will take five
damage and the Tarble ogre will set on
fire on fire damage oh there's a bonfire
spell that does d8 damage great so why
don't you roll me an additional one da
damage for the damage the bonfire does
to her below her win some lose some
alright rest of the party I I moved back
inside I don't want to stand out here
with the dragon she will bite at you as
she takes an opportunity attack she was
my uncle in the hole she might be a
dragon but she's got a long freaking
neck she's like you know her body is
like 15 feet long her Ted is like 10
feet long he's got a like a five-foot
head on her as well so even though she's
below the ground level her head still
snakes above can I wait until other
people are attacking her then and maybe
get away and okay that's fine
wait for your action rest of the party
all right I'm going to go up on this
wall it's in a bit does that mean I get
advantage on this boat attack Oh No if
anything she has covered because she's
underground and not fully visible for me
I'm on a wall though so you might be
able to get a full vantage point on her
but I don't think that grants advantage
unfortunately good high ground doesn't
do that in 2 pi be squeezed into a hole
unfortunately the hole is big enough to
comfort Lee comfortably fit her
wait let me let me go first ok 30 feet
what 18 is gonna hit oh let me see I
don't have any advantage but okay okay
I'm good perfect
if I'm here I should be able to I can
reach right 10 feet reach absolutely
alright
while I'm here I will take a swing with
my halberd umm +4 to hit 27 hit is for
sure hit right absolutely so I don't
think there's a restriction on size for
the trip attack you want to look that up
oh no no wait said the target is
enlarged
this is a huge target this is a huge
target okay what is it what can you add
the 1.d4 to literally everything that
sort of thing so like little checks
superiority die without can I add it no
no no no it will never add damage oh
okay okay okay yeah all right so then my
damage is going to be eight I'm gonna
throw every check just to do damage so
thirteen damage altogether
alrighty thirteen to the dragon and then
I'm going to swing with my Halbert but
Oh fifteen to hit does that hit it's a
plus B for but you wouldn't hit yeah
it's oh it's a plus 1 D for okay yeah so
if I use my precision die here would or
wouldn't add to that my to hit role
adding on a precision die so you would
roll the one before from the blessed and
then the one da from the precision die
okay only one D for one time right yes
okay I'll just go ahead and toss a
precision precision die here to see if I
can I'm actually no I won't never mind
okay I'm gonna do an action search here
though and I will take all right second
attack 21 we hit okay damage that's some
damage um to join in on this can I use
quicken spell to be used by a bonus turn
yes yeah yeah um so you said that the
tower was smaller slow to burn is all of
it burning yet all the flats all on fire
but it'll burn for a while
right doesn't produce large flames but a
lot of do another satyr then I think you
can still only cast a can't rip right
now you can cast a spell there's weird
rules regarding spell casting casting
two spells at once when you use quicken
spell it changes one of your spell's
from an action to a bonus action but
when you cast spells two spells in
around one of them has to have a bonus
action and the other has to be a canned
trip you can't cast to spell slot spells
unfortunately oh never mind then okay
but I can I move without the dragon
fighting yeah
nope okay : button range let leave that
to grub
a grub is going to shift out of spider
form and cast up like roots that come
out from the ground of the pit to try to
entangle the dragon in the pit okay
throw me and I've got a ruler you that
this should be a disadvantage because
it's in the pit doesn't have the roots
yeah the roots are coming from like the
walls and the sides not just below it
yeah it definitely has disadvantage oh
yeah okay here it comes all right DC
1330 saving throw at disadvantage
NoHo passes with flying colors natural
15 natural 16 on the sames grub will
move back behind this building and use
the nimble goblin thing to hide all
right
it is wait is it strength not decks
we've got the chat lawyers coming out
straight saving throne whatever it's
still a natural 15 and natural 16 okay
still beats any a modifier he's beating
I'm still better off running away right
I don't know is your coal man you're
like oh oh no it's the NPC's turns
alright these wounded guards are done
faint
they ain't sticking around any longer
they're [ __ ] off we let's see you
went to go get a spear you want to go
get a spear you can come into the fray
today but you'll have to use all of your
movement to get into attack range you
can go to here and hurl your spear at
disadvantage eleven and eleven plus five
is a sixteen is still gonna be miss and
this one over here can climb up onto the
wall and hurl her spear five and five is
ten is a Miss it is Anthrax's turn the
dragon is going to cast spell dragons
gonna cast miss you step she doesn't
want to be this hole
she's tired of this [ __ ] she will
instantly blink and teleport to 30 feet
away and then she will turn her back on
the jungle on the the city and run as
fast as her dragon legs will take her so
she is 1 2 3 that's 15 feet 25 feet off
the map way way way but he has to see it
yeah they still down the hole she's tall
she's got like a huge body and a long
neck her head is above the hole here's
here's it's clear Boop the entangled
terrain is difficult even if they resist
the so it was half movement through that
but she know it doesn't matter she just
casted out of it I'm sorry alright yeah
all good yeah alright so she was 25 feet
off-screen so she is 65 feet from from
zai so and she gets to see if her spell
her breath left and recharges it does
not 25 feet off-screen means that I can
I still get next to her for an attack or
[ __ ] hold on where did I push she had
blinked 30 feet so she blinked there so
you you cannot get to her and attack at
the same time I can't get to her and
attack at the same time but I could
theoretically use my bonus action to
take a dash right there we go you could
bonus action - and catch up with her
okay hold on Malthus now for me we're
going big means here okay so we're gonna
we're doing our trigonometry here can i
bonus action - oh yes I want to - to
where I am
wait no turtle wait you know that I want
to bonus action - so that I'm 10 feet in
front of her do I have enough space to
do that I'm just trying to figure out
where exactly she is it should be 5 feet
off-screen 5 10 15 20 25 K this is
exactly where she is perfect wait people
are saying I don't have a bonus section
a - I thought everybody could - or not
not a bonus that Joe
like use my action to - I'm sorry that's
what I'm you can use your action to -
yeah that's what I mean yeah sorry yeah
okay
can I can I get 10 feet ahead of her am
i able to do that where's the ruler
[ __ ] ruler
yeah you could run up and in front of
her alright I got your back huh yep
elder Ahn was brave enough to stand
above the pit and stare down into the
abyss so I will - my Halbert out readied
and stand in front of the dragon will
not ready for an attack but spiritually
ready upon I lost that by - up - right
behind the dragon ten feet I want to be
10 feet in front of that so that when it
moves forward it provokes an attack of
opportunity do you understand okay wait
a bit yes I think the entire party needs
to take their turn I'm at that better
you gonna cut shatter on the dragon yeah
all right what help what's the AoE of
shatter and foot radius okay you can
find a way to cast it on her that
doesn't hit any of your allies twenty
foot diameter yeah okay
yeah perfect okay she will make a
constitution saving throw you will roll
a 13 on the damage she passes and she
will take six points of damage from the
shatter the dragon is unhappy grub can
move 80 feet in bear form
I believe so if grub turns into a bear
grub can get right here yeah yeah right
there okay or well actually no eighty
feet so one a head one one oh you were
one off-screen unfortunately to be able
to be here right no no because your if
you look where you are you're off the
map already by one tile you were next to
the the building and the building is
right there so okay so right so I
whatever I draw a plus five feet so I
can't go so this is 75 no this is yes I
thought yeah yeah
I'm sorry excellent okay so now if it
moves okay great
we're good yeah all right the party has
caught up to the dragon the Guardians
are happy just to let you [ __ ] take
it from here this is what you guys were
hired to do anyway they're [ __ ] out
Anthrax's turn well alrighty and I gotta
roll my HP yes please do
plus 12 yes thirty-eight instead of
thirty-four perfect makes alright she's
gonna cast invisibility [ __ ] it
Oh visible you can't see her if she's
invisible she fell into a pit with a
bunch of tar there nothing marking her
body right now when she walks you will
see footprints of where she goes but you
cannot take opportunity attacks on
things you cannot see so she will not
provoke any OAS as she moves but you
will be able to see her footprints as
she stomps away the Tigers own the tar
what about it yeah should we go
invisible with guitar technically cuz it
anything that's on you get becomes
invisible as well correct that's how we
know miss if she cats invisibility if
she casts invisibility is that an action
it is an action so she can only move 30
feet away or whatever 25 540 because
she's got to move speed of 40 okay so
she should be what 20 feet away from me
if she was here and she's moving like 40
feet away is it my turn yeah I'm just
gonna make this math law taller all of a
sudden question wouldn't she have taken
more damage on the start of our turn
from the fire in the pit Oh
would she have taken more damage when
she missed he stepped out of the pit
there would be a little bit of tar stuck
to her that would probably still be
burning she might have taken a little
damage at the onset of that round I
guess there should be some sort of
saving throw to see when the damage goes
out that's usually how these repeating
effects happen
what spell does continual damage as
Asadero
sorry one second mm-hmm let's see Splash
Damage no saving Pro what's spelled is
damage over time does anyone know of any
spells off the top of the head and 5e
that do damage over time well what's
that burning [ __ ] you used to use
I'm not R and an armor and [ __ ] oh he
metal yeah yeah that's a little weird
but that's definitely some dots I'm just
gonna give her a a con save to see if
she can if it would have like gone out
or whatever okay her 13 yeah that beats
your spell save DC so she's out no good
casting they stole my friends just do
they get an opportunity Texas he's down
casting does not provoke opportunity tax
okay but I can see like big ass [ __ ]
feet in the ground so I should be able
to run forward an attacker yeah yep I
just don't get an opportunity attack you
are at disadvantage because you cannot
see her even if you know the square that
she's in um so yeah if I cover her with
any kind of liquid would people people
be able to see her maybe for that one
round but the liquid roll off quickly
that's a clever idea the liquid would
roll up quickly so I couldn't jump to
her cover her and like a viscous liquid
and then have my party like move next
her for opportunity attacks if she tries
to relax with what do you want to cover
if I run and jump on top of the dragon
and I like cut my arm open or whatever
and take like an attack against myself
and like bleed on it no I don't think
you can produce enough blood fast enough
to cover the dragon you would need to
have like a bucket with you that you can
splash on her can't you insert your
weapon into the dragon then we know
exactly where to attack oh can I do that
like you know that are pulling it back
out when you hit just leave it there so
you want to just stab the dragon and
leave your weapon in it mm-hmm yeah so
you can kind of like mark her like you
can see her footsteps oh you know wait
vaguely where she is if you can get your
weapon in her and leave it it will just
like bob and weave through which will
make it easier to see from if she more
important steven every single time you
attack it and you get a hit it has to
roll concentration and see if it fails
invisibility disabilities a
concentration spell okay where is the
dragon I couldn't know this because this
got used against me yeah where is the
dragon yeah you see where the the
footprints are that I yeah there she is
so I can move here and then take well
hold on you walk there and you bump into
the dragon you literally like walk into
her wing wait so it's a dragon literally
like right next to me or jet you ran
into her again and again stop running
[Laughter]
okay so those footprints are where she's
standing like right now yeah okay Prince
I want to stamp step here then am I like
on a tree or what is this no that's a
big bush like it's a big cluster of
bushes and [ __ ] maybe stand here or to
the left over here can I do that yeah
that's fine okay and then I would like
to take a swing at it with my halberd
alright you have way disadvantage cuz
you cannot see it but you know you're
attacking the right square so you don't
have to worry about auto missing but
that's gonna miss anyway okay before
you're still not gonna make it to 17
wait let me know it's 9 okay um can I
I'll take my bonus action with the butt
of my halberd go for it
19 19 that will hit disadvantage so it's
a natural one fail okay grubbé the bear
runs to where watched where the dragon
was and can attack it from wait wait
wait wait wait wait I can hit no matter
what with our missile so
but you have to see it to hit it and you
don't you can't see it you know where it
is but you you need a visual to see it
to target it with that spell Grubbs
should be able to flank the dragon and
cancel out the disadvantage right with a
biting quality on the mirror does
flanking cancel out disadvantages
ability well I don't know if that will
do that cuz you the part of flanking is
that you're like distracting the
creature it's being pulled between the
two of you but you guys are kind of like
staring into space I don't I'm gonna see
if I can find some rules on that because
that's a very clever edge case very
clever where's it BMG it pulls that like
80 books I got a million books for this
[ __ ]
that's so anyone just want to take a
turn when I look the second you leave
the ground right you could a away the
ground or AoE the area where the dragon
is no problem so sorry oh you're burning
hands could easily hit it if your magic
missile can well I could also use my
three sorcery points to restore shatter
and then shatter ooh or idolan could
like acid splash yeah anything to just
break the concentration of the spell
maybe I think advantage from any source
always the gates disadvantage but I'm
not as good at five years I know as I am
a tool that is correct yeah the only
thing is I'm wondering does flanking an
invisible creature grant advantage
because it's a weird flanking situation
but you're right about the other bit I
can't use us as much because I have to
choose the target but for shadow I can
choose the ground correct
so can I do all that in one turn use my
story points and shouting it takes a
bonus action to convert sorcery points
and then a regular action to cash adder
possum I do that alright I'll put it in
this I have a I have a comment on the
thing at this time
do you see 13 Constitution saving throw
is a failure the dragon will take the
full 11 points of damage here boom what
was your question Devin okay so the the
way that I understand flank to work is
this based on the threat of an enemy in
that square which I do so in a creature
that is invisible that is flanking
someone would not threaten that square
but a permissible creature is threatened
by a not by me and by destiny so it
would actually it was brings up a good
point do you threaten an invisible
creature see it took damage it took
damage right that doesn't break
invisibility though does they have to
make a saving throw to maintain
invisibility oh yes that's what you're
talking about got it yeah here's the con
save 20 yeah alright it's still own but
good calls how do we see it threatening
[Music]
because it says flanking only requires
that an ally threatens the square you
still threaten a square on an invisible
creature in your reach you threaten all
squares in which you can make a male
attack even when it's not your action
and anything that takes certain action
was digitized uh this is flaking only
requires an ally threatens a square
alright I think you are still I think
you are flanking it yes yes you are
flanking it so that they should be
normal attacks these should be normal
attacks yes okay then I'm gonna use
inspiration that put them in advantage
only the first one comes an advantage
but yes go for it the bite okay what's
good let's hope my bad goblin jokes paid
off doesn't stack advantage like that
inspiration okay good oh I know you burn
your inspiration whether you it is
needed or not and I mean it wouldn't be
helpful because two advantages isn't
helpful oh I see what you're saying
right right
okay you keep the dragon twice against
all odds' dragon for seven oh my god the
dragon you can't spare but you can see
blood like trickling like by [ __ ] to its
butt and if you hear grub right now it's
like I got the dragon but your Ritalin
chunk of dragon but oh and your size
it's like chunk of dragon fleshes your
teeth since these sort of touch to the
dragon would I know where to aim with a
quick and spell enough oh no I can't use
the bonus no you still no use the bonus
section to convert points but it does
the to con saves that's right to con
safe to maintain its invisibility con 1
on to con - i think is a fail i think n
plus half the damage does anyone
remember how this this guy notes we
gotta look it up it's really complicated
it's so dumb concentration C 10 or half
the damage you take oh it's fine
okay it's fine oh it's just exceeded its
ten or half the damage so it just needs
old leaven to fine
so after all a ten or worse - yeah
unless you do more than 20 points of
damage
[ __ ] that's hard okay yeah stuff all
right dragons turn in fact I'll go over
to the side here and then just jam it
with my quarter staff go for it and the
dragon is taking damage right we just
don't know how much yes yes you can see
its HP bar but it's not very big
all right I'm gonna use a flurry of
blows okay fluorine it you were unarmed
attacks arms right 9 is a Miss strike
one holy [ __ ] are you gonna bring it
down with a punch oh my god but you have
almost killed it with a punch it is
barely alive
to have it make a deck saving throw or
be knocked from can you do that on a
huge creature it doesn't say I can't
just says when hit impose one of the
following effects okay well it passes
okay wait there's these Trump still have
bless you know oh you can't go another
here yeah alright anthrax is turd ladies
and gentlemen oh holy [ __ ] what brakes
invisibility does it have to do checks
every time it's getting damaged to
maintain that invisibility zat like
economy yes that's what the cost that's
the Constitution checks has been making
oh it passed all of them nice mmm-hmm
smell ends for a target that attacks or
casts a spell so we can't blink wall
invisible oh this is tough time for the
dragon to start negotiating
all right we're gonna do some crazy [ __ ]
here we are going to earth tremor she
will appear right there and she will
cause a tremor in the ground with ten
feet all around her the area will become
difficult terrain no matter what and any
creature that fails its dexterity saving
throat falls prone and takes one to six
points of damage so all of you make me
dexterity saving throws what about me
I'm pretty far away not you you're good
Trump is standing Stephen Falls bare
grasses yeah perfect
did you do to do a failed creature so
only Vaughan is gonna take the four
damage and be prone do I do I get an
opportunity attack with Janice my threat
radius from invisibility how does that
work no cuz she hasn't entered it she
was always there to begin with
okay coins if the ground is looser too
difficult okay this did not work as
anticipated you were all supposed to
fail and be prone so she could walk away
and even have disadvantage on your
attacks and she'd be fine
breath weapon she cannot use her breath
weapon and cast a spell in the same
around
unfortunately however she can make her
melee attacks and that's what she's
gonna do now oh my god she will you're
prone so she's gonna attack you twice
buddy
she will claw for the 24 to hit and claw
with the 22 to his head advantage
yes drone five and six right oh yeah
claw texter she kind of weak I told you
she's the runt of the litter that wasn't
a story I was improvising that is like
deep lore here guys
her melee attacks are not great her bite
attacks are not great for her poison
breath weapon and her spells are [ __ ]
ridiculous does she get she gets like
multiple actions in a turn like she can
do the she go on the attack will the
spell cast part of a mold attack okay
yeah this is not great our dragon is
is here and she has movement left she's
gonna [ __ ] do it though this is gonna
take 10 20 25 30 35 40 points of doing
maths it's time for a punch right this
will provoke opportunity attacks from
all three of you including the person
going for the bite
Oh miss miss disadvantage on Vons but
everyone else makes them at regular you
know I want to punch it but I'm gonna
just hit it with this bat or try to man
what elf is no good Vaughn
17 no disadvantage 10 ooh
you barely miss her wait can I roll a
precision die on an opportunity attack I
think I can can you when you make a
weapon attack roll against a creature
you can expend one spirit a die to add
to the roll yes it's definitely over by
this dog okay the only gonna affect you
for five rounds it's definitely been
five rounds is it is it our turn wait
I'll try throwing a precision magic I
thought he's dead no or that ugh I never
meant for you Oh
magic missile laughs you've got to make
it use is how are you magic miss Elaine
how you want to do this right okay so
three three blue magic missiles go up
with my arm and shoot towards the dragon
umm and enter through its tail and then
sort of explode it a little bit she
blows up like a beached whale after a
week do it Goku hey do you guys remember
when I killed the dragon
[Laughter]
anthrax lays still and that is where we
will end our session for today when we
come back next week we will see the
consequences of slaying the dragon that
was so cool thank that did DISA's hole
actually carry the one day 20 hole so it
was like actually planning a fight if we
don't just run into a fight and try to
yes like that it actually works that was
very did great
never mind that I spent I don't know six
hours making the map of the dragon's
lair that you guys will never [ __ ]
use but that's fine cycle it later go
there and look for the dragon loot what
do you mean I'm sure she's got some
homestead in there thank you I really
appreciate that
Steven wait didn't I hear you say you're
never going into a dragon's lair
well not the dragon's dead it's a lot
easier exception we will do it yes
there's a big exception of the Dragon is
okay yeah of course there's an exception
can we assume that we're gonna level up
so that we can prepare that absolutely
yeah I don't know how much is worth but
you're gonna level hell yeah boys well
done yeah I said I said I wouldn't enter
a dragon's lair now it's just a cave
[Laughter]
alright go shout outs on because I had
to leave in like five minutes oh wait
let me give you the good screen BAM
okay got outs this looks really
depressing with all your green screens
guys I'm not gonna lie them sometimes
how I'm gonna do with the OBS camera so
you get like a background next time I
like you oh yeah I guess I could chroma
key you something I'll give you
something ridiculous what I did when I
all right shouts yeah go Devon your
first oh Jesus um hi I'm Devon - I hope
you really enjoyed the show we loved
doing it for you you can find me at
twitch.tv slash Devon Nash or discord GG
/ Devon I am like I do like Industry
talk about like all the things that are
going on the most important news in the
gaming industry so come join me every
day for that in the mornings okay thank
you so much next is this your balloon
alright my name is darren and i usually
play path of exile it's scissoring on
Twitter YouTube Instagram and twitch if
you like holes drop by my channel thank
you find me on Twitter up TV slash quavo
I do DD stuff you'll find me tomorrow on
twitch.tv slash destiny playing of dice
and men where they're going to be some
startling discoveries made and some
major plot developments we'll see that
tomorrow you don't know that way how do
you know that cuz I'm the DM we might be
walking off into the forest to become no
drop you're next
yeah Trump Sao watching for hearthstone
and legends runeterra whoo oh cool I'm
destiny and you can find me on Instagram
icon search destiny and twitch comm /
destiny or twitch I - you know the
things okay okay
is that everybody are we good that's it
well be bad everybody next week I
believe unless something catastrophic
happens mm-hmm
thanks a lot for joining us guys awesome
thank you hi everyone thank you it's
dangerous and we should talk about this
right now the list of random encounters
for the jungle is set you're gonna
