the father stay is amazing
subscribe now my name is welcome to the
Polish stage I am Justin Lee Petersen
today we have a debate on guns and the
Second Amendment I'm really excited to
have with me destiny they twitch
streamer a gamer and YouTube personality
and on my love this is bad
that's James of the red elephant do you
guys know each other I think we've
talked before briefly yeah yeah briefly
on someone's stream yeah oh yeah you
like him not really no what do you
dislike about him I guess we'll get into
that today over the gun stuff amazing
and so both of you have been on my radio
show and the first time you've been on
the Father's Day so do you believe that
human beings are in a fallen state I'm
already super grumpy because I see this
guy with this [ __ ] binder here
already has me [ __ ] tilted dude I
can't even [ __ ] believe this [ __ ] I'm
a father's day so do you believe that
human beings are in a fallen state not
necessarily no no you know Benina
how about you I would I would say yeah I
would resign you dress formally so I
could match the jeans and fleece
sweatshirt that this guy brought what
are you being being to be in a baller
state to me and I know you've you
explained this to me before and I forget
your exact definition but to me you know
wait what the [ __ ]
hold on thank you
a fallen state I guess in in the regard
that you're putting it in would be like
a fallen spiritual state why you don't
believe human bees are in a fallen state
yeah so weird I mean weird is subjective
I think we're in an era of unprecedented
access to technology wealth opportunity
education like all across the world and
levels we've never seen before global
conflict seems to be at like a
historical low there's a relative
stability around the world
we definitely have problems but I
wouldn't say we're anywhere close to a
fallen state and I compared to where
we've come from amazing you are a gamer
right the solid answer okay sometimes
yeah so does that mean you sit around
and play games sometimes yeah how old
are you 30 years old that's amazing
thanks you're never gonna get a woman
playing games aren't you still not
married right okay but I have women
already no I I mean I I don't know this
is irrelevant to the discussion of it
what are we supposed to say here I [ __ ]
[ __ ] like what am I supposed to how
am I supposed to respond to this like I
don't know what I don't know what I
don't know what happened I could
possibly go down here to not like but
I'm just warning you you're getting old
sitting there playing games you know
passing you by I'm doing okay I
appreciate the concern though Jesse okay
well fine when I let them know that
knocking on your door I any woman that
you would find I don't think I would
want it my intelligence about guns in
the second amendment all right what's
your stance on gun control I think that
there are problems with access to
firearms in the u.s. today and I think
there are a couple of pretty simple
changes that we could make to US policy
to kind of alleviate some of the
problems we have with deaths related to
firearms in the u.s. today you give me
an example a problem with people killing
themselves people killing other people
[ __ ] off pokey are you done with your
[ __ ] if you want to play message meant
discard okay because I would rather do
anything than Asian people dying
accidentally children killing themselves
with firearms stuff like that HIC c9 ine
is now a Tier one subscriber the gun is
like a force amplifier who you be so
somebody might have a a bad idea
or an inclination to do something bad
and a firearm gives you the ability to
do more bad than you would otherwise
for instance if I wanted to go on a
killing spree with a knife I'm probably
not gonna be able to kill as many people
as I could with a handgun or a rifle
that's amazing what do you say that it's
interesting because the gun that they're
talking about banning the most is the
ar-15 and it only kills about 30 people
a year although the people with ar-15s
only kill about 30 people a year versus
what he mentioned knives and hammers
killed many more people per year
according to the FBI so I don't know
it's interesting that the gun that kills
the least amount of people is the one
that they want to ban but I think the
pepper Bobby Gigi Catman okay
rule number one of gun debates rule
number one if you don't know anything
about guns shut the [ __ ] up okay too
many [ __ ] liberals have no [ __ ]
idea with the time when it comes to guns
okay you don't know anything about them
shut the [ __ ] up number two never get
baited into talking about ar-15
okay are they scary yeah Wow they're
real scary they're real spooky but you
know what they don't kill [ __ ] all in
the US okay they really don't it's like
50 deaths a year two assault rifles
whatever the [ __ ] that means
don't ever get baited into trying to
defend some weird democrat supported
assault rifle ban okay it means [ __ ] all
about anything okay yeah it's absolutely
true rifles don't kill very many people
in the air compared to other types of
violence the most some of the most
exaggerated violent events tend to
happen with rifles like the Las Vegas
shooting for instance but I mean they're
plenty of school shootings I think the
next shooter will be tech I want to say
use handguns handguns are typically the
the are not typically but they're
definitely by far the most deadly
firearm for shootings around the u.s.
have you ever owned a gun yeah I have a
Glock 17 and a Muslim and have you shot
it before yeah of course you're not
afraid of guns right no definitely and
you would never just get up
because if you didn't take your gun and
it would never shoot anyone or anything
right that's not necessarily true you
know Hugh so going on his own not on its
own but somebody could find the guns and
we could break into your house and use
the gun a child could find the gun I
mean that's amazing but they can also
find a knife yeah you have knives at
home they could but accidentally
shooting yourself with a knife or
accidentally killing yourself with a
knife is probably a lot more difficult
to do than with a firearm you
amazing do you own then yes have you
ever shot again yes and are you afraid
of them no why do they blame the gun
rather than the people I think people in
general human beings are always looking
for something to blame something on
right because they can't necessarily
explain evil right they can't explain
something as crazy as someone want it is
so hard I want you to know that it took
all of my willpower right here not to
get sucked into a philosophy debate well
what do you mean by evil sir it took all
of my willpower to stay on guns here so
you better uh I better get some klappas
for that one to a school and shooting
young innocent children so humans
I think inherently want to try to find
something to blame and we're saying the
same exact problem in London right now
so London has banned handguns the UK and
its entirety pretty much for the most
part is very difficult to obtain a
firearm legally in the City of London
however they're now putting metal
detectors in schools to detect knives
because people are killing each other
with knives over there they're talking
about banning tip nice doctors are
calling for knife amnesty programs over
there and they even have they have knife
turning bins on the street and in the
City of London remember one common thing
that people will do is they'll present
something as a negative and they'll talk
about it as a negative and then they'll
sit there and they'll try to get you to
explain why they're correct or or they
assume that they're correct so for
instance people will do this with it
yeah well in London they're trying to
put up detectors to keep knives out of
school so what do you think about that
right and your your default like your
default response like oh [ __ ] yeah he's
right like oh [ __ ] well what about that
right it's okay sometimes you just own
things right like oh they want to keep
kids from bringing in like combat knives
at school okay is that a problem
like should kids be bringing in combat
knives and [ __ ] the school like do they
need to I don't think that's a problem
is that a bad thing
like Police Department just did a study
a gang study and they're trying to get
rid of that study because Sadiq Khan
mayor called that study racist because
it determined that the majority of the
gang violence them also of you didn't oh
this guy [ __ ] hates black people
everything he has to do with guns is is
a dog whistle to getting rid of black
people in the United States it
determined that the majority of the gang
violence the majority of stabbings is
perpetrated by l'a teens and the victims
are black teens so if it big knife
problem their leaders have passed the
murder rate New York City recently man
New York City has 900,000 legally owned
guns compared to London which has you
know nearly
it's negligible the amount to legally
own guns in London so it's a difficult
situation but we can get into it
certainly how do you be fine um yeah I
mean I don't know how to deal with
concepts of evil I don't think we can
like legislate against making people not
know if I necessarily believe that
people kill themselves or kill other
people because they're evil it seems
like this is usually pretty predictable
based on a set of circumstances related
to their environment whether you have
one parent the household of you have
access to drugs depending what you live
with of Education your socioeconomic
classes live different actors that will
impact whether or not I guess your how
the perkily be to kill somebody I mean I
guess it's possible I notice it's kind
of like your theme is to always go back
to like demographics and gang violence I
don't know what statistics show that's
true sure I don't know what the
prescription there is even like what is
a suggestion I'm curious I want to do
yeah well I mean for instance Sadiq Khan
in London is reinstituting the stop and
frisk that he called racist free
previously so he's trying to do whatever
he's trying to go and get knife's offer
I mean they're having people going to
this is glad I'm glad I did this put the
pressure on him but what do you want to
do do you want to deport all the black
people like tell me what you would like
to do forcing him to this is something
that I don't do enough and actually I
got a really great piece of advice is
came from stalled and chat the
journalist guy who told me that it's
really good sometimes to force people to
actually defend your owning a Mosin old
action it to force people bolt-action
rebels are cool people can [ __ ] what did
I say oh I'm voicing the other person to
state a position and defend it it's
really important I don't do that enough
to people I usually just let them ramble
on schools in London they have this
hashtag knife free campaign in London
where they're putting it out of media to
have people go to schools and visit
people and tell young children wives
dangerous bring nice the schools would
not just London is perfect because it
just tells me that it's not the tool to
the person to use it is to kill someone
or perpetrate harm it's the person and
it's the people it's loot city Kahn's
going into the cities and literally
stopping gang members and taking knives
away from them or machetes and things
like that
I mean we can see that it's mostly gang
member to perpetrate gun violence in the
country right yeah that seems to be the
case okay so I mean if it's and with
mostly illegally obtained firearms
purchased on the street you can see that
that's not your inaudible
well even Michael Bloomberg would say
that even Joe Scarborough has said that
over 90% of all shootings of all crime
guns in the US and he's quoting
statistics have been illegally obtained
on the street they might say that but
that's not sure that that is true not
true because it comes from buddy obtain
firearms sure so that comes from a 2016
report that the Bureau of Justice
Statistics did right and it's oftentimes
a Mis cited the reality is that 90% of
guns that are used to commit crimes
aren't purchased from a retail stores
but only about 43% of those are
illegally obtained on the black oh I
knew that source oh yeah oh [ __ ] oh I
knew that one oh he's like oh [ __ ] what
oh he missed he definitely missed
sighted that [ __ ]
20% of those are obtained from family
members or other sources where they have
been legally acquired for instance in
Chicago I think 60% of firearm can be
traced back to legally acquired gun
shops that are just outside the city
right so your your I understand what
you're saying you're saying originally
the guns always purchased legally but is
it illegal in Chicago for instance is it
illegal to transfer a firearm from
Indiana to Chicago is that against the
law
not necessarily depends on how the sale
is done from one private person to
another this is what liberals miss otago
it is illegal to transfer a weapon and
bring it to Chicago and hold it without
going to a gun shop and making it in the
city of Chicago sure in the city of
Chicago but he makes these like so hyper
specific like well in the city in the
specific city of Chicago doing a private
I don't actually know if this is if
that's even illegal I don't know I
[ __ ] hate it when I like when I know
like the broad picture and then we get
into some weird it's like conspiracy
theory like well you say six million
Jews were killed but actually did you
know that this one gravedigger at in
1947 actually dug out and disproved all
of your things like I don't [ __ ] know
about anything you're talking about
dueling
you can transfer firearms one person to
another with STI NY the city of Chicago
what if you purchase before going to
Chicago but that's breaking the law
you're bringing the gun into the city of
Chicago from Indiana that's breaking the
law criminals don't follow laws that's
my point
sure but all of these guns are so and
then the gang members buy it doesn't
even finish that's not what you [ __ ]
said before you said before that all of
the the ninety was of the fires are
balling like the black market or some
[ __ ] these guns are being bought legally
and then brought in illegally that's the
problem
gang members on the street so if the
guns are sourced legally first I mean
I'm paying them illegally after might be
a thing but the statement 90% of guns
are bought and sold on the black market
when a friend could buy you a firearm
then you could just go from them it's a
much different picture than the idea
that all these guns are being purchased
illegally there are quite a few that are
purchased illegally sure that number is
far lower than the 90% why is it hard to
believe that more guns are brought into
our country and so illegally then the
guns that you claim a stool I mean
bought a gun stores because we have so
many illegal aliens coming in now and
you're bringing guns and you're selling
them because they're selling them in the
urban areas especially in Chicago they
have some of the strictest gun lock you
ever want to have well yeah the black on
black violence is out of control
tearing it from out of the city into
Chicago you're already breaking the law
so why would more laws stop that from
happening in my personal opinion you're
just restricting the people who like to
follow the laws from having an easy from
having an easy time of purchasing a
weapon for their leisure or whatever the
case may be I mean you said something
during a during the Joe Biggs debate you
said quote the United States has more
violent gun crime than any other country
in the world right now and you still
believe that to be true
I'm compared to Western countries I
believe that's true so but you said than
any other country not true if you want
to a place like Honduras or somewhere
violent if it's a kind of taken care of
I know a country he was going to
immediately because he does a [ __ ] all
the time
oh [ __ ] me why do people why is it okay
well huh you think that our people are
starving in America well actually if you
compare us to North Korea our people are
pretty like it's always like some dumb
[ __ ] like let's go to like some very
violent conflict ridden country compare
ourselves to them like mostly countries
like Honduras in Lima because I think we
should probably shoot to be a little bit
higher than that no pun intended why is
it is that like a ray Stinger why would
it be a race I don't know why Honduras
or Venezuela should be what we aim to be
a Brazil what's I mean Brazil has higher
gun violence than we do here how about
countries like France or Germany or the
United Kingdom or I mean if you I mean
if you want to look at in France and
Germany in the United Kingdom it says
according to the FBI here I think that
he does this I can't believe that he's
allowed a [ __ ] binder
compare us to those countries you have
to go into the statistics according to
the FBI here this is from the FBI's
website we have 33,000 violent street
gangs here in America per capita per
100,000 that's 9.8 per 100,000 in
America versus all of Europe which has
0.674 per 100,000 gangs to people so we
have many more gangs many more thousands
of gangs to people here than any of
those other developed countries do so
you've already conceded that most of the
guns the shootings in America
are perpetrated by gang members so why
wouldn't you concede that this is the
reason why we have higher gun violence
here in this country it's not even close
well you might take out your phone ask
cuz I feel weird it's like oh yeah well
actually according to a 1997 study by
the FBI homicide statistics wait like I
don't know it just feels weird I don't
want I don't know I wasn't in the mine
space where we're gonna have like a
source with me to like start reading off
like stats or whatever be the reason but
you can take a multi-faceted approach to
these problems if anything I could argue
you're making my point for me if there
are so many good gangs in the United
States maybe we should restrict access
to firearms more as a result of that but
only the ones who follow the law for
instance I just went to Las Vegas they
have a large outdoor shop there best pro
shops did you know the museum trip up
there like [ __ ] that's another one I
like to it hey actually if you think
about it you kind of make my argument
for me if there are so many gangs here
maybe we really should restrict the
access to firearms did it approach to
these problems if anything I could argue
you're making my point for me if there
are so many good gangs in the United
States maybe we should restrict access
to firearms more as a result of that but
only the ones who follow the law for
instance I just went to Las Vegas they
have a large outdoor shop there Bass Pro
Shop right right there it's a silver tin
can see no I believe it is now they have
very cheap ammunition I mean if we're
talking like $7 for 50 round box of nine
millimeter animal I would love to be
able to purchase that ammo and bring it
home with me for my leisure here but I
can't that's a felony
in California to be able to transfer
ammunition from Las Vegas to here so I
followed the law gang members aren't
going to do that you've already you've
already said that they're bringing guns
that whatever they purchase in Indiana
and then into the city of Chicago which
is already breaking the law so my thing
is is this is the second member rights
in the Constitution we should be trying
it's more important to protect gun
rights than it is to control gun
ownership in my personal opinion and I
think we have to do that without without
sacrificing people's rights I think we
have to find another way to be
to quell gang violence in this country
however that may be because there's many
illegally obtained guns flowing around
in Chicago it's like how [ __ ] I don't
think I asked him it's a trafficking
issue and so we have to find a way to
get those gangs those guns off the
street which they're already illegally
obtained they're already illegally
possessed so we have to find a way to do
that I don't know how to do that I don't
know the best approach to that and I
don't know if you have any suggestions
either but that we have yeah I mean
carving the ability of people to
purchase firearms legally would reduce
the circulation of illegal firearms if
we understand that at least half of
these are coming initially from legal
sources we do think that people that can
purchase a firearm legally means less
likely to give it to a friend or another
game ever and that's one thing gun
Vibram gun buyback programs have been
proposed to several areas and I've been
done with varying levels of success
across different areas you bring up the
UK is an example they have one of the
lowest firearm homicide rates in the
world now they do kill people with
knives as well which is a problem that
they're dealing with but I know you hear
about the lives
yeah of course but I mean I mean you
tackle knives next we tackle gang
violence here there is a multi-faceted
problem what does this even mean how do
we I wonder if they even classify gangs
the same way one of the problems with
comparing I learned this when I was
doing a lot of researches one of the
problems with comparing stats from one
area to another is like in the United
States the way that we compare that like
when you talk about some salts like the
amount of salt assaults in Europe versus
the amount of assaults in in America
that the way that even different
European countries like quantifier we
qualify what is an assault is gonna be
different than how we did in America so
it's really hard sometimes to compare
these I don't know what they consider a
gang and in the UK or they consider a
gang like any United States it wouldn't
I mean we probably do have more gangs I
think maybe I don't know I'm not even
sure actually I don't know I could see
it going either way not to mention the
fact that this is probably like a
homemade graph to you know let me ask
why did the founding fathers make the
second amendment I think in their in
their to me you asked me I think in
there at that time it was because of you
know tyranny government tyranny and you
know remaining sovereign and and things
like that I think at that time why do
you think they made the founding fathers
made a second amendment I'm pretty sure
that's true I don't think it was
initially envisioned as a way to protect
yourself in like a criminal or burglary
but I think it had more to do with
arming citizens well are you concerned
about government attorney no I think it
I think that concept is a little
antiquated at this point why do you
think that because we live in today and
age the idea of like a full-scale revolt
against the government ever just seems
unlikely or unwieldy er well why do you
think even though
rock obama father messiah they tried so
hard to disarm the good folks the people
who keep the law because when you create
these laws the innocent people in order
to have partners for they I'm not the
criminal well it seems like your access
to firearms and a punishing thing where
Anacin people anyways for instance in
every state where they've expanded right
to carry laws you've seen like an uptick
in violence by like 12 to 15 percent in
places where firearms become more easily
accessible to families children are more
likely to kill themselves with firearms
and just having a firearm your house
makes you much more likely to kill
yourself with it so it seems like
expanding the ability for the innocent
people are the good guys
I don't need that to be true but if it
was true it's not my fault that I like
how this guy I feels like a shitty
Hollywood movie this guy's like
grappling with me well this dude is like
finding is like [ __ ] sword on the
ground or some [ __ ] no [ __ ] please I
can't listen to you any faster should I
really don't went in their home I'm not
sober minded enough to do the right
thing because I shouldn't have to be
punished for that but you are anyway
whether you want to be or not huge but
you want to be somebody if somebody
kills themselves and they leave a child
that has to be taken care of you're
gonna be paying for that child with your
taxes if somebody injures themselves and
they have to go to the hospital you're
gonna be paying but I shouldn't have to
that's a problem you're talking for the
idea one abolish the federal government
and all taxation or a smaller and
smaller government yeah okay I mean
that's not where I'm at but I just have
to you said that places with concealed
carry laws you see an uptick in violence
huh well I mean we're looking at this is
New Hampshire Maine North Dakota Idaho
Vermont Wyoming all have permit lists
concealed carry you can carry a weapon
without additional permits and they're
homicide rate is below three per 100,000
in New Hampshire for instance it's one
per 100,000 and these are all of these
six states have permit lists concealed
carry these are the homicide rates sure
so two things one is the homicide rate
on the percent white I have no idea why
those would ever be on the same graph
well because if you look at the other
states with furniture I'm saying that
those two numbers probably don't belong
ago so a graph like that firstly
secondly that graph doesn't tell you
whether or not the homicide rate
increased once right to carry laws were
introduced which I'm not saying that it
does I'm just saying that I've I'm just
trying to touch on your with confuse so
that concealed carry laws increase
violent crime and I'm just trying to
show you that it
he doesn't Wow why do you put these two
numbers the same [ __ ] crap oh my god
I don't even [ __ ] know but well but
an increase is a comparison from one
point in time to the next and that graph
is only showing you is this has been
consistent over the past 20 years
they've had the same homicide rate for
the past 20 years the all five of those
states six of these states homicide this
is this is where I was tended to pull my
phone because I have these studies like
saved on my Google well like I I have
these on my [ __ ] thing where it's
like where there there's like an
increase in a what is it called RTC the
best available evidence using different
statistical approaches panel data
regression and synthetic control with
varying strengths and shortcomings and
with different model specifications all
suggested the net effect of state
adoption of RTC which is right to carry
laws is a substantial increase in
violent crime 13 50 percent so this was
a a meta-analysis done with of a ton of
different studies to compare like before
and after right to cradle eyes but like
I mean like he's just telling me it's
not true I don't know if I can like take
out my phone right so that I didn't
would have gone into this and dug
through it and analyzed it show that
there's like a 90 in the 1990s crime
across the Western world which still
many people can't explain why it
happened but in all Western countries
crime in the 1990s was higher where did
you get your stash from you know I mean
I could pull out the source but I mean
it's pretty it seems to be not very well
debated that [ __ ] I like a mic should I
just take out my phone and start showing
them this is so [ __ ] awkward I don't
know what to do here right like I don't
know what the [ __ ] I'm supposed to do
Laurie laws have cost an uptick in
violence I'm just saying that they don't
I don't I don't say I'm saying what I'm
saying is right to carry concealed carry
permit list concealed carry
constitutional carry whatever you want
to call it does not increase violence in
these so here's the problem he's using
the word increase so what he's doing is
you have state a and state B state a has
5% violent crime state B is 10%
state
has right to carry laws and state B
doesn't he's saying well look this
proves that right to carry laws don't
increase violent crime but the problem
is we check out it's an increase from
one point in time to another right so
the problem is it's possible than that
at the state with five percent crime it
used to be three percent or two percent
and then rights careless boosted it to
five percent right that's what he's not
understanding when use the word
increased you're talking about a
reference in time you can't just show a
graph of every state and say oh well
look obviously they don't cause an
increase because you're not showing an
increase or a decrease or a trend at all
you're just showing one piece of
particular point in time days did not I
understand what you're saying but that
graph doesn't say that and it does say
that says two point six per 100,000
hommerson
what if it was one point six before
average what if it was one point six
before
well there's New Hampshire at what was
that point five before this has been
consistently but your graph doesn't
demonstrate that well I can Cheyenne
there's a and there's a vendor saying
there's also very Susie correlation with
the Lattimore laxa state is with their
gun laws whether or not you need a
permit to concealed carry whether or not
you need a permit to buy certain
firearms the more Laxus data is the more
likely you are to die in that state due
to a firearm as well it's a pretty
easily observed I mean that's strange
because it looks like you're more likely
to die in a place like Chicago for
instance the hallways Chicago always
running back to that it's like the
[ __ ] it's like the Republican dream
is to like [ __ ] all over Chicago holy
[ __ ]
sure or Maine or Idaho or any of these
other states with permit lists concealed
carry you are if they have higher
homicide rates mass shooting since 1982
why are there like ten states on this
what is this I don't even know what this
graph is verse homogeneous states Oh
homogeneous means more white people so
one I don't even know what the
definition of mass shootings used here
is because I think the FBI defines that
has four more people killed in a single
instance of gun violence I don't know if
that's what the one they're using here
one two this isn't adjusted per
population right like actually I don't
even know if this is good
pop okay so population of Kansas versus
California can I get both of these
listed so Kansas has about three million
people California has about forty
million people so we would expect
California just going by like of just a
peer adjustment without doing like a
cross-section or whatever to have about
thirteen times as many mass shootings as
um as Kansas so like the numbers aren't
even if you adjust it like in a per
capita they're not even that off what
about like for something like Florida
population of Florida Florida has 21
million people this is about three
million people so we'd expect about
seven times as many like mass shootings
so it'd be like seven to ten so like our
numbers aren't even really that off if
you actually were to adjust this instead
of just going by absolute numbers what
don't ever don't ever [ __ ] speak in
absolute numbers if you're making graphs
are using absolute numbers when you're
comparing totally different states with
totally different population sizes looks
so stupid
Kansas nice look at a state like Alaska
I'm pretty sure it has one of the
biggest homicide or not homicide one of
the biggest fire and related deaths yeah
Anchorage on my channel and you can see
the violence in Anchorage tix that up
the violence in Anchorage Alaska the
gangs Oh argue picks it up it's the same
thing with like Arkansas Arkansas also
has permits concealed carry but when you
look at places like Little Rock Arkansas
that's what's carrying most of the
homicide for the entire state if you
take out Little Rock Arkansas then
you're left with a homicide rate that is
very similar to New Hampshire Maine
Idaho and some of these other concealed
carry but that doesn't change anything
I've said other than trying to shew the
violence off onto certain groups of
people percenter white holy [ __ ] we
can't just remove these people
so the population of Anchorage is
300,000 people the population of Alaska
is so there's like four hundred thousand
people four hundred forty thousand
people in Alaska that are outside of the
city of Anchorage I don't know anything
about [ __ ] the Alaskan cities and
whatever in sight who isn't I don't know
anything about those so even this is
like a little bit skewed like you would
expect maybe a little bit less than half
the murders to take place in Anchorage
compared to the entire state of Alaska
because it has a little bit less than
half the population oh wait what was it
like 300,000 versus but okay we can't
just removing scope from a country I
don't I never advocated for removing
anyone from our country what I'm saying
is if most of the violence is caused by
gang members and people who shouldn't
have guns in the first place who are
transferring guns illegally from Indiana
to Chicago for instance which by the way
I mean I do yeah we're also ignoring the
fact that like population doesn't sing
all sorts of other things are gonna play
factories into like homicides as well I
got a bunch of people living scattered
across the countryside probably aren't
likely to kill each other but it's not
like we're gonna move everybody in the
city out to the [ __ ] country already
flowing around each Accardo bargain sold
again bard again sold again these are
illegally obtained firearms is flowing
around in Chicago then we should find a
way to go after the people who are
illegally possessing their weapons
instead of hindering people who are
legally possessing their weapons from
obtaining additional ammunition for
instance is a new law to be passed in
California in Connecticut they're trying
to add an additional 50% tax on
ammunition
I mean there's that think does that
sound like it's going to decrease gun
fine let's do these are ridiculous
proposals and then that policy tried in
London and they're still having property
so that the policy of increasing the
cost of ammunition doesn really sound
like we do much tomatoes like a pretty
stupid policy but perhaps making it more
difficult to acquire a firearm legally
in Indiana would reduce the likelihood
of a firearm being given to somebody
then travel to Chicago to commit a crime
why I guess here's my question why I
need the [ __ ] tip I need to be meaner
about nailing people down and forcing
people to answer questions I need to go
back to talking over people I think in
the early debate career I had or
whatever I think I used to talk or kill
a lot more I need to go back to doing
that more I need to force him to answer
that question do you agree that if I if
we make it harder to legally obtain a
firearm in Indiana it will be harder to
illegally transfer that somebody to take
you to Chicago right
I should force people to answer these
questions instead of letting them just
[ __ ] pick he does is so much
everybody does is how they talk to they
always dance away and pivot out of like
um you're more confident online rather
than in person no I feel confident in
both scenarios and I do this online as
well I let people walk away all the time
look at that religious guy that I did
better yesterday
um I let him walk I let people walk away
the temp I don't I don't want to be
perceived as like a bully I guess but I
should stop worrying about because
people say I'm a bully anyway so I
should just [ __ ] own it and do it is
Vermont's not making New York as
dangerous as Chicago if your theory is
correct that because you can purchase
weapons so easily in Indiana and then
illegally transfer them from Indiana in
Chicago
why is Vermont not making New York as
dangerous as Chicago is possible to the
populations of places like Vermont
aren't is des predisposed towards
committing crime as other populations
are and what about Idaho Idaho probably
celery I guess there are certain spots
in United States with all right
nowadays we can't trust such distance
about analog that coming from liberals
children of a lie because they want to
take away your right to bear arms why
would you trust any reports at they'll
point it out because II have not going
to other to their children other by
their I mean you can't you have to go by
with you I mean if you think that like
the entire DOJ is lying to you about you
know gun crimes or gun statistics I
don't know how you both here I guess
feelings are well you know how corrupt
they are today I mean we were seeing out
of where it all began with the Greek why
hoping in well what would you want to
repeal the Second Amendment
possibly I don't know you will want to
repeal the Second Amendment I mean yeah
if you could demonstrate that it would
seriously curb the amount of Bacchus
lives lost United States might be worth
considering that's amazing would you
want to repeal the Second Amendment no
because I've seen what happened in
London when they took away all their
firearms there and they're having a very
big issue there right now with knives
obviously no yeah they're I think I'm I
want sane 2015 their knife crime per
capita was at the lowest it happened to
the 1989 but then over the past couple
years there's been an uptick in some
like violence both and here's from the
Guardian doctors are calling for the
banned ban of dagger type kitchen knives
few let's say theoretically let's say
that they do have a caper been like that
what will be your opposition to it I
think it's ridiculous to go after the
tool that someone uses to kill someone
then we'll have to I mean if we we would
really have to because they left though
the policies by like the Democrat the
Democratic Party and things like that
the policies are to go after the ar-15
which makes accounts for about 30 deaths
sure so I'm not gonna 15 sorry I'm not
many arguments I'm here because they
account for a ludicrously low number of
doesn't even know but why does the
Democratic Party want to only target the
IRA 15 because most Democrats never
touched it down entire lives on the air
15 look I would say most politicians in
general but yes Alfreda guns most people
are a lot of Republicans
you know why because people use them to
fight for their freedom I don't know why
ADA oh my god here's the card here's the
Guardian all secondary schools allow
them to be offered a knife detector
yeah I'm not really understanding what
the point of the article he's saying
that I county and I have to be free what
I'm saying anything this is bad what I'm
saying there's the knife in knife turned
police knife amnesty what I'm saying is
is they instituted this this handgun ban
for anyone in Wales in 1997 I believe it
was 1996 96 and their homicide rate did
a nice uptick there there had 186 deaths
that were like tally on due to a pretty
extreme event I think 2002 or 2004 oh
[ __ ] there was some there was some [ __ ]
I should have remembered the exact event
there was some terror attack er there's
something that happened and all of those
deaths got added until like this one
year and it like super [ __ ] the
numbers for this graph and it costed to
skew upwards like really hardcore I
don't I don't remember what the event
was I should I should have remembered
this was it the London bombings though
train one but now they're trying to ban
is what I'm saying
underrated rates of passage New York
City London Mayor Sadiq Khan calls for
sharper knife control so they already
started their gun control now their
homicide rate surpassed New York City
now they're trying knife control and as
a matter of fact any kind of even trying
to abandoned cars from driving up on it
high destiny do you think that white
people sometimes wrestle with the term
you know why people so nice with the
term white privilege because it paints
him as a bad guy in my eyes I wouldn't
necessarily say that white privilege is
privilege but just a minorities are
underprivileged I mean if you wanna if
you wanna phrase it that way yeah sure
nice so my primary drive would be to
reduce the number of people are killed
that's my primary drive so banning
knives if Danny the types of violent
knives are used to commit crimes would
achieve that and then I sure know Ellen
of Europe the the Allah Allah Allah Oh
Bob people are killing people now with
cars and trucks they should they be in
cars and I think that many people
getting killed by cars yeah there's no
well they're trying to ban cars from
driving certain areas I mean the amount
of I mean cars motive and I'm driving
into certain areas it's very vague
statement and it's not I think that
though that's is good kind of bad cars
or driving a certain area like on places
that aren't streets what do you [ __ ]
mean
comparing apples oranges though I mean I
would say that if we just stick on the
gun crime as far as like the gun crime
goes in certain areas like you said he
said that thing about a knife crime you
know what I'm saying is they banned
handguns and now they're having they're
still having a homicide rate that is
very very high they just surpassed New
York City which has a nine hundred
thousand legally owned guns and they're
still having the same history now
they're putting metal detectors I hate
that like when I go to like usually if
I'm trying to prepare for a debate like
this usually what I look for is like I
want to know
here's my question my question is does
like for instance dis owning a firearm
in the United States actually convey
like a protective property on to you
like if you have a firearm is it does it
actually protect you and so like what I
look for our large-scale meta analyses
like I want to find a meta analysis is
like where somebody basically takes a
whole bunch of different studies they
sort through the methodologies and then
they try to put together like a
comprehensive view based on you know
like 15 studies it would appear that you
know firearms do however don't help
right
but every time I argue against people
when arguing scones they're always like
well if you look at London in New York
City if you look at Chicago it's always
like one city or like [ __ ] like a
10-year period they always want to like
some hyper specific what is like the
broad trend or like what can we broadly
say I guess I don't see I'm like a
reason to look at like one hyper
specific area it's so it's really
[ __ ] obnoxious I need to be more
familiar with like the the the two
cities I guess that if we're gonna talk
about gun violence we have to talk about
[ __ ] Chicago New York City in London
or like the only three cities of we're
ever gonna talk about in public schools
elementary schools they're sending
people out there to talk to children
about carrying knives we sometimes chat
about any of this is a bad thing but I'm
not saying that it's a bad thing I'm
saying because they just keep going
after the tools that they use let's say
that they ban all knives they start
having knife amnesty they start running
up into people's houses and grabbing
their knives and machetes or what other
sharp objects that they are killing
people with you're still going to have
the same issue people in gangs killing
each other that are in other gangs and
they're going to be doing that with bats
and chains or whatever else they can get
their hands on the London demonstrates
that perfectly
and I want to touch on something else
you said just on to that point the whole
point of using a tool to kill somebody
is that the Tool Works is from a force
amplification right I would kill
somebody or multiple that I wouldn't
otherwise be able to with firearm
because I can't do it without a firearm
a knife is a similar thing right there
are multiple people you could kill or
person you could kill the knife you
would be able to otherwise if there are
certain groups of people there are more
predisposed towards getting violent acts
than other groups of people then
removing force amplification from those
people seems like it would achieve some
positive end are people still gonna kill
each other with bats or chains or
whatever else
yeah I'm sure that numbers probably
going to be lower than it was with
knives it's harder to kill somebody with
a battery training it is with a knife
and I started kill somebody with a knife
than it is with a firearm or at least
multiple people depending on situation
and now a word from our sponsor
merchandise available something else you
said you said quote um the gun buyback
programs have been successful quote this
is your words homicide rate not really
decreased because of that they didn't
suffer any more mass shootings you still
stand by that quote in Australia I
believe that's true young so if we go to
Australian and we look at the period
prior to the gun buyback program you can
see there was virtually zero mass
shootings that happened during this time
there was it before and then after that
time there was none so if we look at
Australia we look at the homicide rate
of Australia per 100,000 you can see
that in red here this is America this is
according to the ia I see their
government statistics in Australia and
America's homicide rate in red I'll
straightly Thomas I'd rate in blue and
since the 1996 gun back buyback program
from 1996 to 2001 their homicide rate
per 100,000 remained virtually the same
as a matter of factly went from one
point six to one point eight in a six
year period whereas our homicide rate
here in America with no gun amnesty no
gun buyback program decreased from seven
point four per 100,000 to 5.5 or when
I'm felon so we had a larger homicide
per 100000 rate decrease in America then
they did in Australia with their gun
buyback program so I don't I don't
believe it was actually successful not
to mention import after the Port Arthur
massacre in Australia Australian au has
more legally owned guns in Australia
than they did before the 1996 court
Arthur Arthur massacre so I don't
believe that we those two things are
relatable I think that there were no
mass shootings in Australia before there
was two and then they had this gun
buyback program which wasn't targeted at
all guns by the waves only certain types
of weapons there and they went back to
the same level that they had of mass
shootings than they did before the guy
who had committed the mass shooting by
the way was a deranged lunatic I believe
they they said then they reported on
this before I go back up Kerry how did
you create that graphic is something
create for you this this is a I created
this based on the AIC Statistics crime
stats AIC gov you can go to that link
I've been to the link I'm curious why
you ended at 2001 you took a five-year
period here in try to establish a trend
well because from the 99 so I created
for you this
he's his graph that he shows me stops
right here at 2001 this High Point heart
and he cuts it off immediately and they
show that they show a larger one here
but if you go ten years further this
violent crime rate actually does fall
further but he cuts his graph off at two
thousand one because he's trying to play
a little [ __ ] tricky [ __ ] this is
a I created this based on the AIC
statistics crime stats AIC gov you can
go to that link I've been to the link
I'm curious why you ended at 2001
you took a five-year period here and
tried to establish a trend well because
from the 1990s like I said before many
different elections have discussed the
crime in the 1990s being higher in every
western country being high for some
reason they don't know why but in every
western country crime was higher in the
1990s so if we because the gun amnesty
program can you say crimes time the
nineties compared to what it cuz crime
is not higher crime increased had we saw
an increase in crime in the 1990s and
that decade because it's very low from
the 60s for instance even no actually in
the 1960s by the crime has increased
about three times would you wait I think
we're lowering now then we were in the
sixth inning I misspoke their violent
crime today I think is lower than it was
in the 60s I think it peaked towards the
90s in there I'm not sure actually I
need to go back like I don't know on
this graph it just became very familiar
with these numbers I'm very curious
white you did a five-year here it's
because the only lasted six weeks in
Australia so you would you would assume
that you would see an immediate effect
not necessarily
why don't you because well firstly
because their other programs were
implemented afterwards different acts of
gun buybacks and whatnot and also could
have been it there also could have been
a year that had just more violence than
average so you would look like for
instance maybe they did a gun buyback
and the gun the death would have been
like 4.0 but now it was only 2.0 that
was a similar before this is why you
need more than one or two years to
establish a trend god this is so [ __ ]
stupid and we can see a larger decrease
in America we went from 7.4 because if
you go like five years out on the
Australia side there I'm pretty sure
that the AMA side rate drops are like a
1.1 what I'm trying to say is that the
gun amnesty was pretty much immediate it
was a six-week period of known amnesty
is what they call gun amnesty over there
which is a weird name for it but gun
buyback program and so you would expect
the results to be Amina just to be clear
the graph that he's showing me right now
stops right here also why the [ __ ] are
there two different Y axes on this
[ __ ] graph but okay I'm arguing is
that they're in a six year period
they're homicide rate actually went from
1.6 1.8 it's probably lower now it's
probably somewhere I'm like 1.5 per
100,000 or something like that but we
saw a larger decrease per 100,000 in
homicides in America since that 1996
period now if we go all the way back
oh this is the full graph so this is the
this should be for Australia so he cuts
his graph off like right here at 2001
but if you follow it right like ten
years out well ok [ __ ] violent crime
Falls to like half of what it was before
right but okay dude
in the 1950s violent crime and this is
one of the quotes you said that Joe big
debate which is super scummy stuff like
that when I see people do things like
that it makes me really [ __ ] scared
cuz I don't know if I could trust any
[ __ ] thing you show me if I if I know
some of the stats at your sighting and I
know that you're playing tricks with
them then I don't know if anything
you're telling me is true right actually
statistically incorrect you said they
find the crime is lower than it was in
1960 that's not true yeah I think I'm
looking more towards the 80s when I say
yeah okay so yeah because in the 1960s
we had rate per 100,000 of salt per
100,000 robbery per 100,000 and many
other types of violent crime aside from
murder
we're three times less per 100,000 this
is the reason why your mother and your
father would always like to say we can
leave our doors unlocked and stuff like
that you know things that boomers say
but anyway house house house house house
house house house house I mean if it's
been devastated to work I believe most
looking centers around Australia was a
gun buyback program was largely
successful I mean their violent crime to
drop quite a bit maybe not in the
immediate like four or five years
afterwards but after that it did amazing
what would you make any changes in the
gun laws in America because of the way
that America's shifting right now I
would concede that probably background
checks at the very least I mean I'm
completely ok with the droste program
that our state has the orange county
needs it's very easy for me to be able
to purchase weapon I don't like the fact
that they have made the the ar-15s in
the states where you have to break them
open at the top to be able to retrieve
the the magazine I think all those
things are stupid I think our
politicians and this touches on what
destiny says most of our politicians
probably never touch the gun in their
entire life and they don't understand I
think these things are just ridiculous
and they're a hindrance and I'm really
upset about these things adding 50%
attacks onto ammunition not but not
allowing me to go to Bass Pro Shops in
Las Vegas and bring home you know box of
boxes of ammo that I can take to the
range and have fun with I think that
it's ridiculous and the fact that our
politicians care more about 30 deaths a
year by arif teens than they do the
thousands of homicides that criminal
aliens commit is mind-boggling
mind-boggling would you make changes in
the gun laws in America yeah I think any
the ATF more teeth we probably be better
for them to actually have a real
database to manage the purchase and sale
to flow firearm to the country probably
positive through them and I believe
acetc the study on violence more I think
they were authorized to be like a single
study would probably be beneficial as
well so could have better answers on how
to curb gun violence in the US that's
amazing I'm not I don't I'm not forty
background
okay because I don't talk to people
who's getting the information because
they can get information on you and know
you have guns in your home how many you
have how can you trust those people they
can't be trustworthy I mean if somebody
if especially like if I really wants to
know or if like the NSA really wants to
know they probably always funny about
anyway
but I've been wondering I don't talk to
background time okay you can't really
can't trust government these days
you also can trust crazy people gun so I
mean that's why I want to have my own oh
that doesn't seem to be true like the VI
the myth of the self-defense handgun
doesn't seem to be borne out in any
literature either just owning a firearm
doesn't make you safe or anything makes
me more likely to kill yourself with our
military when I was growing up actually
the CDC did do a study I don't know if
you're aware of the CDC study that was
in 2013 you aware of that study what
about it well Barack Obama did authorize
the CDC to do the largest uddiyan to gun
violence beware of the statistics that
came out of that study nine Apple sheet
is now a Tier three subscriber how does
even maintain his credibility when he's
caught doing that because people don't
actually care about the data they just
want stuff that kind of supports their
points maybe I remember this is our
Forbes magazine okay he's this
particular writer says quoting the CDC
research almost all national survey
estimates the in s estimates indicate
that defensive gun uses by victims are
at least as common as offensive done
uses by criminals with estimates of
annual uses ranging from about 500,000
to more than three million in the
context of about 300,000 violent crimes
involving firearms in 2008 so if we turn
this into a graph here out of the CDC
we're looking at a high number and I
realize this is the high number three
million defensive gun uses per year
versus two hundred thousand offensive
gun uses per year according to the study
that CDC did in 2013 this is the same
exact year that Barack Obama changed the
definition of a mass shooting to three
or more people killed during that mass
shooting so you can research for this
for yourself and I ask ya that it
doesn't it has no bearing on why so
though having a center doesn't just
because more than were used doesn't
necessarily mean the outcomes were
beneficial for the people using them or
the amount of violence of those people
were exposed to didn't cool as well you
know there's too many homes are broken
into every single year right and I think
about almost half of them when someone
is actually at home for are things like
property crime if you defend yourself it
anyway besides a gun how comes are
actually more beneficial after he's gone
to defend a property well I mean not
according to the CDC study that's not
even say anything about whether not
you're a successful defense care home
just shows how many times those fires
are used all those things aren't
recorded absolutely not handgun it uses
very commonly study but something's been
pretty widely unwise I like the
according to the CDC it could be a so of
over fourteen thousand incidents in
which victims were president 127 of all
that self defense gun use SDG used more
common among males and rural areas away
from home again smell offenders against
offenders with gun after any protective
action 4.2 percent of victims were
injured after self defense gun use 4.1
percent of pigments were injured in
property crimes fifty five point nine
percent of victims who took protective
action lost property thirty eight point
five percent of self defense gun use
victims lost property but thirty-four
9% if it continues to weapon other than
a gun lost property I haven't been able
to find data that shows that
self-defense handgun usage it's actually
like a good thing in the u.s. I've never
seen data that actually supports this
topic ever I just haven't found it
anywhere from 3 million it could be as
high as 3 million defensive gun uses
versus 200,000 offensive donees check so
again it's not answering the question
that you're trying to say there's
answering whether or not those gun users
were successful whether nothing's been
used to increase balancing so people
using them why don't I turn it official
subscriber thanks Donna home why are you
worried about the life lost by guns and
not concerned about the life lost by 4
million for instance [ __ ] I why do I a
little pivot
I hate him so much he didn't [ __ ]
pivot pivot pivot pivot pivot isn't
really answered by the fact that a lot
of people use guns define our home why
are you worried about the life loss by
guns and not concerned about the life
lost by criminal aiding for instance why
am I not concerned about the life lost
why are you are you advocating for
policy changes surrounding the gun issue
but not advocating for policy changes
surrounding the immigration issue for
instance we'll ignore the fact this is a
complete and total non sequitur but I
mean I don't know what kind of illegal
policies are you said use that in your
debate with Geoghan
here are some of my exploited labour
dollars down with capitalism thanks
buddy eggs this is your quote there's 40
thousand homicides by guns every single
your do still stand by that quote I
don't believe I said that if I did I
misspoke I believe it's run ten to
twelve thousand times less than the flu
do you think that we have a gun violence
epidemic in this country the flu kills
thirty thousand people here okay we also
have flu shots I don't understand what
there's if there's ten thousand
homicides by guns each and every year
okay in 2006 is rated by gang members
okay they use because the guns there
they can hang themselves we don't even
top the top ten for suicide well you
just said what you just said was right
here that use it because it's they're
having a firearm in the home makes you
more likely to kill yourself but that's
not gonna stop them from committing to
it does the numbers bear that out if you
have a fire in the home top ten Japan is
number seven four suicides per 100,000
we don't even we don't even aiming
ourselves in forests out there
we don't even top the top ten in
suicides per 100 minutes country that's
good I'm not try to make top 10 list or
how me people kill themselves in u.s.
there isn't gonna stop them from killing
but it's basically my psychology if you
would put a button next to a person's
desk and I can push it to kill
themselves a lot more people probably do
it we're having a bad day as well I
would I would I would say that probably
the people would be on a gun is much
easier than tying a rope up under people
who hold on the ones majority go ahead
when I was growing up there were no gun
laws that we have today and when I
turned 15 they gave me my first rifle no
one ever taught me how to use it Oh tell
me not to how to anything I went out and
I use my rock I killed a squirrel or
something a tree and yeah you didn't
have the gun
yeah mass unit and all that's happened
in then what's in guns was everywhere
when I was going out what's the
difference between then and now there's
a lot of difference in Benin oh I need
economic disparity um the difference is
between pool room in a house of the
amount of 30 minute option if you ever
use a bathroom outside yeah my toilet
was outside okay and so that that's poor
right I don't know I don't know so we
that would be considered a floor go
toilet it may have been on farms they
have like but to think about and we were
we didn't have the money to people have
today why did we see this type of stuff
happen to Ben it was very very rare
what's a differ between then and now
that's a very complicated question you
don't know the answer to that whiny like
there's difference in the structures of
families the difference isn't in
cultural attitudes Chris farms probably
different amount of games that are
present those differences in the types
of structures of cities access to guns
access to drugs access to people that
are likely to kill each other over Ito
vsync there's a ton of differences
between I don't know what do you say to
difference between Vienna now I would
say that there's I mean Mike I have
theories I don't have any statistics to
back this I don't like that you can give
a basic gas [ __ ] us answer and sound
stronger you like what's the difference
between like and America now versus
seventy years going farm I don't know
there's like a million [ __ ]
differences how the [ __ ] am I supposed
to answer the question but solid fact I
have theories that you know for instance
the white Americans not Hispanics have
they were at 5% I think of children born
out of wedlock today we're at 30% black
Americans went from 22% today they're at
73% Hispanic Americans up ticked as well
we have a changing massive influx of
changing demographics since the nineteen
fifty so that I think that the sense of
community the sense of consistency the
sense of having technology there's all
sort of things you have children who
were prescribed with psychotropic
multi-class right now his answer is that
there weren't there were more white
people and others and not enough white
people and the non-whites are killing
each other too much but so we're only I
think 2% back in nineteen fifties were
cited a worse almost quarter of all
children were prescribed psychotropic
drugs at all because the parents aren't
willing to just deal with their you know
their their energy that these kids have
and show
face I think there's a big huge fortune
these are things that I would like to
target I'd like the target target the
hive that is creating these things like
naturally or some things like the
nineteen fifties or so naturally we had
the same amount same handguns with the
same amount of ammunition in the
magazines and people weren't walking
into school shooting each other 90% of
all the magic happens country portrayed
with handguns we have to seem I have a
1911 from that era that works better
than my my beretta px4 storm from like
two weeks ago so I think there's a
predator shoot I think the target those
things I think we focus on the cultural
decline subscriber thanks there's
absolutely problems we have to in regard
to people each other in terms of
happiness with levels people experience
disconnected in society see a lot of
player does come with that and yeah
definitely talking things like when I
was going up the differences between
then and now is that they have families
no men women got married the racial
cares they said a good example it was
unheard of or black on a black pilots
for whatever reason black people now
most don't have got more values they
don't have families they don't have a
sense of self control and that's the
reason that the gun control issues
happening right now because if they have
values that they have parents are they I
love in their hearts they would be
killing each I would you agree that
probably yeah yeah that rebuild families
rebuild man reveal families keeps
morality by example yeah they want to go
into innocent people guns and not change
the hearts or minds other people again
you can do both I might need to do the
second one if you had more value said
what are you just need to do one reveal
families so that you can receive it like
read-only families either there's like a
very complicated again of a multi [ __ ]
intersection colonel justice system
because people are locked up in jail how
much higher chance of me by my necks in
the future or having to write in future
you're talking about access to wealth
people are wealthier Tim get married
earlier you're talking about other forms
of access to wealth wealth NBA before
contraception or abortion
have you gotten checked for cancer after
being so close to that binder
these are all way but I'm saying like
married isn't something people just
randomly decide to do there are
conditions that will predict whether
something we don't need to have children
until you get married we don't have
children I would like to they need to
it's usually because there's a big
cultural aspect yeah I mean feel
typically a gang members this is the
gang members for 100 people by race in
America and even see that the black and
Hispanic are at 1159 for 100 men except
one that was 1 out of 10 for 1000 and
the white men were at seventy eight
point nine seven four one thousand Asian
is like negligible you look at
statistics 92 is now a Tier one
subscriber they're just like trying to
plate learn piano violin and I mean so
there's a huge cultural aspect that I
think and I think that a lot this is
portrayed by Hollywood like us are the
black me was talking to her hotel
uncle hotel right and he said and he was
talking about how in Hollywood it they
prop up blacks bangin gangs and selling
drugs and you know stealing cars and all
sort of different how are you able to
list out all these points on the spot
because conservatives are literal NPCs
that repeat the same argument over
over and over and over again it was
pretty easy to remember them out there
well I think that's a big issue we
should not be dropping that up on a
pedestal and having that be like
something to strive to later on you
might see different cultures like the
agents they don't have like they're not
they're not shunned in their little
community or their little group at
school for talking you know articulately
or something like that but I know that
I've talked about Americas and they say
that they are their feelings if we're
talking like I show these are these are
big issues that I think there's no argue
for greater representation of minorities
in media apps like 100 oh my god he gets
so triggered here I love this point hold
on the big issues that I think that if
you're gonna argue for greater
representation of minorities and media I
absolutely 100% will get on board with
that I think a great representation of
minority media is very important if
you're only role models and media are
gangsters or something like that I mean
yeah you probably should be we should be
saying that that's a bad thing
sure I generally agree that also keep in
mind that media media doesn't just tell
us you know what to do in somebody's
media is a reflection of who we are it's
not like everybody in the country was
chill and then all of a sudden media
just created these horrible images for
people to strive to or aspire to it's
more like those tend to be a reflection
of you know the times you know in
another cells you know you look at a lot
of people pointy things like black
culture why don't you trust the cops
well so I haven't got the chicken over
to cops and the birds do not all let's
go talk about those really pretty
segregation and that's a lie - times
made up okay
white children for the same thing you
ever wanted to why not we're skiers and
you're less funding available to you
were satisfied with the worse
institutions be able to use it that way
I mean let him tell you let me ask you
down Adam said and I want both of you
responded okay John Adams say that the
Constitution were made to govern a more
and righteous people other races in
America are equally more and righteous
and would address an immorality within
these group help the gun violence I mean
every clue in America right though about
the Russians and John Adams writing
about the writers and more people sure
please write about that that we need to
write just people to govern right we
need I mean given that we have a
democracy and are you saying because I
do Who am a new government a more and
righteous people
what are you right about that probably
yeah yeah yeah I'm pretty sure democracy
needs to righteous people too otherwise
we've got the Kerbal things what do you
think
and other races in America equally more
and righteous it would addressing those
issues within each group maybe in a
violent that didn't happen I don't think
any two racial groups in America are
equal to one another because our
histories are very different in one
another and then addressing more about
zoom oh yeah we can get to that I guess
but um I mean addressing more issues I
mean yeah you can do that to some extent
would that make a difference though I
mean like it depends what you mean by
drew small issues everything just
telling people to act better doesn't
usually do much you usually have to you
know go a little bit farther with it so
you know like James addressed a great
representation I media can be a way to
do that you know different types of
programs like after-school programme
stuff related to that can help people go
to hell go to Blatt hell midnight
basketball you know I didn't know that
that's well I'm not working they go down
on a court now and kill you John yeah in
Chicago there's just a story recently it
was very very concerned to Chicago from
Chicago originally and they were
shooting up in the funeral of the Prince
of the gang member who got shot by the
king went shopping for the funeral oh
you're that funny do you feel like
you're do you feel like you're
biologically predisposed to commit crime
activities or your family what does that
be well so James suggested that maybe
biologically there you might have an
inclination as a black person to be more
violent what we did there but I believe
they do know they evolved in one
generation all the Jews know why I said
I said that there's a biology biological
aspects that certainly lead to people
committing for crimes so there was a
Harvard study on for instance and I'm
not saying you know my thing we're
talking about on average here there was
a Harvard study not me right not not
just well we can look at the ruk the
Rustin Jensen study the Reston Jensen
study what a coward why not tell him to
his face he's a subhuman [ __ ] like
you're black you're biologically less
than me like if that's the argument to
put forth like at least say it did yes
he's pretty harmless I don't think you
hurt you for it in fact [ __ ] based on
what this guy said in the past he might
[ __ ] agree with you that and even you
know academics agree that a lower
average IQ makes you more predisposed to
commit crime we look at the Port Arthur
massacre shooter he had a 70 IQ would
you agree that a lower average IQ it
makes you more predisposed to commit
crimes I don't know if that's true
offhand but I could believe that rest
and gentian study so if we look at the
hundred years of IQ data that we have
that we we have this data a hundred
years of IQ testing we'll see a
difference a difference in the average
IQ of black Americans average IQ of what
Americans average IQ of Hispanic
Americans average IQ of Asian Americans
with Asians at the very top and so I
think that we can find a correlation
there might not be a direct correlation
of why Asians commit like almost no
crimes or East Asians and why there have
the highest SAT scores and they're you
know they're suing Harvard right now
because of affirmative action I would I
would say that there's some correlation
that we could talk about there without
being called racist you know on all
these different I think we can talk
about
you weren't talking about correlation
we're talking about a causal effect of
your race well I'm not saying no what
I'm saying is we look at these the
homicide rate the weapons violation rate
per 100,000 how much I'd rates they
started saying biology and tying that to
IQ you're talking about causal effects
you're not correlating it rankings black
Americans 130 per 100,000 Hispanics 42
per 100,000 White's 23 per 100,000
according to FBI data and Asians are
like not even on a chart they don't even
register on a chart so I'm saying if we
look at these things we look at you go
to the great schools org and I was
because I've three children and didn't I
look for schools when we're buying our
house and you go to great schools Dorgan
if you could go to the richest area the
richest district or the poorest district
and you're always going to see those
same rankings and when they talk about
with the rust and Jensen study you look
at James D Watson who discovered the DNA
was double helix he talked about this a
lot and you and you can find some sort
of correlation that we're not allowed to
talk about that for some reason now
we're allowed to talk about correlation
to keep saying this word correlation but
you were talking about - causal link
well is that not biological what I'm
saying is no until 18 it is well I - do
you believe there's a high of black or
white right now just horribly white
people and why is that greater access to
welfare or access to education we have
very different no do you things because
of the changes I think it's because of
well that's a good question I mean we
evolved and not because of yeah how can
you say if we all evolved in different
continents that there's not biological
different me look you're not going to
see many Asians going in in the NBA and
there's a reason for that is because of
physical differences black Americans are
more they're more athletic inherently
biologically no one disputes that if
we've got plenty of people that just get
a lot of these things these are very
it's very hard to tease out a biological
causal relationship between somebody's
genes and I highly polygenetic tract
like IQ and the retired assuming the
person who discovered that DNA was who's
been largely also discredited by the
entire act that discovered the double
helix whatever isn't like hop in huge
[ __ ] I don't think anybody in the
academic world takes his like statements
on IQ or whatever personally not to
mention that this is a fallacious appeal
to Authority just because you discover
the double helix doesn't necessarily
make you qualified intelligence
researcher but you're describing the
person who discovered that DNA was been
largely also discredited by the entire
academic community there are hundreds of
geneticist that have signed on to these
really broad letters Sanger they're very
unchristian gently Richard Herrnstein
charles murray the guy who discovered
DNA effectively discover DNA without
these people are all making first of all
charles murray has no background
whatsoever yeah IQ that it doesn't
necessarily mean there's a causal
relationship like you're if you keep
pointing out how good agent Americans
are cover to black Americans I've been
thinking for a second well the history
of these two people is country is
incredibly different black people were
brought over 250 years ago on slave
ships up against their will from their
home city United States to live here
under slavery and under
segregation and now for the past 60 70
years we were kind of starting to write
the show
asian-americans a lot for better
management this is a single question
Asian Americans largely immigrated over
here because I have the money to do so
hi out of your China or other countries
and cooler than you are today how do you
explain it it's a very complicated
question it complicated so it didn't
have London didn't have Jim Crow London
didn't have Jim Crow laws I mean I've
only said I can only side with the
majority of the academic community
there's incredibly uncomfortable making
the assertion that biology is the reason
why certain groups of people are more
violent other groups yeah that academic
community is the same academic community
that got Brown University to delete a
study on rapid onset gender dysphoria
because it might hurt someone's feelings
okay this is the same academic community
community that props up gender dysphoria
as something cool to be nowadays okay so
first like if we wanted tonight academic
research academic literature we'd only
engage your conspiracy theory which is
like I'm not interested in doing I can
only go by with the larger size secondly
few wanna talk about science tonight
it'll go by with a literature and you
want to go by science denial I mean the
APA has made pretty clear statements
regarding transgender individuals or
gender dysphoria these aren't
fantastical things I make make observed
is uncomfortable but jessica's makes me
uncomfortable is going to be a once
within their study on gender dysphoria
self is a mental condition gender
dysphoria is considered immense okay so
why are we propping up a mental
condition we don't prop up a medication
helped me do suicide reduce say that
it's okay to lean so we do try to help
them in the number one way that the APA
suggests we'll leave gender dysphoria so
things like hormone therapy and sex
reassignment surgery I would say that
that's probably not the best there's
mothers were crying I can only point to
exercise with their breasts chopped off
in their ovaries Oh nobody chops off
their breast randomly and they don't
it's not happening this is happening
these are mothers are very clear that I
hate it dude oh my god
the blue creases much they've
experienced experts at her home on
therapy okay guys we got onto this
because here you back about let me ask
you this um you a gamer right yeah
sometimes it gave me that you see the
game with me you see
they plan on the computer to us how are
you so how do you reconcile deal with
the fact that game to be violent right
huh is that a little problematic no no
no that doesn't
there's no you should show that anywhere
that the idea that violent video games
are predictable behavior for children
I've never seen it do you play games I
play games with my children sometimes I
play video games but there's no yeah I
don't agree I don't think that that I
don't think that that's going to cause
someone to go somewhere well Michael you
know how is how you able definitely to
be shooting and killing on the games but
you don't want to do it in real life if
you had what he did what I say pull a
gun out and string one time oh you did
yeah we talk about guns on screen before
you know doofy we thought someone was
breaking into your home didn't you it's
possible I don't remember this might
have you pull your gun oh well that's
what he supposed to do I know I'm not
sure I don't know was a lot of streaming
out of it but no I never kept me one
before you don't want to ban certain
types of weapons
um cuz I heard you say that if orissa
that you're not really you don't think
that it that's what doing it I mean like
what the obsession over air 15 is very
dumbfounded it's very stupidest so you
do okay so okay I mean I would agree
with you I think that it's mostly
politicians in general you know and the
restrictions are on air 15c are very
stupid stupid have you seen that I've
shot with them with the words illegal
aliens are bringing in troubles like
guns and drugs and and other things and
these things ended up in a black
communities I don't know if illegals it
are you are you for putting up a big
beautiful wall around a border because
if you did that would stop a lot of the
guns from coming I don't know what he's
going to be a port of entry of you say
via air like I know but would they're
coming across illegally without nawab
you for put it on the wall you stopping
out i don't know what would help
are you for the wall no what are you i
am for the district's have showed that
the wall in hungary is 99.9% effective
the wall in israel is not the borders
are far far far smaller than the
countries of the occupants why do you
think normal rebel i mean we're not
talking about a wall ronnie and there's
many natural barriers who which where we
don't need a barrier in place but why do
you think in this loads and why do you
think Raylan I mean if he would be no
having to come to know that a wall work
I think that I don't know I mean I I
break with many people who are supposed
to be on my side ideologically to and
many different issues I think they're
like very tribal Idol well I know I
think that some people are just very
tribal I know I think why do you think
they do maybe they do agree I mean this
is something even Chuck Schumer said
under brocco bomb administration he said
he said in 2001 we were able to you know
build a barrier around or something
border which drastically will reduce you
know people coming over here illegally
Chuck Schumer is and now he's talking
something completely different now they
Trump in office all right it's just a
tribal what do you think regular he
would be not have sense enough to know
that wall
something irregular being the census
that it would work but it's when you dig
into a little bit more and you apply a
little bit this dry white hole right
like I make really good eye contact look
good when I talk I think that's a string
I don't I feel like I don't know if it's
cuz he's sticking to his binder as much
Jesse seems to do a good job as well I
feel like my eye contact is really good
let me tell you people right now yeah
the wall is a highly impractical idea I
mean like most of our huge seizures I
think wow what's it like the largest
seizure I wanna say it was known to
drugs were stopping at a port of entry
like within the past couple weeks I
think I remember spending when I wanna
mostly the drugs that come over into the
port of entry it's like a fast and
furious driving like a hundred seven
thousand Porter apprehensions just in
2017 eleventh fiscal years amazing
you know mazing sure amazing alright my
father coin did you have fun
I always have fun you have fun right now
do you like him now yeah we spoke on the
phone oh yeah oh yeah briefly we like I
don't know some other streamer so I
can't remember was like a year ago
oh really it's a meet house of my wife
sweet thank you for coming glad that we
can all talk about this I'm glad that
you can you know have your show it's a
good show and pleasure you have your
show and stuff like that so I don't let
you out there to me are you glad he's
there I like all points of you here I
think this is good I'm not sure I would
have to dig more it's not that I don't
know I'll have you do all right thank
you all for tuning in absolutely
appreciate it don't forget to light
follow tweet subscribe and share and we
have all types of perks on your father
say so don't get to support that as well
and thanks sure to entire inovative
races I should have called out that more
I think cuz he's basically playing the
race realist card here right
Toby about this show any show thank you
guys thank you this is the edited
version yeah but I think I think they
kept most of it it seems like what they
mostly kept was um the biggest edits I
think we're like the adding the graphs
or whatever this guy acts like the Bill
of Rights doesn't exist
hmm it's almost like the Bill of Rights
were amendments to the original
Constitution that can also be changed
[Music]
