pick up hello hello hello hello hello
hey oh [ __ ] hello Wow okay what's up
whoa hey how was your coffee it's not
coffee it's a hot chocolate why would
you think I would get coffee from
Starbucks why would you think I would
get coffee he was like you don't even
know me and you want to talk to me well
it's to get to know you better
okay what do you want go hit me up hit
me up with this [ __ ] okay I want to talk
about a video that you did recently were
you talking about that one dude about
the cost of debating outright upload it
to youtube if you did yeah am I in
trouble what happened no you couldn't
possibly be in trouble
so I I basically I wanted to talk about
YouTube and twitch and twitter as like
entertainment mediums that that that
they like they can shape narratives yeah
and then for the negative in some ways
yeah political conversations yeah yeah
yeah well I mean I wanted to figure out
if there's any suggestions for improving
[ __ ] that you or me could come up with
or if these improvements could be worth
theoretical cost to speech since that's
the big meme is that they're all free
speech yeah well okay I cut off a little
bit at the end but I think I got the
gist I got it how to shape the
conversations on these platforms sure
yeah well I know you're supportive of
like the platforming recently and only
yeah
what the thing is you're willing to
entertain the bad faith actors on your
channel so let's explore who gets the
axe yeah I mean these things are very
different from one another I mean like
having somebody on your platform to
discuss something with them doesn't mean
that you're necessarily approving of
everything that they do my problem is
when people use a platform to spread or
to intentionally or with gross
negligence spread misinformation
I don't think talking to somebody that
does this is the same as doing what they
do right yeah well I don't think it's
the same as doing well unless you're
David Rubin oh no no no no no no careful
careful Dave Rubin does do the
intentional spread of misinformation
he's not so he did I do I am NOT caught
hold of Dave Rubin what no I don't think
you're comparable in favor yeah does it
intentionally I think Dave Broome is
just an ad does it not intent right
so you're a talented debater you're not
an activist but there are negative
consequences to debate and those
consequences are they're dependent
entirely on your performance as a
debater and that's predicated on your
ability to win a debate so are there any
debates you regret having because you
think it had like a negative concept um
yeah I had a conversation with the
alternative hypothesis guy and then I
had a conversation with Ryan Dawson I
don't think I was adequately prepared
for those two debates do you think you
lost some of your audience to them yeah
by I'm sure that even in debates that I
win by virtue of that there's going to
be some percentage of people that are
siphoned over hopefully it's a very very
small percentage but yeah I'm sure just
by the numbers and have something to
write probably 10,000 people are
listening to debate and me debate like
an alt writer I'm sure like ten of them
or five of them or somebody's gonna go
over there right yeah probably that's
frightening as a thought
are there any tom books you think that
shouldn't be debated like I said general
um philosophically no I think I mean
like [ __ ] what am i wouldn't people
make fun of me for is like debating like
pedophilia or incest or whatever right I
think that everything if I back up a
little bit one of my general problems
with a lot of people in the left is it
feels like we kind of like lost the
ability to understand like well how we
justified something's like why like we
say things like black people should be
treated equally to white people women
should be treated equally the men but we
forgot like the whys like well why is
that true and all we have like all
writers and should that are probably I'm
like well hold on you know like women
and men aren't equal it's like well [ __ ]
well we are they well maybe [ __ ] and
like nobody knows the answer anymore so
it's like yeah I feel like I feel like
you should be able to defend anything
that you believe in I do but I think you
run the risk if you're not adequately
capable of prosecuting some of these
ideas like like I don't know how do you
evaluate the risk of like a debate going
in my like it's my Cochrane level with
the topic I mean you can't know for sure
and this is all gonna be like pretty
filled space but like any topic like
like if Mikey Locke wanted to come here
and he wanted to debate like Holocaust
know-how so there are a couple things
that I don't do I won't engage in
hardcore conspiracy there's because you
can never ever win those debates those
people are [ __ ] crazy
I'm if I can take it back to like more
pragmatic or philosophical realms maybe
so like for instance when I talk about
like 9/11 truthers for instance like my
questions are gonna be more like if the
government has the power to hide all of
this [ __ ] and said all this stuff like
how did a bunch of kids looking at
YouTube videos figure it out like it may
be questions like that but in general I
don't I don't apply for a hardcore
history revisionist it's too easy to
like and
kind of like what Ryan Dawson isn't and
a large part of what alternative
hypothesis does is digging through
studies and then interpret him
incorrectly but then I'm not ready for
it and like yeah it looks bad you know
do you think these are ideas that
shouldn't be debated as a general rule
no I think they should I feel like the I
feel like you just need like the
adequate people like the history majors
or whatever to engage in that debate
yeah but even history majors I mean like
I did a video on like Holocaust denial I
still couldn't tell you the ins and outs
of it there's so many different things
different land mines in it that's just
it's a frightening topic to tackle and
if you screw up with [ __ ] one thing
like you you run a serious risk of just
losing the entire debate yeah basically
because of the way our minds process
debates anytime you come up against a
question where you have to force you're
forced to respond with an I don't know
like yeah it always looks like you've
lost the debate which is how a lot of
like history revisionist work is like
you'll say like well this is true and
they'll go well no this is true and
you're like okay well no actually this
is true and they got like well did you
know that the guy that wrote that report
is actually the cousin of this guy and
it's like well [ __ ] no I didn't [ __ ]
know that and then all of a sudden it
looks like you've lost everything
because of yeah because conspiracy
theories are impossible to debate and I
say the same thing to my stream all the
time like I feel very confident that I
could out debate 99% of the population
on Flat Earth that I could actually win
a debate where I'm arguing in favor of
Flat Earth just because you can always
route it back to like esoteric physics
concepts and then the person looks like
they've lost yeah yeah but I think you
run well I'm gonna risk of repeating
myself but one time somebody drops that
thing on you like if Mike Enoch wants to
debate the alt-right and he comes in
here and he starts dropping you know
[ __ ] about Auschwitz that you're never
gonna know like [ __ ] what do you do yeah
I mean I mean you have to center the
conversation I make sure talking about
something but I don't agree with this
narrative that like because some people
could catch you off guard you can't talk
about any of these ideas because whether
you like it or not people are talking
about them and they're getting more and
more popular like right but we're trying
to figure out how to break narratives
I'm not sure debates necessarily can
break narratives like well I think they
can but I don't think it can and like a
meta-level like I know that you can sway
some people on some issues but there are
some topics like race realism or
Holocaust denial that it's just
undebatable that finer nuances will will
lose so many people because it's so much
harder and more complex to explain and
you'll never know more than the people
who've dedicated lives to twisting
mission
uh-huh but I mean I think it's important
to like I
oh man this is gonna sound like really
cheesy and I don't know if this works on
a metal level because I don't have a
good way to evaluate this data I'm like
a larger like like a larger database or
data set or whatever but like amazing I
remember that like when I was younger
sometimes I would read threads and I
would see like people making arguments
and like I would see like one guy looks
like he's arguing like hardcore and no
one else is able to like put up like the
good argument like against that person
and I mean people are kind of like
waiting around for that one dude to kind
of show up and do it
and now when I kind of look at those
threads and how these arguments turn out
today it kind of feels like I've become
that guy that I'm waiting to like step
up and do it so like for an example like
I see people making certain arguments
related to immigration or related to
other types of like healthcare these big
topics where it's like the conversation
is a little money or whatever but then
like if I come out and I have like a big
debate with somebody I have a big debate
thing I you know I link around like my
research and everything I see people
making those arguments that I made in
threads now like I'll see people writing
it in YouTube comments sections I've
seen in a couple 4chan threads I'll see
it in reddit threads and that feels good
I feel like on a meta level actually
have a back yeah and that feels good
because it's like I spent time on that I
feel very invested in that all the way
from the epistemic level to the moral
level to the applied level to the policy
level like I have the argument
thought-out and so when I see other
people are starting the parrot those
opinions I feel like I have on a metal
level made some positive impact there
and then again this is kind of [ __ ]
cuz it's just anecdotal but like I've
gotten like at this point hundreds of
different people hundreds of emails from
people that are like hey I used to be
like a hardcore alt writer I used to be
like really big like into Sargon and
then I saw you on a debate and I thought
you were real dumb and I laughed at you
but then I watched more of your stuff
and now I kind of like agree more and
more with your point of view and I'm
still conservative but like and I get so
many emails like that that it feels like
yeah I don't know it feels like I'm
making a difference man
what do you do with arguments that are
like intuitively appealing but it's
really just like philosophic it comes
down to just brunt philosophy like an
alt writer argument that will make them
I'm sorry not writer will make an
argument that like if the entirety of
Somalia occupy the entirety of the
United States would it still be the
United States and that's like how do you
I struggle like to come up with an
answer to that well because most of the
people that do this kind of stuff
haven't actually thought through their
philosophical positions and because I
spent so much time over the past two
years doing [ __ ] philosophy the
little the very little that I know I'm
not like a philosophy expert but because
I've spent
I'm investigating these positions I can
actually route a conversation like that
back then
and and in those cases usually like
these people are always like two
questions away from collapse like
somebody might say like if somali and i
inherited united states would that be
different it's like okay well who should
be allowed to inherit the united states
like do you disagree with the way the
constitution is framed what a citizen
should be like can you even tell me what
a citizen should be like these are
questions that these people have
probably not spent a lot of time
thinking about and they're gonna have a
very [ __ ] hard time answering because
any person that considers himself like a
hardcore white nationalist and is citing
like the founding fathers about it
probably isn't an anglo-saxon they're
probably some other variant of white
that wouldn't have even been considered
white at the time that this writing
happened right like yeah so i mean like
there's a lot of different ways that you
can kind of like route these
conversations back to expose that the
other person doesn't know what they're
talking about do you think mainstream
media could do better job well of course
they could do better jobs but do you
think do you think it's worth mainstream
media it's worth it for mainstream media
to engage on these topics themselves
like should they be shaping narratives
against personally i say yes like I get
upset when I watch Richards but Richard
Spencer going like there is that one
black guy that interviewed him some
British dude and basically the whole
interview yeah the black I was like wow
I'm so righteous and that's all right
like well not I mean Richard Spencer is
going to say what
well I but Richard Spencer was giving
valid arguments like he was giving good
arguments for you know where black
people treated better and slavery to
some extent yeah they were like that's
true that's a fact
and you should be able to refute those
arguments not refute them like say
they're wrong but explain like well even
if that's true this is why it's not
acceptable you know like depriving
somebody of their freedom or their
autonomy in exchange were getting less
slightly but that's not that's not
acceptable we wouldn't accept it right
you should have these arguments at the
ready and if you're somebody in the
media and you're going to engage with
the Richard Spencer type you should be
ready to have those conversations not
just platform um and it sit there and go
like oh wow well that's so wrong cycle
the [ __ ] what the [ __ ] was the point of
having him on you know oh yeah no I
think my issue though is that these
mediums for Armand from mainstream media
to like alternative media these medium
to use to shape policy but there's no
system of accountability in the same
fashion as like traditional media so
it's it's a system that caters like
perfectly to propagandists like of
course like Project Veritas yeah exactly
exactly and you may be prone to like all
the same faults as traditional media
plus more but there's less sensor shuts
kind of
that's a little bit why I kind of like
walk back my position on D platforming
like I am in favor of hardcore D
platforming bad faith actors those
people should be wiped from the [ __ ]
face of the earth the project Barrett
says people are like demonstrable
[ __ ] evil to society they're horrible
horrible hearing people that are you
funny you're fine with the drawbacks in
speech though yeah sure I'm okay with
like blanket like deep platforming bad
faith actors or people that engage in
gross like miss honest or dishonest
Navasota sorry to be fueling the
arguments of these same propagandists
who try to say at the left are trying to
censor them and that they're the victims
of this this no I think those arguments
on any day if you're a bad faith actor
or whatever then I mean [ __ ] it I mean
like we can have conversations about
like whether or not like because like
the thing is is like people always try
this like oh like for instance like I
don't if you want to talk about like
Nazism or if you're like a KKK person or
you and I talking about like whatever
I'm okay with those conversations like
people with Richard Spencer on have a
[ __ ] promo that people like Project
Veritas though do a harm to the public
good to the public discourse it's like
literally just a net negative nothing
good comes from Project Veritas it's all
horrible evil [ __ ] like even if you want
to have even if you are somebody that
thinks that Planned Parenthood should be
defunded Project Veritas isn't helping
it because everything they've ever said
is a [ __ ] lie right they're not even
helping the people that they claim to
they just spread misinformation and make
the conversation muddied yeah but that's
useful for pushing the Overton Window
propagandists they know the platform
like they can manipulate the Overton
Window the in quite by expertly taking
advantage of really basic human psyche
taking advantage of the stupid [ __ ]
liberals all the time too it likes it
when I say liberal I mean you know the
journalists what yeah people because you
get the centrist that will sit there and
defend the extremists like oh like I
even saw tempo just it okay sign like it
doesn't mean anything oh it's just okay
to be why that's not that bad oh it's
just all lives matter that's not a huge
deal you ever watch kraut ever watch umm
correct were you gonna say crediting the
youtuber [ __ ] T um I haven't he's
reached out to me I've talked to him at
all times but okay well he did a video
on an author write youtuber named black
patient speaks who's this pretty blatant
propaganda swear we talked about how one
can frame their arguments such that they
allow viewers to draw their own
conclusions
Genesis those viewers yes he [ __ ]
does and this was called this is
actually like in psychology has been
study it's called belief perseverance
okay an original experiment that found
this
we're a classroom was told to
rationalize something that was a
complete lie but they didn't know it was
a lie and when they were told it was a
lie they didn't want to let go of their
own rationalizations for why it could be
true and politics basically works the
same [ __ ] way yeah see if I can
google it
I think route by the way inadvertently
showed belief perseverance in action
because in that video we showed that
black pigeon speaks was a plagiarist and
his fans still insists he never
plagiarized even though we put like
pretty plain as day evidence oh by his
favorite living exam I've never heard
this term before I'm glad you introduced
I can't believe I've never heard her
before my favorite person in the whole
world that does this through and through
do you know who I I think Scott Adams
does that name sound real
yeah the cartoonist yes he does this
where like somebody will say like Trump
is this thing and this thing that and
the trouble come on Tyson that's the
total opposite they're like oh no no no
he's still that he's just doing it for
this reason or like it and then yeah
some other yeah some other way to
rationalize plainly stupid watching how
quickly like Trump and Julie on evil 180
on people like Cohen and like I and Jeff
Sessions even depending on the day you
kind of a rose design how their own
appointees the 180 oh and the whole
suburb nobody will ever stop like hold
on wait a second I thought we all loved
Cohen what we just said he was like yeah
I thought he was like a super cool dude
and now like Aaron's like oh yeah I
can't wait to see him locked up he's bad
for bears like damn you guys all [ __ ]
toe the line so [ __ ] aren't like I'm
surprised you get whiplash from that
[ __ ] 90 degree turn holy [ __ ] you
know yeah so belief perseverance Jordan
Peterson as you mentioned he does this a
lot
I remember you talking to that guy who
this guy could not believe Jordan
Peterson want it didn't want women in
the workplace even though that's the
road he led you down to a right buttock
most people will be led down that road
probably yeah well I mean that's the
that's the the effectiveness of police
perseverance he doesn't he's never going
to outright like he wants plausible
deniability he doesn't want to say that
right he has to have the plausible
deniability for the trick to work so we
end up spending like inordinate amounts
of times
debating really meaningless things in
the scheme of things whether or not he
thinks women shouldn't work and okay you
bring this back to media YouTube's
algorithm is very it scant it's
particularly guilty of pushing people
into talking about [ __ ] that just
doesn't matter and there's a whole
there's just really bad over emphasis on
non issues and people like Jordan
Peterson they capitalize off of selling
people like outrage on issues that
nobody
else would care about and you end up
having to debate it and I damn I don't
know it's really funny the lighting
righties will always say that they're
waiting
righties will always say they're being
censored everywhere like all the time
but like you go to if you go to like
YouTube and you accidentally click on
like one [ __ ] random political video
it was like a bench appear on the
sidebar the whole like next two weeks of
your feet is good Thank You pyro [ __ ]
eviscerate nine year old liberal feel so
no flames like oh my god like why do I
have all of these here knowing worth
mentioning three arrows did a video on
this that's actually worth checking out
called how to how I fell down the SJW
anti s JW rabbit hole or something like
that but it's actually a pretty solid
video if you ever want to just put
anyway okay yeah I think one of the most
nefarious people oh [ __ ] I lost my train
of thought no Dave Rubin right people
who've made careers off of talking about
like non ideas as if they were actual
ideas is Dave Rubin yeah I mean he never
has an idea of his own he never
challenges idea a poster board could do
his job but he he he ends up being a
segue for like some really toxic [ __ ]
ideas oh yeah would you would he get the
ax Rubin absolutely is this most [ __ ]
he would be sent to like a medical
institution to see how somebody could
live without a spine for so long he's
like so [ __ ] such a slimy snaky my
dream is to get to a [ __ ] room with
him so I could have a one-on-one
conversation but for three [ __ ] hours
oh my god it's my [ __ ] dream he's the
stupidest dumb [ __ ] piece of [ __ ] it
would be so [ __ ] easy to steamroll in
a conversation about literally [ __ ]
anything he's so [ __ ] stupid I hate
him he's such a little snake piece of
[ __ ]
I'm just curious would you give this
would you apply the same treatment to
Larry King
Larry King yeah the former the CNN desk
jockey I don't remember what but doesn't
he I don't know anything about Larry
King other than didn't he do like 60
minutes and interviews why would he do
he did interviews but but dave rubin
basically thinks he's Larry King and he
thinks that he's doing the same thing
Larry King did where he brings the
audience on in just less than talk and
he Colette's them say what they have to
say unmolested I mean you say that but
doesn't he Dave Rubin like exclusively
platforms people on the right what do
you mean no I'm telling you what Dave
Rubin
oh yeah no that would be my response
Dave Rubin like also I don't know if
Larry King has had literally like
[ __ ] white nationalists and [ __ ] like
on his [ __ ] program I could be wrong
that he has I know he used to actually
but David Pakman is always challenged
yeah pack my challenges torso yeah I'm
okay with him but um [ __ ] me like all
these issues all the issues Dave Rubin
talks about her issues that would like
die out in a more scarce media
environment and right like our uninsured
rate has been as like I don't know if
you saw this pitches last year climbed
for the first time in nearly a decade
since the ACA was passed but we're
talking about blackface in the news
right now and I'm not defending Northam
or anything like that but this is like a
story that the media is over playing and
to since since like feedback is
instantaneous because of mediums like
Twitter and YouTube and etc etc it feels
like media has more reason to be
outrageous and sensational as before
because this is what people respond to
yeah well the promise of media is for
profit right that's the big that's
basically the thing that you think there
should be like how could we remove the
profit motive
I like the profit motive because it
obviously is a kingpin of like how
markets function but I mean in media's
it seems so [ __ ] cancer it seems so
bad what like media consumers should be
in the core of media is to provide
truthful content right is this well no
that's got like this right right now in
the United States the the goal goal of
media is to generate a profit for
shareholders and any capitalist system
that's gonna be the goal of the business
right alright but I'm talking about
media consumers right like is this a
failing of media consumers or is this a
failing in media that we end up over
concentrating on irrelevant I mean you
can argue both but people are just
intrinsically pretty dumb I'm innocent
people do what people do I mean we could
try to have like a giant cultural shift
into people valuing like non
sensationalist media whatnot but I mean
that's gonna be way [ __ ] harder you
buddy you know well actually both be
really hard at this point because people
had owned major media corporations are
so politically entrenched do the amount
of capital they have so do you hear
about the Virginia abortion bill that is
this where people were basically saying
you could like as a baby was like coming
out the vagina you can like smack it
with a baseball bats done
the worst fake narrative from the past
week yeah it's it's completely detached
from facts and that's because it's
because of awkward phrasing from people
like Northam which wound up making the
rounds faster than the Virginia bill
itself and nobody nobody understood it
and this like the narrative wound up
being established because there's such
an instantaneous feedback system an
instantaneous share system and I don't
know [ __ ] I hate I ain't media speed
mmhmm yeah I think the 24-hour news
cycle is actually like insane there's a
word for that by the way what the speed
rewards them more than anything now
right there's something called the besi
and in effect which is when it's because
media like because media will shape
narrative so rapidly institutions like
Northam they'll have a more difficult
time responding to certain situations
and this this is why Project Veritas is
so so effective and so this is what they
abused um they show like a video of a
corn trafficking little girls and then
Congress defines them and a right and
then they're gone and it turns out to be
complete [ __ ] so Northam just it's
the CNN effect in action sure yeah the
source who leaked the Virginia Governor
abortion story and the yearbook picture
is a far-right pro Trump outlet that
appeared last year
oh nice but okay all right you got
anything else for me I'm just curious
like well I'm gonna talk about media if
since the public owns the airwaves in
the infrastructure like supports this
like should what should the FVCC do
should the FCC do anything I mean you're
dictator destiny figure out what's gonna
happen dictator destiny has panels of
people that review the way the data is
sourced in different radio shows and if
you do it in a bad way you get like a
three-strike system and then you're
banned from public radio and potentially
executed depending on the public army of
cost but like the like the [ __ ] I wish I
had better examples on hand but like the
types of I don't know like when I deal
with people like Sargon of Akkad they
can't read a [ __ ] graph and are like
telling me things that like their graph
doesn't say like I don't know why
somebody would be involved in political
commentary when they can't even
understand like a very very very
or when like how many videos have been
made of people going through sargon of
akkad will say something
sorry something and then somebody will
read his source and then people will be
like hey your source actually doesn't
agree with your position at all did you
actually read it like how many times
does this happen to somebody like Sargon
right or remember with the I don't
remember the name of the lady but when
Sargon said that that one woman that one
journal has probably never even lived in
a council housing like that whole thing
like Jesus Christ like [ __ ] like this is
so easily [ __ ] stupid you know like
so easily avoidable Oregon ones ones
that thing happening I supposedly like
in a month or something I don't know do
you would you Institute like like for in
24 hour news is like cancer right we
want to see an effect could you do you
think there's a way or should you
Institute like time restrictions on when
media outlets can broadcast like reduce
real-world harm or anything like I don't
know dude I got new huge I can with her
son over this I really just I don't like
breaking news I think it's [ __ ]
cancer
I just I [ __ ] hate it I don't see
what the point man that it actually ends
up like hurting yeah yeah cuz people
spin out fake narratives from [ __ ]
people makes people start speculating
and [ __ ] like uh yeah I don't know I
feel like I feel like the the breaking
news [ __ ] like whenever there's like a
breaking event like a shooting there's
nothing I always tell my chat to [ __ ]
off and we can talk about it tomorrow
cuz I hate like [ __ ] fo refresh it's
really o27 dude who knows 28 good ol
like Jesus Christ like if I can go to
Steve awake out like it doesn't affect
you like [ __ ] off you know I don't know
that [ __ ] pisses me off so much what
should these outlets be censoring saying
I mean I don't know man I think in the
UK don't they Auto gag like anything
having to do with relevant cases that
haven't gone to trial yet like Archie
not a lot of reported isn't it with that
that Tommy Robinson who was the guy they
got in trouble
yeah it's Tommy Robinson and the free
Tommy thing he was on parole or like
something like he had some kind of leave
that he wasn't allowed to do the [ __ ] he
was doing but he got arrested for but
basically yeah yeah like I think any
decay and a lot of report on like unlike
currently current trials or whatever you
have to wait until the end or it
everybody I mean I don't know like
realistically like I'm complaining a lot
but like the solutions to these there
would be a lot of trial and error in
this type of stuff because I mean
anything anything that I posed is going
to go way farther than what we have
right now right and and the scary part
is that you are probably going to
overstep some bounds and just
that you would like to protect but I
mean like right now what exists is not
is not working in my opinion like well I
think like the majority of their
Americans get through our sargon well
working for who like twitch doesn't seem
to have a lot of white nationalists when
I say work when I say working what I
mean is like my in my philosophy the
goal of news should be to deliver
accurate and true information in a
timely manner like that should be the
goal so I don't think the media does
that right now so right now an estimated
67% of Facebook's users get news there I
see 70% of Twitter years I'm a threat
abusers like um like the the fact that
so many Americans get like news from
[ __ ] Facebook I remember this is an
anecdote so whatever but like I remember
my mom finally told me that she stopped
listening to Rush Limbaugh and Glenn
Beck and I was so [ __ ] happy but then
over the next few months I noticed that
what she was sending me for sources
we're just like Facebook memes that's
what she was getting her actual on
ironic news from so like my mom actually
thinks that like Planned Parenthood is
like harvesting fetuses and selling them
to people like Tijuana or some [ __ ] for
like 20 bucks I don't know it's like
[ __ ] crazy and it's like Jesus Christ
you've convinced me we need social media
censorship now yeah bad faith actors I
do think so like yeah well yeah me but
it's the difference between Twitter and
gab right like if you post so many
different racist memes or something on
Twitter you get the accent I don't to be
fair about this I don't care about like
racist means or races or somebody wants
to get on Twitter and be [ __ ] hateful
or races or ever I don't care about that
I don't give a [ __ ] so he wants to do it
that's fine what I care about is if
somebody gets on and they start like
misrepresenting like IQ data or
something and being yeah honest and
factual they tend to be um complete
their advertisements for [ __ ] oh
yeah I'm sorry if you're talking about
like memes Italy advertising news or
whatever then yeah sure like those are
things that I would have a problem with
yeah but if somebody wants to get on
Twitter be like [ __ ] I hate black people
are saying the n-word or whatever I
don't I don't care as much about I mean
obviously you can run your social media
long as you want because I because those
people are just racist son racist people
are racist and that's whatever people
can be racist that's I don't like it I
wish people weren't but when when it
gets into the realm of spreading news
that's just fake stuff that's just
demostrate untrue like Trump saying [ __ ]
like Iran has nuclear weapons or is
pretty like like just stuff that is like
causing them
demonstrable [ __ ] harm to our
democracy that's that's not good I don't
like that yeah and that's the worst part
is it's not always debatable right like
I don't know what your answer is - I
mean do you could not just not cover
[ __ ] the president says like when the
president's using social media to push
the Overton Window in a certain
direction like how what would the test
any answer to be dealing with this is I
mean it's really key Twitter ban Trampas
one oh no I mean I I think they should I
don't know how you deal with somebody
like Trump the prom isn't like I mean
Trump is kind of like a real-life
example of that of that thing where like
if you just keep lying and keep saying
ridiculous [ __ ] eventually becomes
normalized a lot of people were saying
that like Trump should constantly be
covered in order to that it's not
normalized but I mean it feels like like
that what was this last thing he tweeted
I can't believe that he tweeted this
like I'm surprised he's not just
tweeting like calling black people the
Edward
yeah the trail [ __ ]
yeah that's insane I can't believe you
tweeted about that I bet you he's gonna
say there's no racial connotations to
that like Jesus Christ I don't know do
you think well I'm just question do you
think people should rely on mainstream
media for for news outlets or or should
they which which wins out alternative
media mainstream mainstream
unfortunately the thing is is like I
like the idea of alternative media but
alternative media's no [ __ ]
accountability like people always say
that like CNN and [ __ ] Lyle the time but
like when CNN publishes an article
that's wrong not only do they post a
retraction oftentimes the people that
were in charge of that get [ __ ] fired
and like people have been fired from CNN
for like pretty minor errors in the
context are comparing it to like [ __ ]
Breitbart reporting or The Daily wire is
some [ __ ] you know like so I mean like
like mainstream media is nice just
because the accountability is there and
there is ZERO accountability on
alternative media unless like the public
holds I'm accountable which depending on
how would like I like my YouTube I think
I make content I make essays but I'm not
a news source and and like the idea that
people could get their news from me is
just [ __ ] mortifying and most people
I don't think have the humility to
acknowledge that I think you get people
like Lauren southerners in pool who are
activists who think they're journalists
and I feel like they're popular like
you're talking about like audience
feedback their rise in popularity to me
represent
like a failure in in media capitalism
like would you say it's a fair criticism
weights it up one more time there rise
in popularity is basically just on
making money on it or yeah because they
can well they can make a money off it
they can make money off of suddenly
people different things that they want
to hear that aren't factually right
because the goals the goal of business
and the goal of media I think are
fundamentally opposed to one another
right business yeah is about making
making money in medias and media should
be about delivering yeah which to which
isn't always popular yeah that's why I
don't know if like his profit motive is
something that can drive like the only
way the profit motive works in media is
if truth is something that is
intrinsically valuable because then the
money would function media consumers
aren't concerned about truth they won't
reward a media with their business in
that media that goes under yeah right so
I don't know do you think state media
could like me and answer this is that is
it do I think um state um I mean like
people generally say positive things
about like the BBC and whatnot like
isn't that and like I think on NPR and
uh PC actually run by the British
government or they just subsidized in
part like much like NPR is here I could
be wrong but I'm almost positive the
BBC's when I wasn't publicly funded I'm
almost positive with that I don't know
if it's actually ran by the government
but I thought that the BBC is 107
publicly funded are you comfortable with
tres trading in the narrative that the
media the mainstream media or
alternative media constructs versus a
media that I'm sorry a narrative that
the government constructs like is that
well I mean it would depend on what your
institutions look like right like I mean
assuming that it's set up as a separate
institution that could be checked by
other parts of the government that
hopefully it would be held accountable
well like I don't know I mean just
picture a media outlet run by Trump like
what's what's there to check yeah but so
in the in the American government it
wouldn't be a media outlet ran by Trump
it would be a media outlet that's either
funded for or ran by the government
right so like the DOJ isn't ran by Trump
our intelligence agencies aren't ran by
Trump like he can make appointments but
ultimately you know those are checked by
not only Trump with the legislative
branch as well right I mean he fired his
FBI director for running an
investigation I think he can pretty
comfortably do most things in the
executive he wants but that's absolutely
not true right because the investigation
into him is still continuing as a result
of that even his own appointee
Rosenstein won't kill the molder
investigation and the new guy or
whatever I think said he's going to
leave it alone as well so I mean they
know and the reason there
because they know that if they do that
it's gonna trigger some [ __ ] from
Congress probably right well I don't
know about that I think I firstly I have
I have zero faith in Republicans but
more than that cause of my poverty
the investigation is not comfortably
secured right the president could
theoretically fire Mueller and suffer no
repercussions from it right he could
make those orders that would be an
example of our institutions failing
though like if that were to happen and
there would be no response from Congress
then that would be really really really
bad I would agree yeah I would assume
there'd be no response from Congress mmm
I don't know but but I'm get back to the
the media thing right the argument is
that if it's state-run it's a public
good right information this is the
dissemination of information is a public
good and if the state competes with
private media the profit motive can't be
the driving factor for like editorials
right and if media has to compete with
an entity that is self-funded that isn't
motivated by enrichment it then they
have to compete on the basis point
what's factual but that only works if
media consumers give a [ __ ] and I don't
know I don't like I really wish there
was a dictator destiny well you just
make people care about facts well no I
mean that's never gonna happen without
like a large large large cultural shifts
right and arguably that's wait what look
we're education camps could work I don't
think so actually um the problem is is
it at the end of the day people are
gonna do what makes them happy and the
fact of the matter is is that like a
normal guy that's working like a 40-hour
job like every week doesn't give a [ __ ]
about 99% of the [ __ ] that goes on the
government like the average person that
goes and either is a teacher for eight
hours and then comes home and takes care
of their family and then eats dinner and
goes to sleep like these people aren't
hardcore consumers of CNN are reading
every [ __ ] reddit post or you know
checking out every alternative blah blah
blah or locally I mean if they were just
apathetic you know that would be fine
but they they have this these
preconceived ideas about media as it
stands now that makes them distrust it
so even if they do get an interest they
don't want to go to CNN for their news
right that they're worried they call CNN
biased right it's the communist news
network and nobody wants to pay it I
mean I don't think all people do this I
mean a lot of it is largely inherited
like me I don't know like you're asking
like this is a really hard question like
how do you get people to care about like
truth that's a really I mean at the end
of the day people are gonna do it makes
them happy that's always going to be
true even for
like me like I have the right idea what
I'm just telling you stall and had the
right idea I mean how did that work out
I'm just [ __ ] okay yeah because I
mean I don't need a [ __ ] dictator and
I don't want to shoot people who think
differently than I am okay but I'm just
kidding but I guess I don't know like
there's a bias problem with media
consumers that kind of pushes them
towards more alternative media in this
age of the Internet and I think it's
true
it's pretty [ __ ] yeah you got cut out
it's pretty [ __ ] what couldn't I'm
sorry
destructive oh yeah talking about like a
bias the bias probably exists with all
media since they compete against each
other a little bit careful with that I
don't like that statement um the
equating all media to one another is
total [ __ ] I would never let that
media with one another I'm saying all
media does have a buyer but it's totally
different like the bias that like
Breitbart has is way different than like
Washington Post I just very very careful
about like saying I'm just making sure I
have to say this on my own yeah okay but
yeah okay yeah I understand Sarah we
have stories but Elizabeth Warren's DNA
tests like what we have this with
state-run media I don't know like if
it's run by Trump I want to say yes but
if it's run by like a president who
actually gives a [ __ ] I don't know like
I don't know sometimes like I feel like
supporting the idea of a state-run media
I mean it doesn't have to be state-run
either it could just be publicly funded
right these are two different kinds of
concepts right yeah but how do you
decide who to publicly fund and why um I
mean I don't know how do we do with NPR
or PBS well I think we do it with NPR
because they they have like Child
Education programming or something that
represents generally a public good that
everybody agrees no no wait NPR has like
news shows and whatnot that are not like
yeah but I don't know like how you got
Republicans who want to defund NPR and
if they had their way they would right
so I mean even that answer to anything I
just said I'm saying like it's possible
to do publicly funded stuff NPR does it
yeah of course so kind of people that
wanted to get but that was maybe true no
matter what you only want to do publicly
funded stuff if people will actually
like engage with the media in an honest
way and I don't think everybody does
MPR well you would have to do that and
then you'd have to make privately-funded
media legal well that's a pretty big
First Amendment that's a pretty big
First Amendment no no and also there's a
[ __ ] kind of venture there were
streetlights like come on ya know I
don't know it's really complicated I'm
not sure what the correct answer is
other than to lose faith in humanity and
say democracy doesn't work and then to
make a lot of money and move somewhere
else and [ __ ] them all so let's haven't
you by this point like yet president
that's what I'm doing yep my money gonna
take my kid out of some other [ __ ]
country and let this place [ __ ] rot
yeah I don't know some some place in
Europe which ever has the smallest
amount of [ __ ] conservatives which
unfortunately is growing for day by day
so but then again I mean I don't know if
I could live in a place with 20 [ __ ]
lefties cuz my audience has started to
turn into that and that makes me want to
kill myself almost as much as the
righties do so I don't know I think it
would make the argument that yup
succumbing more conservative because of
the advent of alternative media well
maybe I mean like a lot of it is
probably in response to like the like
the the 2007 should probably didn't help
and then the big Syrian refugee crisis
yeah all right I say nuke Twitter what
do you think um oh I you finally have an
account that's growing on Twitter again
to hunt new what you have an account yes
I mean my friend hey buddy thanks for
being a decent voice of reason one here
you go okay well I just wanted to talk
about how everything's cancer and we're
all doomed and this was tangentially
related to that video where you're like
hey we should totally debate the alt
right and I'm like sometimes that can
work sometimes that's just terrible
oh yeah I mean I think in general we
should be able to but I mean the I'm not
in favor of like hey I brought on 17
Holocaust revisionists today and I'm
gonna ask a bunch of questions cuz I
don't know maybe like yeah we said
that's a really but there's no and and
the thing is I think Holocaust
revisionism as a like I don't say an
ideology but it's like it's kind of
growing or at least it feels like it is
and I don't know it's it's a little
complicated to tackle that as a subject
if you're not a holic
like you know it's [ __ ] but finding
out why it's [ __ ] is actually quite
calm yeah yeah okay okay okay well hey I
appreciate the conversation buddy you
know thanks for the time
yep I'll see you later peace out
