welcome to the father stage I am Justin
Lee fetuses today we have a debate on
guns and the Second Amendment I'm really
excited to have with me Destiny's a
twitch streamer a gamer and YouTube
personality and on my love this is bad
bets James of the red elephant do you
guys know each other I think we've
talked before briefly yeah yeah briefly
on someone's stream yeah oh yeah you
like him not really no what do you
dislike about him I guess we'll get into
that today over the gun stuff amazing
and so both of you have been on my radio
show and the first time you've been on
the father's day so do you believe that
human beings are in a fallen state not
necessarily no no you know Bonita how
about you I would I would say yeah I'd
say so yeah what does that mean to be in
a father state to me and I know you've
explained this to me before and I forget
your exact definition but to me in a
fallen state I guess in in the regard
that you're putting it in would be like
a fallen spiritual state why you don't
believe he would be in a fallen state
yeah so weird I mean weird is subjective
I think we're in an era of unprecedented
access to technology wealth opportunity
education like all across the world and
levels we've never seen before global
conflict seems to be at like a
historical low there's a relative
stability around the world
we definitely have problems but I
wouldn't say we're anywhere close to a
fallen state and I compared to where
we've come from amazing you are a gamer
right sometimes yeah so does that mean
you sit around and play games sometimes
yeah how old are you 30 years old that's
amazing
thanks you're never gonna get a woman
playing games aren't you still not
married right okay but I have women
already no I I mean I I I don't know
there's a relevant to the discussion of
it but I'm just warning you you're
getting old sitting there playing games
yeah they're passing you by I'm doing
okay I appreciate the concern though
Jesse okay well fine when I let them
know that knock on your door I any woman
that you would find I don't think I
would want it my intelligence
let's get into debates about guns in the
Second Amendment all right what your
stance on gun control I think that there
are problems with access to firearms in
the u.s. today and I think there are a
couple of pretty simple changes that we
could make to US policy to kind of
alleviate some of the problems we have
with deaths related to firearms in the
u.s. today you give me an example of
problem notice people killing themselves
people killing other people people dying
accidentally children killing themselves
with firearms stuff like that is it a
gun fault the gun is like a force
amplifier would you be so somebody might
have a a bad idea or an inclination to
do something bad in a firearm gives you
the ability to do more bad than you
would otherwise for instance if I wanted
to go on a killing spree with a knife
I'm probably not gonna be able to kill
as many people as I could with a handgun
or a rifle that's amazing what do you
say that it's interesting because the
gun that they're talking about banning
the most is the ar-15 and it only kills
about 30 people a year although the
people with ar-15s only kill about 30
people a year versus what he mentioned
knives and hammers killed many more
people per year according to the FBI so
I don't know it's interesting that the
gun that kills the least amount of
people is the one that they want to ban
but I think that there's more nefarious
reasons for that in my opinion how you
today yeah it's absolutely true rifles
don't kill very many people in the air
compared to other types of violence the
most some of the most exaggerated
violent events tend to happen with
rifles like the Las Vegas shooting for
instance but I mean there plenty of
school shootings I think the Virginia
Tech shooter I want to say use handguns
handguns though are typically the the
are not typically but they're definitely
by far the most deadly firearm for
shootings around the u.s. have you ever
owned a gun yeah I have a Glock 17 in a
Muslim and have you shot it before yeah
of course you're not afraid of going
right no definitely and you would never
just get up because if you didn't take
your gun it would never shoot anyone or
anything right that's not necessarily
true
you know he was so hard on his own not
on its own but somebody could find the
gun somebody break into your house and
use the gun a child could find the gun I
mean that's amazing but they can also
find a knife yeah you have knives at
home they could but accidentally
shooting yourself with a knife or
accidentally killing yourself with a
knife is probably a lot more difficult
to do than with a firearm you phone
amazing do you
then yes have you ever shot again yes
and are you afraid of them
no why do they blame the gun rather than
the people I think people in general
human beings are always looking for
something to blame something on right
because they can't necessarily explain
evil right they can't explain something
as crazy as someone walking into a
school and shooting young innocent
children so humans
I think inherently want to try to find
something to blame and we're seeing the
same exact problem in London right now
so London has banned handguns the UK and
in its entirety pretty much for the most
part it's very difficult to obtain a
firearm legally in the City of London
however they're now putting metal
detectors in schools to detect knives
because people are killing each other
with knives over there they're talking
about banning tipped knifes doctors are
calling for knife amnesty programs over
there and they even have they have knife
turning bins on the street and in the
City of London the Met Police Department
just did a study a gang study and
they're trying to get rid of that study
because Sadiq Khan mayor called that
study racist because it determined that
the majority of the gang violence the
majority of the stabbings is perpetrated
by black teens and the victims are black
teens so they have a big knife problem
there they just surpassed the murder
rate of New York City recently man New
York City has nine hundred thousand
legally owned guns compared to London
which has you know nearly zero it's
negligible the amount of legally owned
guns at London now so it's a difficult
situation but we can get into it
certainly how do you respond yeah I mean
I don't know how to deal with concepts
of evil I don't think we can like
legislate against making people not evil
I don't know if I necessarily believe
that people kill themselves or kill
other people because they're evil it
seems like this is usually pretty
predictable based on a set of
circumstances related to their
environment whether you have one parent
in the household with you have access to
drugs depending on where you live the
type of education your socioeconomic
class there's a lot of different factors
that will impact whether or not I guess
your have the proclivity to kill
somebody I mean I guess it's possible I
notice it is kind of like your theme is
to always go back to like demographics
and gang violence I don't know what's
the physics show that's true sure I
don't know what the prescription there
is a like what is the suggestion that
I'm curious and what to do yeah well I
mean for instance Sadiq Khan
in London is reinstituting the
stop-and-frisk
that he called racist freak previously
so he's trying to do whatever and he's
trying to go and get knife suffer I mean
they're having people going to schools
in London they have this hashtag knife
free campaign in London where they're
putting it out of the media they're
having people go to schools and visit
people and tell young children why it's
dangerous to bring knives to schools to
it that just London is the perfect
example because it just tells me that
it's not the tool that the person uses
to kill someone or perpetrate harm it's
the person and it's the the people it's
City Kahn's going into the cities and
literally stopping gang members and
taking knives away from them or machetes
and things like that I mean you would
concede that it's mostly gang members
who perpetrate gun violence in the
country correct yeah that seems to be
the case okay so I mean if it's and with
mostly illegally obtained firearms
purchased on the street you would
concede that that's not true now I don't
please well even Michael Bloomberg would
say that even Joe Scarborough has said
that over 90% of all shootings of all
crime guns in the US and he's quoting
statistics have been are illegally
obtained on the street they might say
that but that's not true that that is
true is not true because it comes
combined when he obtained firearms sure
so that comes from a 2016 report that
the Bureau of Justice Statistics did
right and it's oftentimes a Mis cited
the reality is that ninety percent of
guns that are used to commit crimes
aren't purchased from a retail source
but only about forty three percent of
those are illegally obtained on the
black market twenty percent of those are
obtained from family members or other
sources where they have been legally
acquired for instance in Chicago I think
60 percent of firearms can be traced
back to legally acquired gun shops that
are just outside the city right so your
your I understand what you're saying
you're saying originally the guns always
purchased legally but is it illegal in
Chicago for instance is it illegal to
transfer a firearm from Indiana to
Chicago is that against the law not
necessarily it depends on how the sale
is done from one private person to
another this is what liberals miss
Chicago it is illegal to transfer a
weapon and bring it to Chicago and and
hold it without going to a gun shop and
making in the city of Chicago in the
city of Chicago but you can transfer
firearms to one person to another
without having to do like having
federal license are doing some sort of
man in the city of Chicago what if you
purchase it before going to Chicago but
that's breaking the law you're bringing
the gun into the city of Chicago from
Indiana that's breaking the law
criminals don't follow laws that's my
point
sure but the cont but all of these guns
are so then the gang members buy it from
other gang members on the street so if
the guns are sourced legally first I
mean
obtaining them illegally after might be
a thing but the statement that 90% of
guns are bought and sold on the black
market when a friend could buy you a
firearm and then you could just get it
from them paints a much different
picture than the idea that all these
guns are being purchased illegally there
are quite a few that are purchased
illegally sure but that number is far
lower than the 90% of why is it hard to
believe that more guns are brought into
our country and so illegally than the
guns that you claim are still being
bought at gun stores because we have so
many illegal aliens coming in now and
you're bringing guns and they are
selling them because they're selling
them in the urban areas especially in
Chicago they have some of the strictest
gun laws you ever want to have but yet
the black or black violence is out of
control
the guns are brought in from out of the
city but that's illegal
to bring it from out of the city into
Chicago you're already breaking the law
so why would more laws stop that from
happening in my personal opinion you're
just restricting the people who like to
follow the laws from having an easy from
having an easy time of purchasing a
weapon for their leisure or whatever the
case may be I mean you said something
during a during the Joe Biggs debate you
said quote the United States has more
violent gun crime than any other country
in the world right now do you still
believe that to be true compared to
Western countries I believe that's true
so but you said than any other country
you know wearily not true if you want to
go to a place like Honduras or something
there's a more violent typical United
States I try not to compare ourselves to
countries like Honduras or Venezuela
because I think we should probably shoot
to be a little bit higher than that no
pun intended is it is that like a race
thing or why would it be a race I don't
know what Honduras or Venezuela should
be what we aim to be slightly so what's
I mean Brazil has higher gun violence
than we do here how about countries like
France or Germany or the United Kingdom
or I mean if you I mean if you want to
look at
in France and in Germany in the United
Kingdom it says according to the FBI
here if you want to compare us to those
countries you have to go into the
statistics according to the FBI here
this is from the FBI's website we have
33,000 violent street gangs here in
America per capita per 100,000 that's
9.8 per 100,000 in America versus all of
Europe which has 0.67 4 per 100,000
gangs to people so we have many more
gangs many more thousands of gangs to
people here than any of those other
developed countries do so you've already
conceded that most of the guns the
shootings in America are perpetrated by
gang members so why wouldn't you concede
that this is the reason why we have
higher gun violence here in this country
I mean it's not even close I mean it
might be the reason but you can take a
multi-faceted approach to these problems
if anything I could argue you're making
my point for me if there are so many
gangs in the United States maybe we
should restrict access to firearms more
as a result of that but only the ones
who follow the law for instance I just
went to Las Vegas they have a large
outdoor shop there Bass Pro Shop right
right there in Silverton concei no I
believe it is now they have very cheap
ammunition I mean if we're talking like
$7 for a 50 round box of 9 millimeter at
all I would love to be able to purchase
that ammo and bring it home with me for
my leisure here but I can't that's a
felony in California to be able to
transfer ammunition from Las Vegas to
here so I followed the law gang members
aren't going to do that there you've
already you've already said that they're
bringing guns that whatever they
purchase in Indiana and then into the
city of Chicago which is already
breaking the law so my thing is is this
is the Second Amendment rights in the
Constitution we should be trying it's
more important to protect gun rights
than it is to control gun ownership in
my personal opinion and I think we have
to do that without without sacrificing
people's rights I think we have to find
another way to be able to quell gang
violence in this country however that
may be because there's many illegally
obtained guns flowing around in Chicago
it's a big bits of trafficking issues
and so we have to find a way to get
those gangs those guns off the street
which they're already
illegally-obtained they're already
illegally possessed so we have to find a
way to do that I don't know how to do
that I don't know the best approach to
that and I don't know if you have any
suggestions either but that was mi yeah
I mean carving the ability of people to
purchase firearms legally would reduce
the circulation of illegal firearms if
we understand that at least half of
these are coming initially from legal
sources reducing the Matic people that
can purchase a firearm legally means
they're less likely to give it to a
friend or another game remember that's
one thing gun vibro gun buyback programs
have been proposed in several areas and
I've been done with varying levels of
success across different areas you bring
up the UK is an example they have one of
the lowest firearm homicide rates in the
world now they do kill people with
knives as well which is a problem that
they're dealing with but we care about
the lives yeah of course but I mean I
mean you tackle knives next to tackle
gang violence here there is a
multi-faceted problem
let me ask why did the founding fathers
make the second amendment I think in
their in their to me you asked me yeah I
think in there at that time it was
because of you know tyranny government
to your name and you know remaining
sovereign and things like that I think
of that time why do you think they made
this the founding fathers made the
second amendment I'm pretty sure that's
true
I don't think it was initially
envisioned as a way to protect yourself
from like a criminal or a burglar but I
think it had more to do with arming
citizens well are you concerned about
government attorney no I think it I
think that concept is little antiquated
at this point why do you think that
because we live in a different day in
age the idea of like a full-scale revolt
against the government ever just seems
unlikely or unwieldy or but why do you
think even though the rock Obama father
Messiah they try so hard to disarm the
good folks the people who keep the law
because when you create these laws the
innocent people aren't wanted to a
punishment I am NOT de criminal well it
seems like greater access to firearms
end up punishing the more innocent
people anyways for instance in every
state where they've expanded right to
carry laws you've seen like an uptick in
violence by like 12 to 15 percent in
places where firearms become more easily
accessible to families children are more
likely to kill themselves with firearms
and just having a firearm in your house
makes you much more likely to kill
yourself with it so it seems like
expanding the ability for the innocent
people or the guys to I don't need that
to be true but if it was true it's not
my fault that
someone in their home I'm not sober
minded enough to do the right thing to
garnish I didn't have to be punished for
that but you are anyway whether you want
to be or no huge but you want to be if
somebody kills themselves and they leave
a child that has to be taken care of
you're gonna be paying for that child
with your taxes if somebody injures
themselves and they have to go to the
hospital you're gonna be paying what I
shouldn't have to do there's a problem
you're talking for the idea one abolish
the federal government and all taxation
or a smaller and smaller government yeah
okay I mean that's not where I'm at but
I just have to you said that places with
concealed carry laws you see an uptick
in violence uh-huh well I mean we're
looking at this is New Hampshire Maine
North Dakota Idaho Vermont Wyoming all
have permit lists concealed carry you
can carry a weapon without additional
permits and their homicide rate is below
three per 100,000 in New Hampshire for
instance it's one per 100,000 and these
are all of these six states have permit
lists concealed carry these are the
homicide rates sure so two things one is
the homicide rate of the percent white I
have no idea why those would ever be on
the same graph well because if you look
at the other states with furniture I'm I
understand everything that those two
numbers probably don't belong on graph
like that firstly secondly that graph
doesn't tell you whether or not the
homicide rate increased once the right
to carry laws were introduced which I'm
not saying that it does I'm just saying
that I'm just trying to touch on you're
with confuse so that concealed carry
laws increase violent crime and I'm just
trying to show you that it obviously
doesn't but when creatures well but an
increase is a comparison from one point
in time to the next and that graph is
only showing you is this has been
consistent over the past 20 years
they've had the same homicide rate for
the past 20 years the all five of those
states almost six of these states
homicide meta-analysis that I am
familiar with that have gone into this
and dug through it and analyzed it show
that there's like a 12 to 15 percent
uptick in except for the 90s I mean then
in the 1990s crime across the Western
world which still many people can't
explain why it happened but in all
Western countries crime in the 1990s was
higher where did you get your stash from
you know I mean I could pull out the
source but I mean it's pretty not very
well debated that increasing right to
carry
have cost an uptick in violence I'm just
saying that they don't I don't I don't
say I'm saying what I'm saying is right
to carry concealed carry permit list
concealed carry constitutional carry
whatever you want to call it does not
increase violence in these six states
did not I understand what you're saying
but that graph doesn't say that don't
say that it says two point six per
100,000 homicide what if it was one
point six before no average what if it
was a one point six before
well there's New Hampshire at one per
100,000 what if it was at point five
before this has been consistently but
your graph doesn't demonstrate that well
I can Cheyenne there's what I was saying
that is also very easy correlation with
the lack the more lacks of state is with
their gun laws where they're not you
need a permit to concealed carry whether
or not you need a permit to buy certain
firearms the more Laxus data is the more
likely you are to die in that state due
to a firearm as well it's a pretty
easily observed I mean that's strange
because it looks like you're more likely
to die in a place like Chicago for
instance than New Hampshire or Maine or
Idaho or any of these other states with
permit lists concealed carry you are
they have higher homicide rates look at
a state like Alaska I'm pretty sure it
has one of the biggest homicide or not
homicide there's one of the biggest
firearm-related deaths logistics of
Anchorage on my channel and you can see
the violence in Anchorage ticks that up
the violence in Anchorage Alaska the
gang violence in Anchorage Alaska in
particular takes that up it's the same
thing with like Arkansas Arkansas also
has permits concealed carry but when you
look at places like Little Rock Arkansas
that's what's carrying most of the
homicide for the entire state if you
take out Little Rock Arkansas then
you're left with a homicide rate that is
very similar to New Hampshire Maine
Idaho and some of these other concealed
carry sure but that doesn't change
anything I've said other than trying to
shoo the violence off onto certain
groups of people
we can't just remove these people from
our country I don't know I don't I don't
I'd never advocated for removing anyone
from our country what I'm saying is if
most of the violence is caused by gang
members and people who shouldn't have
guns in the first place who are
transferring guns illegally from Indiana
to Chicago for instance which by the way
I mean I many of these guns are already
flowing around in Chicago bought again
sold again bought again sold again these
are
illegally obtained firearms just flowing
around in Chicago then we should find a
way to go after the people who are
illegally possessing their weapons
instead of hindering people who are
legally possessing their weapons from
obtaining additional ammunition for
instance there's a new law to be passed
in California and Connecticut they're
trying to add an additional 50% tax on
ammunition I mean we does that think
does that sound like it's going to
decrease gun violence - these are
ridiculous proposals and then that
policy tried in London and they're still
having perrault rates so that the policy
of increasing the cost of ammunition
doesn't really sound like it would do
much to me that sounds like a pretty
stupid policy but perhaps making it more
difficult to acquire a firearm legally
in Indiana would reduce the likelihood
of a firearm being given to somebody and
then travel to legally to Chicago to
commit a crime why I guess here's my
question
why is Vermont not making New York as
dangerous as Chicago if your theory is
correct that because you can purchase
weapons so easily in Indiana and then
illegally transfer them from Indiana to
Chicago
why is Vermont not making New York as
dangerous as Chicago that it's possible
that the populations of places like
Vermont aren't as predisposed towards
committing crime as other populations
all right and what about Idaho Idaho
probably similar that would brighto
that would be a guess there are certain
spots in the United States where violent
crime happens too often all right
nowadays we can't trust it such
decisions about gun laws that coming
from liberals children underlie because
they want to take away your rights to
bear arms why would you trust any
reports that they'll put it out because
they had not gone into other to their
children other lie there I mean you
can't you have to go by what the
official I mean if you think that like
the entire DOJ is lying to you about you
know gun crimes or gun statistics I
don't know how you would begin to have a
reasonable conversation with somebody at
that point you just be talking about how
both of your I guess feelings are well
you know how corrupt they are today I
mean we've seen out of where over and
over again what degree who I hope in in
the White House but would you want to
repeal the Second Amendment possibly I
don't know what the people want to
repeal the Second Amendment I mean yeah
if you could demonstrate that it would
seriously curb the amount of I guess
lives lost in United States I might be
worth considering
that's amazing would you want to repeal
it a Second Amendment no because I've
seen what happened in
when they took away all their firearms
there and they're having a very big
issue there right now with knives have
you seen that yeah they're I think um I
want to say in 2015 their knife crime
per capita was the lowest it had been
since 1989 but then over the past couple
of years there's been an uptick in some
knife violence but here's from the
Guardian doctors are calling for the
banned ban of dagger type kitchen knives
let's say theoretically let's say that
they do advocate for a band like that
what will be your opposition to it I
think it's ridiculous to go after the
tool that someone uses to kill someone
then we'll have to I mean if we we would
really have to because the left of the
policies by like the Democrat the
Democratic Party and things like that
the policies are to go after the ar-15
which makes accounts for about 30 deaths
sure so I'm not gonna make it 15 so
scary I'm not gonna make any arguments
against them here because they account
for a ludicrously low number of deaths
in the US but why does the Democratic
Party want to only target the ar-15
because most Democrats have never
touched a gun in their entire lives on
the ar-15 look I would say most
politicians in general but yes the press
are free to guns
most people are a lot of Republicans I
talk about concepts you know why because
people use them to fight for their
freedom I don't know why Jesse
oh my god here's the card here's the
Guardian all secondary schools love them
to be offered knife detectors yeah I'm
not really understanding what the the
point is of the articles are you saying
that knife having a knife attacked a
knife free what I'm saying is you think
this is bad well I'm would I'm saying
there's the knife Bend knife turn police
knife amnesty what I'm saying is is they
instituted this this handgun ban for in
England and Wales in 1997 I believe it
was 1996 96 yeah and their homicide rate
did a nice uptick there there's like a
hundred and eighty six deaths that were
like tallied on due to a pretty extreme
event and I think 2002 or 2004 but now
they're trying to ban knives is what I'm
saying is I think it's trying to ban
patent after underwriter rate surpasses
New York City London Mayor Sadiq Khan
calls for sharper knife control so they
already started their gun control now
their homicide rates surpassed New York
City now they're trying knife control
and as a matter of fact Sadiq Khan is
even trying to ban the cars from driving
so a ban should be bang the knife so my
primary drive would be to reduce the
number of people that are killed that's
me that's my primary drive so if banning
knives if banning the types of violent
knives that are used to commit crimes
would achieve that end Benny I sure know
Ellen of Europe the the Allah Allah
Allah Akbar people are killing people
now with cars and trucks they should
they ban cars and I don't think that
many people are getting killed by cars
yeah well they're trying to ban cars
from driving in certain areas I mean the
amount of I mean cars already banned
from driving in certain areas it's a
very vague statement I mean it's not I
think that though that is really
comparing apples to oranges though I
mean I would say that if we just stick
on the the gun crime as far as like the
gun crime goes in certain areas like you
said he said that we're talking about
knife crime you had to well what I'm
saying is they banned handguns and now
they're having they're still having a
homicide rate that is very very high
they just surpassed New York City which
has nine hundred thousand legally owned
guns and they're still having the same
issue now they're putting metal
detectors in public schools elementary
schools they're sending people out there
to talk to children about carrying a
knives we stopped a demonstrator what
any of this is a bad thing but I'm not
saying that it's a bad thing I'm saying
be just keep going after the tools that
they use let's say that they ban all
knifes they start having knife amnesty
they start running up into people's
houses and grabbing their knives and
machetes or what other sharp object that
they are killing people with you're
still going to have the same issue
people in gangs killing each other that
are in other gangs and they're going to
be doing that with bats and chains or
whatever else they can get their hands
on London demonstrates that perfectly
and I want to touch on something else
that you said to that point the whole
point of using a tool to kill somebody
is that the tool works as a from a force
amplification right I would kill
somebody or multiple people that I
wouldn't otherwise be able to with a
firearm because I can't do it without a
firearm a knife is a similar thing right
there are multiple people you could kill
or a person you could kill with a knife
that you wouldn't be able to otherwise
if there are certain groups of people
that are more predisposed towards
committing violent acts than other
groups of people then removing force
amplification from those people seems
like it would achieve some positive end
are people still going to kill each
other with bats or chains or what
or else yeah I'm sure but that number is
probably going to be lower than it was
with knives because it's harder to kill
somebody with a battery chain than it is
with a knife and it's harder to kill
somebody with a knife than it is with a
firearm or at least multiple people
depending on the situation oh it says
something else you said you said quote
the gun buyback programs have been
successful quote this is your words
homicide rate in Australia creased
because of that they didn't suffer any
more mass shootings you still stand by
that quote in Australia I believe that's
true yeah so if we go to Australian and
we look at the period prior to the gun
buyback program you can see there was
virtually zero mass shootings that have
happened during this time there was four
and then after that time there was none
so if we look at Australia we look at
the homicide rate of Australia per
100,000 you can see that in red here
this is America this is according to the
ia I see their government statistics in
Australia and America's homicide rate in
red Australia's homicide rate in blue
and since the 1996 gun back buyback
program from 1996 to 2001 their homicide
rate per 100,000 remained virtually the
same as a matter of fact it went from
1.6 to 1.8 in a six year period whereas
our homicide rate here in America with
no gun amnesty no gun buyback program
decreased from 7.4 per 100,000 to 5.5
per 100,000 so we had a larger homicide
per 100,000 rate decrease in America
than they did in Australia with their
gun buyback programs so I don't I don't
believe that it was actually successful
not to mention in Port after the Port
Arthur massacre in Australia Australia
now has more legally owned guns in
Australia than they did before the 1996
Port Arthur Arthur massacre so I don't
believe that we those two things are
relatable I think that there were no
mass shootings in Australia before there
was two and then they had this gun
buyback program which wasn't targeted at
all guns by the way was only certain
types of weapons there and they went
back to the same level that they had of
mass shootings than they did before and
the guy who committed the mass shooting
by the way was a deranged lunatic I
believe they they said then they
reported on this before he went back on
Kerry did you create that graph it if
somebody create it for you this this is
a I created this based on the a ice
statistics crime stats AIC gov you can
go to that link I've been to the link
I'm curious why you ended at 2001
you took a five-year period here and
tried to establish a trend well because
from the 1990s like I've said before
many different intellectuals have
discussed the crime in the 1990s being
higher in every western country being
high for some reason they don't know why
but in every western country crime was
higher in the 1990s so if we because the
gun amnesty program that when you say
just when you say crime was higher in
the 1990s compared to what because crime
violent crime in the West is not higher
crime increased had we saw an increase
in crime in the 1990s and that okay
decade because it's very low from the
60s for instance even come no actually
in the 1960s violent crime has increased
about three times would you wait hold on
I'm very curious on this graph real
quick just because I'm very familiar
with these numbers I'm very curious
white you did a five-year here and speak
of the gun amnesty only lasted six weeks
in Australia so you would you you would
assume that you would see an immediate
effect
not necessarily why don't you because
well firstly because there are other
programs are implemented afterwards
different types of gun buybacks and
whatnot and if you go and we can see a
larger decrease in America we went from
7.4 where I'm pretty sure because if you
go like five years out on the Australia
side there I'm pretty sure that the
homicide rate drops to like a 1.1 when
I'm trying to say is that the gun
amnesty was pretty much immediate it was
a six-week period of gun amnesty is what
they call the gun amnesty over there
which is a weird name for it but gun
buyback program and so you would expect
the results to be immediate what I'm
arguing is that they're in a six-year
period their homicide rate actually went
from 1.6 to 1.8 it's probably lower now
it's probably somewhere around like 1.5
per 100,000 or something like that but
we saw a larger decrease per 100,000 in
homicides in America since that 1996
period now if we go all the way back to
the 1950s violent crime and this is one
of the quotes that you said in the Joe
Biggs debate which is actually
statistically incorrect you said that
violent crime is lower than it was in
the 1960s that's not true yeah I think
I'm looking more towards the 80s as what
I was thinking okay so yeah because in
the 1960s we had rape per 100,000
assault per 100,000 robbery per 100,000
and many other types of violent crime
aside
murder were three times less per 100,000
this is the reason why your mother and
your father always like to say you know
we could leave our doors unlocked and
stuff like that you know things that
boomers say but anyway are you full gun
Bobby or not
I mean if it's been demonstrated to work
and I believe most of the consensus
around Australia was that their gun
buyback program was largely successful I
mean their violent crimes had dropped
quite a bit maybe not in the immediate
like four or five years afterwards but
after that it did amazing what would you
make any changes in the gun laws in
America because of the way that America
is shifting right now I would concede
that probably background checks at the
very least I mean I'm completely okay
with the Druce program that that our
state has like Orange County it's it's
very easy for me to be able to purchase
a weapon I don't like the fact that they
have made the the ar-15 s in the state
where you have to break them open at the
top to be able to retrieve the the
magazine I think all those things are
stupid I think our politicians and this
touches on what destiny says most of our
politicians probably never touched a gun
in their entire life and they don't
understand I think that these things are
just ridiculous and there are hindrance
and I'm really upset about these things
adding 50 percent attacks on to
ammunition not not allowing me to go to
Bass Pro Shops in Las Vegas and bring
home you know a box of boxes of ammo
that I can take to the range and have
fun with I think that it's it's
ridiculous and the fact that our
politicians care more about 30 deaths a
year by air 15s than they do the
thousands of homicides that criminal
aliens commit is mind-boggling to me
mind-boggling would you made changes in
the gun laws in America yeah I think
gave me the ATF more teeth would
probably be better for them to actually
have a real database to manage the
purchase and sale and flow of firearms
through the country would probably be
positive
enabling the CDC to study gun violence
more I think they were authorized to do
like a single study it would probably be
beneficial as well so we get a better
answers on how to curb gun violence in
the u.s. that's amazing I'm not I don't
I'm not for the background check okay
because I don't trust the people who's
getting the information because
everything get the information on you
and know you have guns in your home how
many you have how can you trust those
people they can't be trustworthy I mean
if somebody if especially like if the
FBI really wants to know or if like the
NSA really wants to know
they probably have ways of finding that
out anyway but see I've been wondering
I won't I don't touch the background
check okay you can't really can't trust
government these days and you also can't
trust crazy people with guns so I mean
that's why I want to have my own so that
yeah but that doesn't seem to be true
like the the ID the myth of the
self-defense handgun doesn't seem to be
borne out in any of the literature
either just owning a firearm doesn't
make you safe or anything that makes you
more likely to kill yourself with it
when I was growing up actually the CDC
did do a study I don't know if you're
aware of the CDC study that was in 2013
and you aware of that study what about
it well Barack Obama it authorized the
CDC to do the largest study into gun
violence aware of the statistics that
came out of that study not maybe I don't
remember oh this is out of Forbes
magazine
okay he's this particular writer says
quoting the CDC research almost all
National Survey estimates the NDS
estimates indicate that defensive gun
uses by victims are at least as common
as offensive gun uses by criminals with
estimates of annual uses ranging from
about 500,000 to more than 3 million in
the context of about 300,000 violent
crimes involving firearms in 2008 so if
we turn this into a graph here out of
the CDC we're looking at at the high
number and I realize this is the high
number three million defensive gun uses
per year versus two hundred thousand
offensive gun uses per year according to
the study that the CDC did in 2013 and
this is the same exact year that Barack
Obama changed the definition of a mass
shooting to three or more people killed
during that mass shooting so you can
research further this for yourself I'm
not asking ya that it doesn't and it's
no bearing on what I said though having
a thing that doesn't necessarily doesn't
necessarily mean the outcomes were
beneficial for the people using them or
that the amount of violence of those
people were exposed to didn't cool as
well you know there's two million homes
that are broken into every single year
right and I think about almost half of
them where someone is actually at home
and for things like property crime if
you defend yourself with any weapon
besides a gun the outcomes are actually
more beneficial than if you use a gun to
defend your property well I mean not
according to the CDC study that study
doesn't say anything about whether or
not you had a successful defense of your
home it just shows how many times those
firearms were used well those things
aren't aren't recorded they absolutely
are we know that's handgun
is very commonly studied and it's
something that's been pretty widely
analyzed by a lot of people according to
the CDC it could be anywhere from three
million it could be as high as 3 million
defensive gun uses a versus two hundred
thousand offensive gun use sure so again
it's not answering the question that
you're trying to say that it's answering
whether or not those gun uses were
successful whether or not those gun use
has led to increased violence against
the people using them whether or not an
alternative tool would have been just as
beneficial or more beneficial which
seems to be the case isn't really
answered by the fact that a lot of
people use guns to defend their homes
why are you worried about the life's
loss by guns and not concerned about the
lives lost by criminal aliens for
instance why am I not concerned I am
concerned about the lives lost by
criminal why are you are you advocating
for policy changes surrounding the gun
issue but not advocating for policy
changes surrounding the immigration is
the issue for instance we'll ignore the
fact that this is a complete and total
non sequitur but I mean I don't know
what kind of illegal policies are well
you said you said in your debate with
Joe Biggs this is your quote there's
40,000 homicides by guns every single
year do you still stand by that quote I
don't believe I said that if I did I
misspoke I believe it's around 10 to 12
thousand yes aside spewing about 20,000
three times less than the flute do you
think that we have a gun violence
epidemic in this country the flu kills
30,000 people a year okay and we also
have flu shots I don't understand what
I'm just saying if there's if there's
10,000 homicides by guns each and every
year okay and 20 level suicides rated by
gang members okay
25 yeah but they use it because the guns
there they could hang themselves we
don't even talk the top 10 for suicide
what you just said what you just said
was very true they use it because it's
their having a firearm in the home makes
you more likely to kill yourself with
they're just not gonna stop them from
committing to it the numbers bear that
out if you have a farm in the home it's
top ten Japan is number seven for
suicides per 100,000 we don't even we
don't even they hanging themselves in
forests out there we don't even top the
top ten in suicides per 100,000 in this
country that's good I'm not trying to
make top 10 list for how many people
kill themselves in the US just guys
we're not on the wars big part of the
list there isn't gonna stop them from
killing but it does it's basically my
psychology if you were to put a button
next to a person's desk and they could
push it to kill themselves
more people would probably do it when
they're having a bad day as well I would
I would yeah I would say that probably
the bees we would pull the trigger on a
gun is much easier than tying a rope up
and hinder people who are quote on the
mass majority go ahead when I was
growing up there were no gun laws that
we have today and when I turned 15 they
gave me my first rifle no one ever
taught me how to use it or tell me not
to how to anything I went out and I used
my I killed a squirrel or something in a
tree
and yet you didn't have the gun didn't
have you know yeah mass shooting and all
that's happening Ben Weston and guns was
everywhere when I was growing up what's
the difference between then and now
there's a lot of difference and then and
now I mean economic disparity the
difference is between Luke fool I grew
up in a house they have at the amount of
30 men I've talked shot bad have you
ever used the bathroom outside yeah my
toilet was outside okay and so that was
just poor right I don't know I don't
know Hannah so we that would be
considered a pool if your toilet it's
made outside if you live in it yeah I
mean like I've been on farms where they
have like outhouses I wouldn't consider
but to think about and we were we didn't
have the money that people have today
why did we see this type of stuff happen
to then it was very very rare what's the
difference between then and now that's a
very complicated question you don't know
the answer to that I mean like there's
differences in the structures of
families the differences in cultural
attitudes towards firearms is probably
differences in the amount of gangs that
are present there's differences in the
types of sit in the structures of cities
access to guns access to drugs access to
people that are likely to kill each
other over either these things there's a
ton of differences between I don't know
what do you say the difference between
then and now I would say that there's I
mean Mike I have theories I don't have
any statistics to back this up as solid
fact I have theories that you know for
instance the white Americans
non-hispanics have they were at 5% I
think of children born out of wedlock
today we're at 30% black Americans went
from 22% today they're at 73% Hispanic
Americans up ticked as well we have a
changing massive influx of changing
demographics since the nineteen
50 so that I think that the sense of
community the sense of consistency the
sense of having technology there's all
sorts of things that you you have
children who were prescribed with
psychotropic multi-class drugs were only
I think 2% back in the 1950s versus
today where it's almost a quarter of all
children who are prescribed with
psychotropic drugs adderall because
their parents aren't willing to just
deal with their you know their their
energy that these kids have and shove an
iPad in their face I think there's a big
huge cultural change and these are the
things that I would like to target I
would like the chart target the hive
that is creating these things like mass
shooters and things like that because if
you look in the 1950s there was no mass
shootings but we had the same amount
same handguns with the same amount of
ammunition and in the magazines and
people weren't walking into school
shooting each other 90 percent of all
the mass shootings that happened in this
country are perpetrated with handguns we
had the same I have a 1911 from that era
that works better than my my beretta px4
storm from then I just bought like two
weeks ago so I think that there is a I
think we have to target those things I
think we have to focus on the the
cultural to decline and lots of
different things we do that yeah of
course I just don't see why I can't be
multi-faceted I think they're absolutely
problems that we have today in regards
to people getting along with each other
in terms of the happiness levels of
people experience in terms of our
disconnectedness from society you see a
lot of people that are discontent with
that and yeah definitely you can target
things like that you can also find ways
to keep people from hurting themselves
when I was growing up the differences
between then and now is that they have
families they were men and when we got
married they raised their kids they set
a good example sure it was unheard of or
black on black violence or for whatever
reason and black people now know most
don't have more values they don't have
families they don't have a sense of self
control and that's the reason that the
gun control the gun issues happening
right now because if they have values
have had parents of their love in their
hearts they wouldn't be killing each
other would you agree to that
probably yeah so why not change that
rebuild families rebuild men rebuild
families keeps morality by example yeah
anything why take away two innocent
people guns and not change the hearts
and minds other people again you can do
both I think now we need to do the
second one if you had more back
in order you just need to do one reveal
families so that each kid was seated
right thing when you talk about like
rebuilding families these are this is
like a very complicated again a
multi-faceted or talking about an
intersection between the criminal
justice system because people that are
locked up in jail have a much higher
chance of committing violent acts in the
future or having a life go awry in the
future you're talking about access to
wealth people that are wealthier tend to
get married earlier you're talking about
other forms of access to wealth
wealthier people tend to be able to
afford contraception or abortion or have
more but you know then if you've never
these are all wait but I'm saying like
marriage isn't something that people
just randomly decide to do there are a
lot of conditions that will predict
whether somebody would I don't need to
have children - until you get married
generally don't have children out of
wedlock because they need to it's
usually because it's an accident or
because of why there's a big cultural
aspect to it nowadays yeah I mean if you
look at the gang members this is the
gang members per 100,000 people by race
in America and you can see that the
black and Hispanic are at 1159 per
100,000 Hispanics at 1110 per 100,000
and the white non-hispanic are at 78
point nine seven per 100,000 at Asian is
like net negligible when you look at the
statistics the East agents like the
Chinese they're just like trying to play
learned piano violin and I mean so
there's a huge cultural aspect that I
think that and and I think that a lot of
this is perpetrated by Hollywood like as
far as the black mean I was talking to a
hotel hotel uncle hotep right and he
said and he was talking about how Halle
I mean Hollywood it they prop up blacks
being in gangs and selling drugs and you
know stealing cars and all sorts of
different things I think that's a big
issue like we should not be propping
that up on a pedestal and having that be
like something to strive to later on in
life see different cultures like the
Asians they don't have like they're not
they're not shunned in their little
community or their little group at
school for talking you know articulately
or something like that but I know that
I've talked to black Americans and they
say that they are they're shunned for
talking like a white guy or yeah sure
these are these are big issues that I
think that if you're gonna argue for
greater representation of minorities and
media I absolutely 100% will get on
board with that I think I was like
and I 100% agree representation of
minorities and idiots very important if
you're only role models and media are
gangsters or something like that then
yeah you probably should be we should be
saying that that's a bad thing
sure I generally agree that also keep in
mind that media media doesn't just tell
us you know what to do in some ways
media is a reflection of who we are it's
not like everybody in the country was
chill and then all of a sudden the media
just created these horrible images for
people to strive to or aspire to it's
more like those tend to be a reflection
of you know the times you know in and of
themselves you know when you look at a
lot of people point to things like black
culture and why don't they trust the
cops went well because a lot of them got
the [ __ ] kicked out of them by the cops
something really words do it not all the
to know you're talking about though you
talk about like pre segregation what not
and that's a lie - that was made up okay
you can walk into a school with white
children they have learned from the same
teacher who wanted to why not your worst
teachers and your less funding available
sure you were satisfied with the worst
institutions available to you that
wasn't that way I would love to him
telling you let me ask you John Adam
said you know I want both of you to
respond to this okay John Adams said the
Constitution were made to govern a more
and righteous people are the racists in
America are equally more and righteous
and would address an immorality within
these group help the gun violence I mean
every grew that America is right though
about the righteous the Jared Adams
right about the righteous and more
people sure he's right about that that
we need to righteous people to govern
right we need I mean given that we have
a democracy and our he said it'll be
cousin to who were may to govern a more
and righteous people
was he right about that probably yeah
yeah here yeah I'm pretty sure democracy
needs a righteous people to otherwise
they would vote for horrible things
right what do you see with it other
races and America equally more and
righteous and would addressing those
issues within these group may be in
violence that they
I don't think any two racial groups in
America are equal to one another because
our histories are very different from
one another and then addressing moral
BIOS well yeah we can get to that I
guess but um I mean addressing moral
issues I mean yeah you can do that to
some extent would that make a difference
oh I mean like it's it depends on what
you mean by address moral issues
typically just telling people to act
better doesn't usually do much you
usually have to you know go a little bit
farther with it so you know like James
says us to greater representation a
media can be a way to do that
you know different types of programs
like after school programs stuff related
to that can can help people give people
role models I got to help though to
bless have midnight basketball you know
no I didn't know that that's not working
they go down on a court now and kill
each other yeah though in Chicago there
was just a story recently it was very
very concerning to me yeah I'm from
Chicago originally and they were
shooting up the funeral of the Prince of
the gang member who got shot on England
shopping for the funeral of do that
funny isn't it do you feel like you're
do you feel like you're biologically
predisposed to commit criminal
activities you or your family what does
that be well so James suggested that
maybe biologically they might have an
inclination as a black person to be more
violent than a way we did there but I
believe they do know that evolved in one
generation all the genes oh that's not
what I said
I said that there's a biology biological
aspects that certainly lead to people
committing more crimes so there was a
Harvard study on for instance and I'm
not saying you know I'm not saying we're
not we're talking about on average here
there was a Harvard study not me right
not not not usually not just well we
could look at the rock the Rushton
Jensen study the Russian Jensen study
said that and even you know academics
agree that a lower average IQ makes you
more predisposed to commit crime we look
at the Port Arthur massacre shooter he
had a 70 IQ would would you agree that a
lower average IQ makes you more
predisposed to commit crime I don't know
if that's true offhand but I could
believe that Shay yeah rusty and Jensen
study so if we look at the hundred years
of IQ data that we have that we have
this data
years of IQ testing we'll see a
difference a difference in the average
IQ of black Americans average IQ of
white Americans average IQ of Hispanic
Americans average IQ of Asian Americans
with Asians at the very top and so I
think that we can find a correlation
there might not be a direct correlation
of why Asians commit like almost no
crimes or East Asians and why there have
the highest SAT scores and they're you
know they're suing Harvard right now
because of affirmative action I would I
would say that there's some correlation
that we could talk about there without
being called racist you know on all
these different things I think we can
talk about well the problem is if you
weren't talking about a correlation you
were talking about a causal effect of
your race and I'm not saying no what I'm
what I'm saying is we look at the the
homicide rate the weapons violation rate
per 100,000 homicide rates the same
rankings black Americans 130 per 100,000
Hispanics 42 per 100,000 White's 23 per
100,000 it's according to FBI data and
Asians are like not even on a chart they
don't even register on the chart so I'm
saying if we look at these things we
look at you go to the great schools org
and I was because I have three children
and you know I look for schools when
we're buying our house and you go to
great schools Oregon if you go toward
the richest area the richest district or
the poorest district and you're always
going to see those same rankings and
when they talk about like the Russian
Jensen study you look at James D Watson
who discovered the DNA was the double
helix he talked about this a lot and you
and you can find some sort of
correlation that we're not allowed to
talk about that for some reason now well
we're allowed to talk about correlations
you keep saying this word correlation
but you were you were talking about was
a causal link well is that not
biological what I'm saying is is is no
necessary logical not necessary they say
then up until 18 it is well who IQ do
you believe is the high black or white
right now in the United Way and why is
that
greater access to wealth greater access
to education we have known it's very
different no do you think it's because
of the genes I think it's because of
well that's a good question I mean we've
evolved and died because of yeah how can
you say if we all evolved in different
continents that there's not biological
different I mean look you're not going
to see many Asians going in
in the NBA and there's a reason for that
it's because of physical differences
black Americans are more they're more
athletic inherently biologically no one
disputes that if we're all plenty of
people that dispute a lot of these
things these are it is very hard to
tease out a biological causal
relationship between somebody's genes
and then I highly poly genetic trait
like IQ I understand the desire
describing the person who discovered
that DNA was been largely also
discredited by the entire academic
community there are hundreds of
geneticists that have signed on to these
really broad letters saying that they're
very uncomfortable singe ends with
Richard Herrnstein charles murray the
guy who discovered DNA effectively
discovered DNA was oh these people are
all making first of all charles murray
has no background on biology like what
IQ data it doesn't necessarily mean
there's a causal relationship like
Europe you keep pointing out how good
agent Americans are compared to black
Americans without even thinking for a
second well the history of these two
people in this country is incredibly
different black people were brought over
200 250 years ago on slave ships against
their will from their homes to the
United States to live here under slavery
and then under legalized segregation and
now for the past 60 70 years we were
kind of starting to right the ship
asian-americans a lot of them largely
extra better American this is a single
question Asian Americans largely
emigrate over here because they have the
money to do so this is Heinie's for how
do you tryna or other countries and the
cola than you are today how do you
explain it it's a very complicated
question and complicated so it didn't
have London didn't have Jim Crow London
didn't have Jim Crow laws I mean I can
only I can only side with a majority of
the academic community that is
incredibly uncomfortable making the
assertion that biology is the reason why
certain groups of people are more
violent than other groups
yeah and that academic community is the
same academic community that got Brown
University to delete a study on rapid
onset gender dysphoria because it might
hurt someone's feelings okay this is the
same academic immediate community that
props up gender dysphoria as something
cool to be nowadays I don't think lis
any denying
science this is a science if first of
all biological differences between men
and women you have so firstly we are
talking about firstly the stage
okay so firstly if we want to deny
academic researcher academic literature
we can only engage a conspiracy theory
which is something I'm not interested in
doing I can only go by what the
literature says secondly if you want to
talk about science denial go by with the
literature and if you want to go by
science denial I mean the APA has made
pretty clear statements regarding
transgender individuals or gender
dysphoria these aren't fantastical
things they make make conservatives
uncomfortable but just because it makes
you uncomfortable doesn't mean the
scientists yeah once within their study
on gender dysphoria said it was a mental
condition gender dysphoria is considered
a mental to our we propping up a mental
condition we don't prop up a mental
condition we're try to alleviate help we
do try to out suicide rate do try to
help say that it's okay to lean so we do
try to help them in the number one way
that the APA suggests to leave gender
dysphoria is to things like hormone
therapy and sex reassignment surgery I
would say that that's probably not the
best there's mothers who are crying I
can only point to what the literature
says oh I can with their breasts chopped
off and their ovaries and nobody chops
off their breasts randomly and that's
not how sex works they don't that's not
happening happening these are mothers
who have will have you guys I mean like
they are very clear that SRS x-ray
stammers on hormone therapy is largely
positive any community that decreases
once they've experienced sex three
summers there to hormone therapy okay
guys anyway I don't even know how we got
onto this because you brought us here
you back about that but let me ask you
this you are gamer right yeah sometimes
it gave me that you see game of me you
sit around all day playing on the
computers anyway sometimes yeah how old
are you
so how do you reconcile deal with the
fact that games are very violent right
uh-huh is that a little problematic no
no no no that doesn't we there's no show
that I noted anywhere that the idea that
violent video games are predictors of
violent behavior for children I didn't
ever say that do you play games I I play
games with my children sometimes I
video games but tight there's no lies in
those games yeah but I don't agree I
don't think that that I don't think that
that's going to cause someone to go to
someone I'm not going to how is how you
able destiny to be shooting and killing
on the games but you don't want to do it
in real life if you had well he did pull
what I say pull a gun out on stream one
time oh you did yeah we've talked about
guns on stream before yeah no doopy was
thought someone was breaking into your
home didn't you is possible I don't
remember this might have happened you
pull your dough well that's what he's
supposed to do I know I'm not sure I
don't know it was a lot of stream yeah
but but no I've never killed anyone
before so you don't want to ban certain
types of weapons because I heard you say
that before you said that you're not
really you don't think that it that's
would do anything I mean like what the
[ __ ] the obsession over air 15 s is very
dumbfounded it's very stupidest so you
do okay so okay yeah I mean I would
agree with you I think that it's mostly
politicians in general you know on both
charity and and the restrictions that
are on air fifteens here are very stupid
stupid have you seen that I've shot with
them with the weirds claims [ __ ] illegal
aliens are bringing in trouble those the
guns and drugs and and all this things
and these things that ended up in a
black communities that I don't know if
illegals are bringing illegally I mean
there's tons of fires we can just watch
it is it are you are you for putting up
a big beautiful wall around the border
because if you did that would stop a lot
of the guns from coming I don't think
that one of the guns a lot of these no
you know for the wall a lot of these
guns coming to be a port of entry via
say via air like I know but the words
that are coming across illegally without
the wall you know you for putting her to
war stopping that I don't think the wall
would help mine are you for the wall no
what are you I am for the wall yeah
statistics have showed that the wall in
Hungary is 99.9% effective the wall in
Israel was ninety-nine point nine the
borders are so far far far smaller and
those countries are the NICU has why do
you think normal grab you I mean we're
not talking about a wall Ronny and
there's many natural barriers who which
where we don't need a wall or a barrier
in place but why do you think in this
lows and why do you think regular I mean
just human beings don't have the common
sense and know that a wall work
I think that I don't know I mean I I
break with many people who are supposed
to be on my side ideologically too and
many different issues I think that a lot
of very tribal I know why I know I think
that some people are just very tribal no
I think that why do you say be they do
maybe they do agree I mean this is
something and even Chuck Schumer said
under the Barack Obama administration he
said he said in 2001 we were able to you
know build a barrier around our southern
border which drastically will reduce you
know people coming over here illegally
Chuck Schumer means and now he's talking
something completely different now that
Trump in office all right it's just a
tribals why do you think regular who
would be no have sense enough to know
that a wall work or something at regular
Hill being the census that it would work
but it's when you dig into a little bit
more and you apply a little bit of
critical to you what did you think well
no it's because of the great white hope
friends like the majority of people they
really right no yeah the the the wall is
a highly impractical idea I mean like
most of our huge seizures I think wow
was it like the largest seizure I want
to say it was phenyl related drugs just
happened at a port of entry like within
the past couple of weeks I think I
remember it was fentanyl or marijuana
yeah but I'm mostly the the drugs that
come over in the airport venues through
the Port of Entry it's not like a fast
and furious driving like in the border
apprehensions just in 2017 alone with
fiscal years amazing it's not amazing
sure are amazing all right amazing
my father coin did you have fun I always
have fun did you have fun yeah it's fine
right now do you like him now I mean we
disagree right yeah we've spoken before
oh yeah oh you got know each other yeah
briefly we like I don't know some other
stream or so I can't remember it was
like a year ago no really it's amazing
how some more white heterosexual couple
that we can all talk about this I'm glad
that you you know have your show it's a
good show important that you have your
show and stuff like that so I don't glad
you out there to man aren't you glad
he's there I like all points of you'd be
represent this is a good night I'm not
sure I would have to dig more into
Wisconsin
I don't know I'm happy you do all right
thank you all for tuning in
[Music]
