really I thoroughly enjoy fried [ __ ] I
love it you know I understand it
stereotypes about it and all that kind
of stuff but I I love it I just don't
really like fried food I'm not really a
fan of chicken I've never ate it so what
you've never had fried chicken I have
had it I just I don't enjoy it I don't
really eat fried foods I try to eat
pretty healthy stuff
would you guys be offended if I had
dreads since I'm biracial since I'm half
black and half light so where is the
line like if someone's a quarter block
I'm not gonna sit there and come to your
face and be like you're not 100% black
therefore you can't like that's not my
place however if you are a white person
and you have dreads in her hair it's
like what what does that mean to you and
you're not even wearing them right like
you need to wash up I just don't see how
a race can own a hairstyle to be honest
like hairs hair there's all kinds of
hairstyles in Africa I still don't think
that like a single race group can say
this one hair style nobody else can do
it but me because I I don't like idea uh
perpetuating this concept that all black
people have to be the same I think the
same in a cuisine we found the Candice
Owens in the group creatives and he uses
like creative speech and some people
just take him at face value are like a
little saying every creative to be
taking a runway I disagree I don't think
that he's so creative and his words are
you mister look he's making very
specific phrases like why people chose
he's like completely I think there's a
there's a mindset where we're you know
where oh he was about to say it actually
I agree with this guy 100 million
percent but this guy was about to say I
feel really bad when Kanye West made
that that statement that black people
choose to be slaves he wasn't saying
that like black people were just
choosing to be slaves and that was all
blah blah blah he was using that as a
great this is how it hurts so much to
defend Kanye because he's so horribly
spoken but what Kanye West is saying was
that things like consumerism which is
like what he's been [ __ ] obsessed
with these are mindsets it's not just
people force you to do it it's things
that become so ingrained in you that
they become part of your active
decision-making process and that black
people to some extent did quote-unquote
choose to be slaves right because there
were enough theoretically and a lot of
plantations to rise up and kill the
owners but
didn't they because slavery becomes such
an ingrained part of your mindset that
it becomes your choice or that makes
sense that that's that is 1 million
percent what Kanye we can actually go
and watch the clip but that's what Kanye
West was saying when he was saying black
people choose to be slaves that is what
he meant we can listen to the full clip
Kanye West gave his first people in chat
actually don't believe me [ __ ] I want um
I want the full unedited clip we wanted
to him talk I don't want just like the
20 the 10 second clip bait but people
are gonna say that like I'm
overanalyzing it [ __ ] but um no no it's
actually like when you listen to it you
will agree with me no-one in chat will
just give it you'll listen to it and
you'll be like oh [ __ ] yeah I guess that
is what he was saying right
it's consequence somebody give me the
original clip it's TMZ well it will this
have it that backlash overs in the
Animas West Street I agree with you but
Kanye West presented his idea so
horribly I don't even think he did I
think it was pretty clear because like
Kanye West especially being like the
whole [ __ ] mag I hadn't [ __ ] I wanted
I want to [ __ ] on penny always so
[ __ ] bad dude like I'll [ __ ] do it
in a heartbeat especially after he
didn't endure [ __ ] Jesus and [ __ ]
okay [ __ ] that but um but it was like
very clear like this was like the first
time I heard this it was like okay no
nevermind like this is clearly what he
meant um maybe it's in here just got off
the phone with Jay Cole he said how do
you feel when they said bugged out I was
on opioids two days after I got off of
opioid I was like in the middle it's
like he's sitting down crazy
right okay I don't [ __ ] hate this
now this she is a bad [ __ ] actor
Kanye's ideas are good
this chick is [ __ ] crazy and hateful
is a massive [ __ ] piece of [ __ ] [ __ ]
this stupid [ __ ] piece of [ __ ] but I
don't think Kanye is mal-intent like
this piece of [ __ ] is an actual [ __ ]
evil piece of [ __ ] human Kanye West is
just very [ __ ] bad at the way that he
expresses himself and probably mentally
ill like Jesus Christ the pain I
understand that that gave them pain that
made him see pain but guess what
when I went into the hospital we're now
and I think it's covered on them people
does he say it in here all right do we
have to listen to the whole [ __ ]
how can she be evil if she's mental no
no kanye West is mentally ill Candice
Owens is very sane and very evil
represent that but also represent the
world you hear about slavery for 400
years for 400 years that's not like a
choice like he was there for 400 years
and it's all of y'all you know like it's
like we're we're mentally in prison I
like the word prison cuz slavery those
don't direct to the idea of blacks it's
like slavery Holocaust Holocaust Jews
slavery is blacks so prison is something
that unites us is one race blacks and
whites being in one race that we're one
we're with what do you have do you
remember wearing the thing because I
want to get the lake there's like an
edit that happens right before this
president that but I also represent the
world are you here about like the
conversation that this is part of do we
have to listen to this whole thing
because I I feel like I didn't see it in
here where he's like sitting on talking
to these guys that you're okay we're
just gonna start [ __ ] it maybe we run
into it okay Stan what you've just said
here it sounds to me you got precisely
the reaction you wanted by wearing that
hat you wanted a reaction no you knew
there was gonna be a reaction I knew
there was gonna be a reaction but I'm
just living my life day by day doing
what I feel and what the spirit calls
upon me to do but it also you realize it
is no AAG that you're not apologizing
because everybody else when they make a
statement like that they end up
apologizing because they're so worried
about what people say in social media
well you know why you know why when I
went to visit him the first time I right
after the election yeah and I took the
tweets down and everything go cuz I was
drugged the [ __ ] out bro I was drugged
out I was on opioids two days after I
got off of opioids and I was addicted to
opioids two days I got off for opioids
um I'm in the hospital right I'm taking
two hey everyone listen to this please
two days before I was in the hospital I
was on opioids I was addicted to opioids
I had plastic surgery because I was
trying to look good for y'all I got
liposuction because I didn't want
charter called me fat like y'all call
Rob at the wedding and made him fly home
before me and Kim got married I don't
want y'all to call me fat so I got
liposuction right and they gave me
opioids
right and I started taking two of them
and then driving to work on the opioids
right then my boy and I don't that's my
boy uh you know Hemi uh yeah we all
toward him so we Baba we had to go get
opioids and it was talked too much I
can't like popping these popping pills
right so when he headed to me he said
you know this is used to kill genius
right so I didn't take it two days later
I'm in a hospital I was taking two pills
a day at that time when I left the
hospital how many pills you think I was
given seven I'm not protecting two pills
to take in seven so the reason why I did
now my drakul sweet and everything cuz I
was drugged the [ __ ] out bro and I'm not
drugged out this these people did they
want me to take three other day I'll
take one a week maybe two will be y'all
had me scared myself of my vision so I
took some pills so I wouldn't hospital
can't prove everyone right we are drunk
out we are following other people's
opinions we are controlled by the media
and today it all changes you got to pop
and linen in the hallway today all
changes we need to think out of Pig free
we need to be free thinkers then we need
to know how to feel free people say feel
free but we don't even how to feel free
or think free say what you feel positive
or negative I took it off the phone with
Jay Cole you say how do you feel when
they said the Chris is gonna kill you I
said man that was a headline but when
they said they want to beat me up I said
that's great
did my brother sing love me then one
happy sister to me I love that I love
the Chris I love the book I love
everyone how many people are feeling how
many people felt something that I said
today raise a hand if you felt up and I
said today do you feel that I'm feeling
do you feel down be free I'm thinking
free yes I don't need to pick anything I
think what you're doing right now is
actually the absence of thought and the
reason why I feel like that cuz Kanye
you're in time to your opinion your
towns believe whatever you want there's
fact in real world real life consequence
behind every so promise Kanye West his
whole life you're like for the past ten
years he's been obsessed with this idea
that everyone in society is controlled
by like consumers thought or whatever
which there's a lot of good merit to and
then this guy's gonna bring up the
obvious problems words like yo Kanye
like you're saying a lot of [ __ ] that
people are taking
the wrong way and these [ __ ] idiots
like Candace Owens are like hijacking
your [ __ ] and Republicans are trying to
make it out now that you're saying
they're like black people sucker it
every right thing you just sit while you
are making music and be an artist and
living a life that you've earned by
being a genius the rest of us in society
have to deal with these threats to our
lives we have to deal with the
marginalization has come from the 400
years of slavery that you said but our
people was a choice every day we have to
walk into that room while you choose to
say things that to be honest with you
dog or nonsensical you want to predict
really that's fine I'll come back your
every thought well my free thought
because mine gets grounded in reality
and I've been dipping in reality I'm
going to change but I'm not gonna do it
by pretending that the enemies are all
the same teams me and frankly I'm
disappointed I'm appalled and brother I
am unbelievably hurt by the fact that
you have morphed into something to me
that's not real that's the way I feel
stay not uncomfortable you understand
going say whatever you want to say but
don't throw stones in hide your hands
like the rest of us are just gonna
swallow it yeah forever do you remember
the life that I live is a real person an
actual person I think as he said some he
said grounded in reality this reality
has been forced upon us into the choice
like I said slavery of the choice the
reality we can make our own reality we
can talk about history but not too long
so this is he's talking about his
slavery as a choice coming right he what
he thinks is that all the choices that
you make are like given to you by
corporate America loving each other now
we have no enemies we don't have enemies
like do you find it ironic like I do
that he's obsessed with making limited
edition sneakers and talks about
consumerism yeah that's what um sway
called him out on when he's talking
about anti-consumerism [ __ ] and Kanye
selling like hundred fifty dollar
t-shirts yeah yeah I don't understand
that but people have a tendency to focus
and March when a white person kills a
black person or wears a hat but when
it's 700 kids being killed in Chicago
it's okay it's okay
blacks to kill blacks now and now he's
gotten fallen down the conservative
rabbit hole the system [ __ ] that Candis
Owens has probably talk to him about he
doesn't set the price of a lot of his
merch [ __ ] he's Kanye West if he
didn't want his [ __ ] sold at that price
his [ __ ] wouldn't be sold at that price
Darren [ __ ] to you I can set the
price of my shirts I know the kanye west
can influence the price in his shirts
who said it
[Laughter]
[Laughter]
I didn't mean to wear the hat which
shocks many people and that give him a
way out of the pain I understand that
that gave him pain tomatoes he pain but
guess what hospital we're now in
hospital TMZ is the hospital to fix the
world we and make us feel like
everything kind a so impressionable he
felt on the conservatives should so hard
in this his slavery comments aren't in
here though I think this was before the
video black people don't care about
black lives until a white person Texan
it's false that's not the people are
doing is working community every day
guys all over the place this is after
yeah this whole video is after ladies
and gentlemen North West's father oh
[ __ ] this might have it where is the um
where the comment was good everybody's
talking about because I don't think
people necessarily understand what
happened last week with the great
American half so everybody wants to hear
from you and I don't have a special
about what brought me to that what was
your point what are you trying to do
with the message you're sending well it
was really just my subconscious it was a
feeling I had you know like people were
taught how to think we're talking to
feel we don't know how to think of
ourselves we don't know how to feel for
some people say feel free but they all
really wants to feel free and I felt a
freedom and first of all just doing
something everybody tells you not to do
like you can do for this reason so and
I'm not come up here to justify anything
it's you know you can
tell me the song you can't tell me
around you know supposed to do and also
it's like icons and representations you
know I don't subscribe to I can't you
take like the the Nazi symbol if you go
to India it's all over the place but it
doesn't represent something different so
for me the way the hat means I want to
make America great
come on come on we were you wearing that
specifically to show support for an
ultra so to ask an artist there's
infinite reasons there's infinite
reasons to the why an artist does
something I always doesn't need
suggestions artist needs paint brush and
a canvas so this opened up the
conversation I'm probably gonna do the
least good explanation a lot I'm just
connected with the universe period you
know I'm just saying that because what
the media trying to do is it attacking
me with these smoke screens that I'm not
gonna fall for like I see you got dad's
Dillinger okay so
I'll Media Takeout it said the Crips
have a hit on Kanye West right and I
said wow this is really gonna send some
black people to kill me and am I ready
to be into me but you know we hear about
slavery 40 years before we get a choice
like you're like it's like we're
presently wear prison tats lavery those
were two to direct to the idea of
glasses like say we call the cost of
slavery slacks so prison is something
that has one race last item in one race
the human race we're human beings and
eventually you know you said that
slavery was around 400 a point it
becomes a choice we're choosing to be a
slave we're like okay so we bro
I'm there with Candace right anyone
stars bring up these his version of
facts right and Candice has fact she's
researched it so much research and then
Canada suppose he's mean using it slave
people's nice you choose eat a net let
the truth be free can I give you a
translation yeah what happen last we can
tell me if it's right for the way I see
it you don't necessarily think Dwarfs
embrace the views of Donald Trump as
much as you but like it's pretty clear
like in all of this he's not like the
take that you would listen to this to
come out thinking oh Kanye West said
that black people wanted or chose me
slave that's a pretty shallow take like
that's a pretty dumb the context is make
it worse
no I mean like you can be critical here
that he is
very in eloquent or you could be
critical that he's being kind of like
swayed by conservative figures like
Candace Owens sure
but to take like the bus like oh he said
that black people chose to be enslaved
like they wanted to be like that's a
pretty surface level like take care I
mean like if I mean if you want to hate
him for it not yourself out but I think
that's I think that like his statements
here a pretty consistent with all the
other like obsessions with consumers
Amisha that he's had like on top of
those men show people that they
shouldn't be intimidated from is it
reasonable for slaves to just get
together and just not be slaves I mean
to some extent yeah that's kind of yeah
I mean like to broaden this conversation
like things like revolutions and
everything happened and the idea that
like a small group of people oppress a
large group of people due to like I
guess like pervasive mind so it's like
that's always kind of been like
pervasive through all of human history
right like how many you know like if
every single person in the United States
were to revolt against the government we
would win in a heartbeat if any and a
lot of structures revolved around like
power being centralized around very few
people and subduing an entire class of
people that by numbers you know would be
able to you know would be able to do
something with us so I mean like yeah I
think that there is I I think that if
you dig through all of the mental [ __ ]
that is um all the mental [ __ ] that of
Kanye West's mine I think you can
extract it's a somewhat reasonable point
there that you do can't get poisoned by
certain mindsets and it causes you to
make bad choices and you get it stuck in
that I just think that um I just think
that um Kanye West's looks horrendously
inadequate and also has like pretty bad
like mental illness issues some more
grist for this conversation mill high
politics real quick now we all here
of course I know of course I know that
slaves did not get shackled and put on a
boat by free will he tweeted my point is
for us to have stayed in that position
even though the numbers were on our side
means that we were mentally enslaved he
added they cut our tongue so he couldn't
communicate to each other I will not
allow my tongue to be cut off they can
no longer stop our voice
Kanye defending this way do you think
that is against my point I do you think
that's with my point I mean that destiny
acts like slave rebellions didn't happen
I mean I'm sure they did all the time I
mean I watched Django
he's just tried to explain this like on
repeat since he said that [ __ ] you're
wondering sorry yeah I mean like again
like yeah then he had his big
falling-out with Candice Owens cuz I
think somebody talked some sense
okay destiny see your point but holy
[ __ ] that war perspective of Kanye when
he can reap the benefits of privilege
and at the same time being against it
somehow it's totally messed up well I
mean like I don't think he denies that
he gets the benefits of it but do you
not see the slaves could have revolted
and black people can't just choose to
lead better lives in current society as
counterpoints know it's the same type of
point it's the idea that when you live
in a certain type of society long enough
a mindset can be forced upon you that
enslaves you mentally right that's his
whole point is mental enslavement why
discuss this with a guy with mental
issues because people want [ __ ]
clicks on their stories
I think the 400 years part is telling as
well
well I mean I think that supports my
point unless you're saying it is and
we're agreeing with it can you give the
song a try
oh we've listened to the system you're
being very charitable not really I mean
like I said I don't really have any
desire to be I mean I don't have the
desire to be charitable to Kanye West I
don't really like him especially since I
think all those albums synced My
Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy was
sucked and the conservative band was
real dumb but I mean I think that my
reading is pretty fair but I don't know
marry agree to disagree
I'm gonna agree with the front of yours
mine oh yeah
isn't that like 1984 where in the end
everyone is just enslaved by the mindset
well yeah the entire book is about being
saved by mindset right I mean it's
either be a slave or get beat to death I
guess you can consider that a choice but
like what do you expect them to do well
no because like
I'm trying to make up like how I can but
he contradicted himself he said they
chose to be enslaved but also said they
cut our tongues so that's not a
contradiction what he's saying is that
people's minds were brainwashed so that
slavery seemed like the only viable
choice one of the ways that they
brainwash you is by cutting off the
tongues of people that try to get people
to rise up I don't think I'm being too
charitably I feel like it's pretty
straightforward right that people if
people want to talk to each other people
want to talk about how [ __ ] the system
is they cut your tongue so that you
continue to make the choice to be
enslaved I've I mean I don't know I feel
like it's pretty scary I mean like I
guess if we don't agree at this point
were probably never gonna grin up but I
think that you can um yes they were
brainwashed how is that choosing well
that's the whole point the idea is that
everything that you choose is somewhat
of an illusion that you think you go to
the store and you choose the fast food
you want to eat or the clothes that you
want to wear the phone that you talk to
people on but in reality all of it is
brainwashing via consumerism and Kanye
West is a pretty consistent on saying
this over and over again right
I seriously doubt he's speaking to that
in that interview I agree with you that
collectively they chose to be slaves but
they probably never really had the
capability among themselves to get out
of this situation
I mean yeah probably not I don't think
there's some like psychic drone that can
signal every slave to rise up and fight
that's probably true I don't get how you
can say that it's not fair to rag on
people in gangs or shitty positions
socioeconomically in today's society but
it's totally fine to say that slaves
should just make their own life better
I'm not saying that slaves should make
their own life better um okay I'm gonna
assume that this isn't a bad faith
argument maybe I'm missing a step here
but I don't get how you can say that
it's not fair to rag on people in gangs
or a shitty positions socioeconomically
but it's totally fine to say that slaves
I'm not ragging on slaves what I'm
explaining is that people that the
position you're in in society is more
than just where you are like physically
that it's also a mindset as well like if
anything I'm reaffirming my position in
Kanye West that I would share the
position here where where he would say
oh well poor people they're not just
physically poor they choose to be poor
and he would say you know how do they
choose before poor people choose to be
poor by spending their money really
shittily and taking payday advance loans
and all of this but the reason why you
choose to be poor is because in society
when you're poor you know society tells
you to do certain things that continue
to make you poor much the same way that
a slave is chosen it puts you to a poor
mindset the same way that a slave is put
into a slave enslaved mindset right I
had the same takers here the first time
I heard Kanye I mean like it's not I
don't think I'm being charitable but I
am having to like wade through an ocean
of garbage to get to Kanye West's
thoughts Destin you would never call
that choosing okay maybe you would or
maybe you wouldn't for the purpose of
this conversation I mean like
technically you would technically there
is no such thing as any choice right so
I mean right so it's like what kind of
wishy-washy anyway right did Kanye make
the statement to relate to the
consumerism or to the problem Qatar I
mean like we can listen to once why not
che
this is sweet this is I think this is a
few years earlier but like it's the same
like all of the same talking points are
still here what suede suede in the
morning in the morning in the morning
the most important artists of this
generation over 21 Grammys six
consecutive number-one albums one of the
most impactful voices to ever grab a
microphone what are most talent to
producers okay and then if you ever
heard someone do the meme you ain't got
the answers wait now you'll know where
the name comes from okay Kanye in my
opinion always acts well and that he
sees the light and everyone doesn't
outlandish thoughts etc but maybe I am I
the I think that like the problem is
that I legitimately believe I think that
there is a pretty smart person inside
Kanye West but I think it's really sad
but I think that he's like ultra [ __ ]
bipolar like they actual like manic
depressive bipolar [ __ ] and you can tell
when he goes through his like severe
manic episodes you know even before you
know a lot of people said the death of
his mom messed him up I think that even
before that like there are stories of
like Kanye just being [ __ ] crazy and
he's got a lot of references in his
songs I never hear people talk about
this but he's got a lot of references
and his songs about being mentally
[ __ ] or being in special education
right I think in one of his songs like
I'm you know like I remember the slow
kids I was in class with them or
whatever like he you know he's got a lot
of references and different songs to
even like being it's about at least two
I'm pretty sure being in special
education classes like I do think that
mentally like this Kanye West is like
missing I was I'm missing something but
he has like problems and I don't know if
he treats these or if he even
acknowledges these especially because
he's like so hyped up he's so gassed up
from all the people around him but
destiny but if we go down this route
there's no person with France ability or
how you decide when individuals personal
response for their decisions yeah that's
the route that I want a head down I know
that it's very boring so this is one of
the reasons why I don't like morality um
ironically not let's see we can plug
these statements in questions of
responsibility are boring because they
don't really get us anywhere in an issue
let's say that a man walks into a room
pulls out a gun and he murders five
people okay cold [ __ ] blood the
question of is he responsible or not is
he morally wrong or not
a very interesting or compelling
question to me now if we ascribe
traditional morality to the situation we
assume that he's relatively you know in
his in a state of mind where he has
agency and whatnot then yeah he's of
course he's responsible for his actions
and he should be punished and blah blah
blah but the thing is is that morality
is boring and stupid and oftentimes
straightforward and just no one cares
okay well a lot of people care
unfortunately and even a more
interesting question instead of asking
this question of like easy morally right
or wrong is it responsible more
interesting question is asking why did
he do this because these are the answers
that are going to make it so that they
don't happen in the future
you know being able to point to 500
people know he's responsible he's
responsible that blame him blame him
blame him it doesn't really get us
anywhere other than I guess making us
build more prisons for people right the
more interesting question is to ask well
why did he do that I want to know why he
did it right well if we go back and we
look and we link 50 million different
types of predictors for certain types of
people so say being from low-income
housing being from certain [ __ ] up
neighborhoods having a single-parent
household having the presence of drugs
in a household now these are questions
that are very [ __ ] interesting
because of these questions raised are
our bayesian our Bayesian probabilities
with somebody growing up and becoming a
murderer right where say you start off
at 1% but being in a single-parent
household raises it to 5% and then being
in a low-income household raises it to
9% and then having a drug influenced
sibling races to fit right well these
are things that we can actually start to
change at this point right and I think
that um and I think that asking these
questions and then trying to address
these issues is so much more compelling
and so much more fruitful than getting
obsessed this is why when I have debates
with you all the time I always say like
when people focus on like responsibility
they're just boring question like I
don't really care like you know is this
guy responsible did he choose to be
probably I don't know I don't I don't
give a [ __ ] it's just it's not a very
entertaining question like I mean I make
a [ __ ] ton of money I can sit here on my
pulpit all day long and blame people for
making bad decisions I can point to a
million poor people that do dumb [ __ ]
with their money even if you're insanely
poor you just should still be
contributing to a Roth IRA you know even
if you're you know insanely [ __ ]
financially you shouldn't be [ __ ]
maxing out credit cards it's not gonna
help you right I can sit here and make
those judgments and I can sit here and
ascribe you know you're it's your
responsibility little blah but that's
dumb that's boring right more
interesting questions are why do people
make the badge
as they make and what can we do to make
it so that they don't make those choices
all right that's the that's the
interesting questions to me
sorry I still don't get how you can call
mental and slave in a choice so the
mental enslavement isn't a choice it's
the idea that I don't strike my master
because not because I'm being kept there
by force but because my mind has been
imprisoned and I no longer do it this is
really [ __ ] cringy but I'll pull in a
[ __ ] game of Thrones reference I
guess to illustrate what's the scene
where he so it's the idea behind this
scene right this is this is kind of what
Kanye West is talking about right so
reek is a character that has been
basically tortured and mentally enslaved
to this character Ramsay now at this
stage in the in the in this show well
Ramsay you know it's been his life has
been completely [ __ ] destroyed by
this or reek Theon has been his life has
been destroyed by this character and you
would expect like okay well now he can
murder him clearly and he should be able
to do it right but he but he doesn't
make the choice to he makes the choice
to remain enslaved because he's been
mentally enslaved right
that I guess like in a microcosm this is
kind of what we're talking about
apparently xkc wants to talk um I think
he's got I think he's got permissions to
join my discord room where he can always
call me oh you can always call me if you
want buddy
two years before this incident he used
extremely a shut hold on he was
extremely similar terminology in the
song that backs up your point wait huh
what's up buddy [ __ ] if you're like
family I study a little bit you know I
just thought they're awake and I don't
want then I'm awake but they know but I
don't want to make noise okay wait it's
just this thing wrong I don't want to
there's not like you're trying to stop
or you're going with your what your
shrim or your topic in oh yeah all right
so we talked about this [ __ ] all the
time it's not good um I don't seem like
cheap okay go whatever but I've been
like watching and listen to Connie for
like like as long as I'm not that I
don't really to him or I don't I don't
got his ideas at all I just you know I
just listened a lot of [ __ ] and way your
listen up wash okay Kanye or and
everybody I just watch all I wash and
read a lot of [ __ ] and I always felt
like not only is in what he says but it
is well I think it's more of his
nonverbal the thing he does like with
his mouth or it was facial features
whatever yeah I feel like sometimes it's
not that you know sometimes like
somebody smart but he looks dumb or the
opposite right I feel like him there's
like two layers of depth to it I feel
like um sometimes he'll act woke right
uh-huh oh but he's not but he's actually
kind of smart is that her sense yeah I
think um maybe you could even come pain
maybe you could even compare them to
yourself a little bit where I think you
it seems like you have an interest in a
lot of like these kinds of ideas but
when people like watch your stream and
they see you like slamming [ __ ] around
and screaming nobody wouldn't
necessarily get that impression right
yeah yeah yeah I think that Kanye West
yeah I think that he has like a lot of
these larger ideas he just doesn't have
maybe the vocabulary to express them and
then he gets like really caught up
sometimes in emotional arguments and he
just has a lot of trouble getting these
things out and yeah like I thought
sometimes that he has like this whole
maybe had this person with this whole
like thing whole like structured
like his is sound that he wants to be or
whatever whatever things when everything
is getting like out of control he's sort
of like loses that like the cover like
it's blowing it and it goes past that
maybe I'm just coming wrong but I just
feel like a lot of it is like nonverbal
I'm sure you know he's like a lot like
he smiling he stops yeah my biggest
thing is like whenever he talks to
people a lot of the times it seems like
he's staring off he doesn't actually
like make eye contact with anybody when
he talks to them which is kind of weird
but yeah yeah I was always just saying I
would always want to know somebody when
she think about all that's all I said
that could make like a conclusion on the
word that works tempo is that like him
tryna make a persona is that just him
just just being something just kinda
weird is that I ain't trying to like
portraits in there something like that
is trying to what hey I'm trying like to
portray something or try to do something
or acts in a way I just can't put my
finger on it and just I just think it's
like interesting a thank you fix my
curiosity sometimes I like to do that in
real life like you know like catch an
uber but like and I'll go to a place you
know I'll act like like I'm a different
person
I'll even like throw like an action I'll
be like oh yeah I'm gonna count for like
this company or some [ __ ] no it's like a
like a bunch of [ __ ] thanks a lot of
fun right I feel like he sorted he
doesn't do that but oh I know what
you're talking about he does I don't
think he does that but um man have you
ever played a game called Nier automata
no it's like that Japanese one where you
can see the girls panties all the time
it's like a runner and hack and slash or
whatever
Japanese RPG I don't know there's um
yeah there's a moment in that game where
there's a there's like a dumb little
robot that you um there's a dumb little
robot and you're led to like kind of
make fun of him over and over again
because um there's like you keep talking
to his friends and he'll do this thing
where they all make fun of him cuz they
offer him five like pennies for like $1
and he always takes the five pennies
over $1 and you kind of just see that
it's just a bunch of bullying at dude
but then you have a conversation with
the robot and he gives you a line and he
says something like I know that I'm
getting ripped off on every trade but I
find it very interesting how differently
people treat me when they think that I'm
too stupid to realize how they're
treating me or something like that and
it was like yeah yeah yeah it's kinda
like what you're talking about here yeah
but I but I don't think that I don't
think Kanye was does that I think
legitimately I was like he's pretty
mentally disturbed like it's pretty
obvious when you watch his behavior okay
because sometimes I feel like some of
the drama that he gets into is so is so
big and catches on fire in cash so much
attention I'm like there's knowing this
like isn't Italy somewhat a little bit
plan or not a mess and I mean the only
thing is scripted if things for like I'm
crazy
I'm Walker's and like of them and out of
[ __ ] I'm just like I'm out like
sometimes like these things are like so
so good and like well even though I'm
like it's drama and like you know some
of the three shady tweets just [ __ ]
[ __ ] it
so they tweets I'm not sure you agree
right like someone's shady tweets is so
stupid well like which part are you
talking about because like for instance
like the time that he was like begging
Mark Zuckerberg for money and [ __ ] I
would say that's like evidence of him
being like having like manic episodes
and [ __ ] well yeah also when he goes on
like feels like 63 to the row right yeah
I think it's I think it's have you ever
known somebody that's like manic or
depressive like it like actual somebody
like bipolar
what is manic so have you ever heard
somebody say like they're bipolar oh
yeah yeah so bipolar you know when
people generally use it or they mean is
it kind of like you know they swing from
being like really happy sometimes -
really sad sometimes
so people that actually have like manic
depressive you know bipolar syndrome
people that have these huge episodes
just like I mean those that don't say
they have it or thin to have it those
are those you diagnose like - like a
psychology well not right
yeah those yeah I'm talking like that
really really really have it like here's
an example of what somebody that is
really like manic depressive bipolar
might actually do this might be somebody
that will that will feel depressed and
will ignore their kids you know for
months on end and then out of nowhere
maybe they'll show up in their lives
again and they'll come with like $30,000
of presents because they've like stolen
money or maxed out 20 credit cards to do
it like stuff that they definitely can't
afford but they start doing things
totally outside of what they like the
massive delusions of grandeur Kohl's
yeah and then after this happens you
know a month later they might totally
[ __ ] disappear again and you never
hear from him for another 12 months and
then when they come back they're ready
to like these types of cycles this if
you look at like Kanye West and I don't
want to I can't like I'm not like
[ __ ] doctor so I can't say for sure
but if you watch him it kind of seems
like he goes through these similar
cycles where he gets very [ __ ] manic
and then very [ __ ] depressive like
over and over again it seems like that's
kind of what happens - um like sometimes
these things do happen
but it's it's like it's structured or
it's like it's like has a plan almost
because it's it's crazy but it's not
that crate like it's a crazy like my uh
trying to thought he goes through yeah
right I know that you want to say that
like it looks like it's a plan for
publicity and stuff but I think that
it's just that when celebrities act in
crazy ways we all want to see it so it
just ends up getting publicity kind of
like with Donald Trump like a lot of
people like to say that Donald Trump
stuff is planned it's not planned but
when Donald Trump acts crazy it's really
entertaining so even if it's not planned
it still ends up working out for it you
know kind of like um it's like one stone
it's like with streamers with ice
Poseidon and all those drama people
always like scripted streams character
screams like dude I know Paul there's no
[ __ ] way he's scripting out this [ __ ]
like let's stream half the time there's
no way that people are writing these
elaborate scripts it just so happens
that like people can be really [ __ ]
dramatic and people love to watch that
[ __ ] happen even if it's you know not
planned or anything and if it's a
narrative of like oh yeah yeah he hired
this guy just go yeah you know and then
this and everybody's [ __ ] talks about
it and it's only good yeah okay actual
essence um I have like a like it's like
sometimes some days I want to believe
that Matt Kenny is smart
some days I want to he's not sometimes
sometimes I feel like years when I feel
like he's not so I guess it's just like
these hoops and how he feels on all
these days and yeah I mean I don't think
usually yes I would say like he's not a
total idiot
but um yeah he has a lot of trouble
expressing himself sometimes yeah okay
and it felt like that like the bipolar
thing I feel like um a lot of people
over all say oh guys he has bipolar
because now she was happy like 10
seconds ago and now he's not lazy and I
was really anchor whatever right but the
these aren't like diagnose like bipolar
thing like it can stem these behaviors
can stem from other things that are
completely unrelated yeah they could to
be fair for [ __ ] to be fair to Kanye
West's I think he actually is diagnosed
as like a Bible person yeah but yeah
that's not everybody that has like
swings in emotion
sard you know you know our manic bipolar
or manic depressive more like yeah you
know like sometimes like you know did
you'll be losing a game of League right
and it'll be garbage and checking me
trashing it is not a bad day just like
it's like a bad segment and then you'll
get like a like a Penta get bear and you
push it and a [ __ ] triple popeck
tabbing yeah let's go dude yo today's a
[ __ ] good day you know that's not me
my playa I don't think knows it well I
mean like you can use the descriptor
bipolar but that doesn't mean you're
bipolar right hmm yeah and typically
when we talk about bipolar - these are
things that aren't always set off by
events they're just things that you know
they're just mind stuffs that people can
constantly be in and then go back and
forth because of brain should you know
okay damn yeah I was watching a con Yin
that in a video you were watching it
actually like it's finally he was like
gain jebaited but I just felt like at
first he like some sort of composure
whatnot and then I just switched some
gg's uh-huh yeah it kind of sucks
because sometimes I feel like this point
it's not uh it's not it's not that I
think there was that I I wish that they
knew something that I didn't and I would
value their opinion more because oh they
know something well I always like truck
definitely not to in take all their info
like blindly and be careful with it so
yeah I guess sometimes people can
accurately walk but when you listen to
them talk and you just realize that it's
kind of a bunch of empty platitudes
where they I don't want to say virtue
signal but they're just kind of like
saying a lot of [ __ ] but they're not
really saying anything you know very
interesting or okay good oh I'm gonna
answer my questions
[Music]
