Wow guys welcome to week 16 of gnomes
tomes and catacombs this might be the
final episode what an exciting week we
have lined up for you today how are you
guys doing right now in the end the call
I'm excited to pvp baby how are you
doing I'm really great I'm T I might get
my Wednesdays back or I might keep doing
this and either either is fine
we'll see Lily that's all you've got
okay and finally we were joined by a
wonderful new man Nick who has to put up
with us today god help us soul yes why
am i mr. Mouton did it really [ __ ] up
you really you'll be ok you turn it off
and on just quite with how you done I've
been under the weather but this Thai
food is so spicy it is bounded erm
through anything in my system so I'm
pretty excited for that that's not gonna
breathe able to burn through the salt
that I'm gonna have in a few minutes if
I mister midrange
I'm gonna act like mr. moon so we're
last we left our party Midori was dead
yes allegedly her pseudo lover was so
emotionally distraught and incapable of
controlling himself that in the heat of
the moment he just threw the crowd of
domination okay well first off I take it
you not pseudo lover like potential
budding love potential interest like
what yeah way way way out there this is
like they saw each other on tinder and
they didn't even swipe right yet but it
like they thought they looked okay okay
you're right okay keep going you swipe
left
what is commitment to you please stop
cutting off quite booth a dungeon master
leader you being really rude right now
okay keep going quite boo that's where
we left off and I think everyone is
sitting there with bated breath not sure
what's going to happen as the crown sort
of flings across the way and collides
with the stone I think have the bird
will get right next to me next week for
they do both of you seem to have moved
from your positions when I first opened
this map I if I recall correctly I write
together here I agree yeah so the crown
hits the stone and sort of do the flash
of light and a loud banging noise the
ground pains over light subsides
and at the epicenter where the stone was
hovering the ground would be it's a
cavity out in a way reading a never
expanding pit I leave as fast as me
Jarrell
[Laughter]
I cast what a move it's 60 feet
I don't know however whatever my little
gnome legs can go how just expanding I
guess do you stick around to find out
I mean as a dashing weight over your
shoulder though while you run right
gonna descent you're gonna slow your
escape to measure the speed of the
ground yeah I am I'm gonna take a quick
just a quick peek Neil just I'm running
it one lacks eyes are open in a dead
sort of gaze and he's walking slowly
walking very slowly towards the center
of the I guess whatever is happening
with the crown and the stone all right
the little gnome bolts Barbeau bolts
lock entranced moves towards the stone
Joris and darf run the [ __ ] away hmm
lock the ground starts caving in around
you at to the point where you're about
to step into this growing crater do you
walk into it how deep is a crater
at this point is maybe 8 feet deep 20
feet wide yeah I stand I just hold my
ground and wait for the ground to catch
up to me
oh he's gone team just like League of
Legends the ground falls beneath you and
you plunge into the earth as the earth
like slips away you're dead ok that's
good
thank God the rest of you the this pit
begins to expand bigger and bigger
eating up parts of the terrain around
you buildings streets
the crowds vanish and run hurry maybe 5
or 10 minutes later it stops there is a
pit 300 feet across maybe a 80 feet deep
and out in the very middle of it is the
crown spinning in circles around the
stone or maybe the stones not there it's
too hard to tell because of the distance
and the speed the Crown's moving at but
it is spinning in a circle kind like if
you were playing with a hula-hoop over
your hand Jared can you levitate out and
grab that and chamberlock is I think I
think Locke fell in the pit I think this
is it sounds like he's dead [ __ ]
yep I think we should split I don't know
if we should get the crown we're just
gonna leave the crown I mean can you
levitate me to go grab it you sure yeah
if you touch that artifact of great
power
your life may sour well so what I gotta
do and I gotta find my friend Locke
I will cast a level 1 levitate on mr.
moon can i levitate over there and
mm-hmm you can levitate up or down but
not side-to-side uh-huh correct
yes that's sure I can't I can't cuz I'm
not a wizard
wait that's throw up a disc now he can't
won't work on her weight well yes it
will
how big is the crater Clare Boothe 300
feet across it won't work
what's the range of tenses floating disk
it's like okay well it's it's infinite
but it's 30 feet from me
so it's 150 feet radius uh do you have
any ideas no my really like to grab this
article or ID effect that we worked real
hard for and to find long let your s you
can find him it'll take a little while
everyone's pretty scattered oh I thought
he just ran with us he's not their own
safety let's say 15 minutes pass you
meet up with Joris and darf and a
curious halfling bard who can't keep but
from getting closer to see what all the
actions about do you know this bard
Joris there are more important things at
hand than a [ __ ] bard do you see what
happen to my city wood ideas yeah what
do you think this is quite a stink I
think we should study it before we do
anything Jesus Christ look what just
happened yes I lack the power to get
this object perhaps you have an idea
give me time give me time and it seemed
to react okay to levitation enacted
oddly and dangerously to a powerful
magical item maybe maybe you should just
throw a rock at it and see if you can
move it
do you've made him really yeah yeah you
made hand it I think that also has some
like insane range I don't think so
let me see I think
yeah it's 30 feet away
[Music]
Joris have you that you're you are
likely a wizard of you're a wizard like
me I'll put the rhyming just tell me
what you need okay
I can't fly people yes well then we have
a lot of options okay right we could fly
it we could fly this guy over there I'd
point to Barbeau and he would probably
experiment with it it seems like he's
willing to try it out we could have we
could make him on over meatshield like
and make you fly all right yeah I'll
walk over all right he puts a hand on
your shoulder you can cast fly on
someone else inside of you right I think
so yeah I think so let me just double
check the rules this is your world
Corbeau touch yep
yeah he touch taps you on the shoulder
says a few words sprinkles some feathers
over your head which kind of form into
you and meld with you and then gives you
like a rough shove and you go off-kilter
a little bit but you can feel yourself
start to lift off the ground you have a
flying speed of 60 so that's about 7
miles an hour um before I go can I I'm
gonna empty my backpack out on like two
trails feet just so I have like an empty
bag sure all this gold and treasure and
loot just sighs I don't into a giant pot
no you have no gold but I've got some
good yeah you've got um okay I'll fly
out there and before I do anything I
just want to look at it great give me a
perception check 18 passives uh yeah
yeah but I won't want an active check as
well
killer alright 18 passive kicks in your
fight you can see that it is the crown
and it is spinning around a central
point um no stone but you do notice that
the crown has shifted its patterning of
gems have made space for a new sort of
bland rock stuck into its face and I do
see like a rock in its face yeah but as
you get close you know maybe 60 feet
away from it or so you can feel that
it's giving awful it's probably gotta be
hot like long fire hot right now okay I
mean I'm gonna go back and report it
yeah it's really hot right now I don't
think anybody can touch it well let's
let it cool off the bigger problem is
this is bound to attract attention what
kind of attention what do you think who
do you think would pick up on some sort
of magical interaction like this perhaps
was it quick more powerful than us yeah
is there such a wizard there's always
such a wizard we have one on his way
soon mm well I suppose he'll know what
to do
do you mind telling me where the hell
you got this rock from fortune it was it
was underneath the throne of the count
vicious well let's hope he doesn't
notice it otherwise his armies will be
here soon in a couple of days I would
expect arrived I don't know I think I
need to see to my people and get them to
leave town of course and he turns and
walks off with darf in hand not in hand
but you know side by side and they take
a stroll oh wait I asked him um when is
his wizard just thinking of his he said
a couple days oh I thought you're saying
it so I looked at bar voice as well I
think Locke's dead did you see how deep
was that chasm
is he down there about 300 feet it's
really really deep I didn't see a body
I'd only about a hundred feet deep it's
wider than it is deep 100 feet deep yeah
walk dead midori dead it's only you and
me who the heck are you I look at the
bars oh please don't mind me I'm just
here to observe observe what it's a [ __ ]
show this is also very exciting we don't
have another slot in our party
previously writing down notes what what
is so what's so interesting about this
to you I originally came here because I
heard rumors that a group of people down
the Giant wasn't it was something like
rattles Barlow's I can't I don't
remember it's not really Barlow sounds
good but you said yes we you were
looking for people who have found a
giant who found a giant who killed a
giant is it a giant single handedly I
did that I heard it was a party oh you
heard wrong well it's it's a little bit
of both we've had giants as clients and
also as enemies we've had we've killed
them alone we've also killed them with
each other and through that we've grown
and shown that we could find the stone
and that has caused all of our problems
that we now own and now I think we're
boned oh I need a rest in the tavern
Gerald what do you think we should do
you think we should just wait for this
wizard to come and maybe like he'll know
what to do I guess that's the next step
yeah like we need a hero to hardcore
help us out yeah okay are you guys going
to rest now yeah I think we're gonna go
to a tavern you might as well tag along
if you're interested well I won't get in
anyone's way let me just take notes and
I'll say from far away
well this town's Tavern got blown up by
our stupid campaign
I see I think the thing is there is no
tavern here anymore so maybe we should
just let the druggist set up camp like a
fair distance from the from this and I
can make us a little yeah and I can make
us like a little Hut and we can sit
there until this suppose it powerful
wizard arrives can I sit in the hunt
with you guys I don't see why not
Oh much I won't get in your way okay but
you know we tend to we tend to get into
situations that are very problematic can
you do anything can you fight luckily
why I'm here to observe and write down
your stories well if someone what if
some what can you observe walking
helping us kill these other things two
problems what God do you worship leaving
any God boy you'll be just fine here
gods are real you should definitely
believe in a ephra ephra the goddess of
inspiration she helped me take down a
giant single-handedly also she's the one
who helped you slay and you were the
Barlow's well I'm where the bar boughs
times I will sing the story out loud
when I go back all right you guys I'm
just gonna go sit in your Hut for a
night I would like to go see stage Buras
if we can he's gathered the remaining
people in town which is almost all of
them in the town square
and he's in the middle of giving them a
speech okay when you come in he says
well that about sums it up you're all
welcome to stay of course if that that's
how you would rather play it but I will
be escorting anyone who wants to go to
Strom Haim starting in about an hour so
gather your whatever a little bits of
pretty you can't just bear not to part
with and
let's go what is left of the town most
of the town is intact it's really just
this one 300 foot wide pit that's
developed like he's a little afraid that
count vicious his army is about to head
this way and overrun everything would
they have heard it cuz I thought they
were way to the left our way to the west
there are miles and miles and miles away
but the working assumption is fortune
probably told L castor could probably
note that something like this went down
and if you stole it from him he's
probably powerful enough to connect the
dots that yeah are you re rolling Steve
well I'm just hanging out there open new
one moving back wander he's seething
wait [ __ ] wait are we cutting a break no
wait what the [ __ ] are you talking to me
then I was just asking if you're gonna
reroll oh yeah we yeah it sounds good
like a break whatever I'm not gonna take
away for you guys alright alright so
Joris is gonna take off an hour leaving
darf behind to guard the people while
Joris escorts anyone who wants to leave
too strong hime you missed the rest of
his speech so there are some people
heading you to other places as well and
I guess if bar bow and Gerald are here
darf is gonna come up to you and say hmm
you might have caused this problem but
you might also be a solution to it so
we'll deal with your crime of property
damage in the future in the meantime
we're gonna some of our people need to
get to a high castle they didn't want to
go too strong time was he interested in
escorting some people through the kobold
infested thistlewood and you know don't
you think we should stay here and
protect the stone incase same vicious is
army should come or seem to be the same
yes if that seems appropriate - damn it
yes I don't have my keys that we could
send to escort these people do you you
have Lackey I'll point to our people who
captivated yes please a assist our fan
anything he asks for the next three days
they chat and Faden and his troops will
gather whatever people want to head to
high castle and take them to have a
castle while Joris takes the other
people too strong hime and anyone that
will stay in comprar Hill is just gonna
risk their lives and chill here I think
at this point we can skip ahead until
something happens including the rock
cooling down to a point where you could
interact with it meaningfully is there
anything else you would like to do
before we just kind of jump ahead in
time like to grieve over my fallen
comrade who would never betray me or
hurt me Locke I will shed a faint a
worry then
the Dory died serving a weird guy okay
don't do anything Ben Wow Wow indeed um
I think I think everything's okay I
think Gerald's just gonna try to find a
quiet place set up a tiny Hut and just
sort of deal with everything that's
happened yeah
well quiet place can be found pretty
much anywhere because there's no one
left
really yeah three quarters of the town
have taken off the remainder are those
like nan town spoke like the farmers out
on the outskirts who are too proud to
leave their farms while all the the
cowardly townies are booking it yeah so
we can just skip ahead a few days we
find the appropriate audio track for
this but while you're skipping ahead
while we're skidding had you got this
new person with you this bard whose name
you'll learn is pearl and she has all
sorts of
questions for you about all sorts of
things pearl what what are your big two
or three things you want to talk to
these guys about its town when I came on
to it it was completely destroyed and
the Giants and the following comments
that they mentioned all these stories
well I suppose having a chronicler would
be interesting so what I have so far is
that the Barlow slain a great giant and
then they destroyed the whole town is
that right haha yes
so to start there there was a young
priest named Midori and the priest was a
priest of a very scary goddess of death
and in service to that goddess of death
she somehow we think activated a very
powerful magical item which caused this
explosion magical I don't what kind of
magical item was it what is a call it is
a it's called a philosopher's stone or a
stone I heard rumors about it that is so
cool
do you guys have to let me tag along
this is just so exciting it's broken off
of a really big staff that holds up the
world yep what happened to your little
death friend um well she's right over
there and we point a point to the center
of the crater we don't know what
happened
yeah that's she's down there somewhere
we don't know what happened to her why
she why she exploded oh so she's
probably but huh yeah she's definitely
dead and we think that the leader of the
party went with her really the leader
like well the guy yeah the guy you
talked a lot that guy who was talking
more than other people so do we
typically went we ended up going with
his decisions ended up well I guess well
I think he was so struck a little off
little walk up the Barlowe's that's a
good little longie Barba's make sure you
are
that's good okay so I think he was
struck with grief and walked in to try
to find Midori but didn't survive
Wow so your friends just died
yeah I'm pretty no am i walking in on
like a funeral corn
well we haven't even really had time to
think about the funeral yet because we
don't even know if we're gonna survive
this and we're waiting for a powerful
wizard to show up who might come any day
now but we're not sure if he he or an
unsolvable army of cultists will come
here first
hopefully the wizard maybe but the
wizard might be really bad too so we
have no idea what we're doing do you
mind if I write how it's spelt down on
the paper real quick just so it's
chronicled correctly cuz I know you want
to worry I got it I got it little lock
of the bar Arliss would ya
cutting out what you cut out what's your
name my name's Brad Brad of the Barlow's
that's right cool
well I'm really sorry for your losses
sounds like you guys leave very exciting
lives we do yeah it's okay sometimes he
gets a little bit too excited I haven't
heard a good story like this in years so
I hope you guys don't mind if I you know
just sit in the background and you know
just stuff oh you know out there we're
out there why are you acting so
suspicious why not tell me where in the
world you guys are still technically
strangers I shouldn't tell you where I
live or anything how did you hear about
us yeah from what rumors I heard of a
rumor that there were a group of people
who destroyed a giant and I've never
heard a story like that before so I came
here and looking for the episode turned
out to be you guys the bar load the
Barlow's is so exciting can you give me
a minute while I write all these missed
out I mean I over to jail yeah I'm
looking
I'd say I don't really trust her to be
in our tiny house I'm a three feet
halfling I just want you guys to know
that we've uh we've dealt with half wins
before this is not our first rodeo
I brought with halflings and I've dealt
with dwarves and I can tell you that I
don't like either of them what so what's
wrong with her dirty shovelers okay
shovelers yeah
the dwarves he think the doors are the
shovel horse hangs there a whole other
issue
they killed I mean seem to have a
strange compulsion to kill people in
this party halflings are very very
friendly people and I can I can prove
that if you guys will just let me stay
for just a little bit I'm not asking for
much we wanted to learn about you before
we'd let you a nerd party oh you know
just out there somewhere I don't trust
her at all you're not making this easy
even for me and I'm a pretty I'm a
pretty easygoing gnome but how can I be
how can I be an easygoing gnome when I
don't know where your home is
I'm from a little village in the middle
of nowhere around the highlands it
doesn't even have a name I'm from a
little nowhere place too
it's a place far far under the ground
and I came here to see the whole world
where are you from
wait which wise have a name
I'll punty you Joan Shh my character
knows it but I don't hesitate okay yeah
yeah it's like it's like it's whatever
he tells you whatever the name of it is
like yeah I know it's in my character by
so his nowhere place has a name what
about yours pearl it's a little tiny
village by emerald rod it doesn't have a
name I just lived with my mom dad and
brother and I left home like ten years
ago and I don't like to talk about it
okay oh yeah do I need a reason to leave
you're wanting to join our party we just
had two party members died and one of
them killed themselves I'm very
suspicious right now I'm curious why you
left I loved because I want to see all
the stories of the world okay it sounds
like Jail
like that yeah
- well I like short people because
that's me - so you know maybe we can be
friends but even I agree with barb oh I
think that um you know we need some time
to see what kind of person you are and
you know barb oh and I are dealing with
some really tough stuff right now and
we're not exactly sure what's gonna
happen next so if the situation gets bad
hopefully you can help us as cofounders
of the bar bows then I think that if we
make any money that you should be taxed
at 80% you'll get 20% and then later on
when you're a full when you're a full
member
okay then we'll give you a full cut the
barlas at 80% tax could sign me up that
sounds so deserve as a recruit but
you're a provisionary carry your stuff
for you if you want I don't want you
really touching me but you're an intern
at the bar beause no problem now
Barlow's intern got it mm-hmm
okay we have an intern only already done
do it two days pass darf is worried
because Joris hasn't come back from
Strom hime yet and he should have been
here by now
your warriors have led a bunch of people
off to high castle and you guys are in
the middle of town it's just you guys in
darf and maybe a few other curmudgeons
who are really stubborn plus Little
Jimmy who built Fabi little baggage I'm
sorry little Bobby who is desperately
loyal to you to the end it is what
happened to theta in the mercenaries
they went to Hainan they went to high
castle it's a couple day journey so
they'll be nice a little while darf is
pacing back in the streets I'm gonna go
to dearth um hello
yeah is he back um no he's not back when
he Lynch it when when should he have
arrived last night or this morning
why would he have not arrived I don't
know maybe he what he's probably he's
probably just making everyone
comfortable in town what are you
tweeting it on yeah I can I can send him
a tweet Oh was er tweet was
tweet yes um what's a thing someone did
that to me once it felt weird and wore
pretty weird but yes very warm very warm
like kind of like weird feeling you have
when you're peeing in water and like you
put your hands in and it's like really
weird that kind of weird
yeah if you put your hands in your pee
sometimes that's it's no married small
person thing dwarves do it all the time
- yeah the Tanners in our town do it
they collect everyone's urine for a
copper a month and well use it to help
make their stuff I'm glad I'm not a piss
pot worker though better living I was
like eh sounds like a piss-poor job
Oh my entire town wasn't destroyed it
buy you a drink
so would you like me to send him a
wizard tweet yes please okay um I send
him a tweet hello
Joris how are you doing Darth and I are
worried about you
everything's still okay back here please
respond do you get 20 words 25
hold on this is sending right yeah let
me look up this particular zuv the spell
are you trying to figure out what
happens if you sent something someone
was dead
you do not get reply I don't get ya that
let me read the spell hang on so um oh
you're right I don't get it so keeping
in mind that it can also send across
other planes of existence I still won't
get a plot boy mm-hmm yep okay I look
back to Darth mm news most grave I fear
I cannot I cannot reach him my I cannot
be certain that my message has gone
through or not but a wizard of any power
would have received it unless they were
otherwise unable to well sometimes
messengers get killed
does your hospitals like that is it a
messenger could have been killed if he's
alive he received it could it be blocked
no only by great magic could he be in a
situation where he couldn't reply yes
quite on the [ __ ] or something and
just didn't wanna that would be a great
strong he's not trying to that'd be a
great time to reply unless he went to
that one tavern in storm hime and hit
that the one that serves you know the
the meet that one he can't reply right
wait what no there's a really bad
restaurant there well he's there so
maybe mmm-hmm yeah so maybe he was
having a tough time on the pot I takes a
lot of five minutes you know come on
how about we tried in a ditch I dunno if
he doesn't come back we'll go looking
for him yeah that one
Thanks all right and he goes back to
pacing pester might know Thanks gotten
subtle barb oh sorry that that night or
the next day but fairly soon you see a
new figure walking through town what's
he look like he has blue robes and he
does not have a staff hold on I'm trying
to find an image so I can share it with
people
it's what does he look like
it's son you in a [ __ ] no oh sweet
where is it that's yeah that's the image
I'm looking for perfect what crime will
post this image in twitch chat for
everyone if they want to catch up to it
there BAM that's what he looks like
so golden hair light skin long robes
boots and when his robes like flop aside
due to the wind he's got a big fluffy
cravat hello good sir what business have
you here I'm looking around the town boy
seat off just don't fear yes he's over
here we can take you there who are you
I'm a friend of Jeff's
oh yeah I'm Gerald not no wizard there I
say looking behind you so though Joris
was [ __ ] around with some weird magic
it's a terrible calamity a powerful
artifact collided with some kind of
reality and it destroyed everything that
the artifacts it's over there and I
point to the Creator I'm no one of a one
who walked with us previously did we
know not how and your no did you work in
the tavern or
I'm away no he's our he's my wizard I'm
oh is it I know yes weird that these
things can do that it's nice to meet you
what you saying it was Gerald gerald not
happy sure mister not and on you I say
turning to I'm uh I'm Brad Barbeau
leader of the this group yes now this
group of what me and him used to be four
of us but I'm the engine we have it in
turn now - that's that's pearl what's
your name well I am I know your name
what's his name what's your good pal
Gavin Kearney do or say or have used
well even got a full stuff no no no not
in my party sir no no no uh-uh not in my
own high taste yeah tremblers I'll shake
it in but actually I don't shake it hunt
and save a buck I'm sorry I don't take
in because you didn't shake my hand
shyffilis no I don't know what you mean
some sort of derogatory term this isn't
really the time for for small talk where
is where is your us well I can tell you
if we find out your name Oh me
my name is Malachi you're Malachi
oh wait regulation freeze the guy owes
us money for books
well I delivered you a bunch of books no
no not no yeah you just got like a used
to get its shipment of 500 bucks
I didn't tell some folks Jeeves that was
from us did say something about no no
they think about it mmm well we can
handle the payment later we're worried
about where Joris is so Joris so Joris
went off to try to escort some people to
storm him but dar says he should have
been back by now
I sent I sent him a wizard tweet and he
didn't get back to me which tells me
that I'm not sure that he's actually
around anymore
he's a he's a great and legendary hero
I'm sure he's fought night
these are extraordinary circumstances
okay we think that vicious might be
coming here
vicious why Oh No here's artifact and
that's over there that belongs to come
vicious yeah just now
maybe that for large isn't vicious on
the March right now with his army yes
we've heard moving west but we think he
might his wizards could have quite Joris
said that his wizards could have quite
possibly felt a disturbance of this
magnitude and may be heading this way
that's great news indeed is he a person
of some power well the last time I saw
any man a vicious vicious is he
destroyed a whole town his army and
numbered in the thousands he is he's
leading some kind of crazy cult we went
into fortune and there was a tomb where
they were trying to create an army of
the Dead
what yes into some necrotic work we
killed the sheriff there and the hike
work as well they tried to kill us but
let us leave but we barely escaped with
our lives
so you went that with chores as well no
join us stayed here but he directed us
there hmm so wasn't Joris you stole the
stone then no I was asked the crown I'm
in sorry the crowd as I as the stone was
stolen from yeah remember how we got
that crown I'd understand what you mean
I I looked at I look over that is it
it's not like a crater in between here
in the crown yep 300 feet crater yeah
yep
so you're just leaving it though
well we heard you might have a better
idea I am DAF DAF
mr. feyo vital Krantz yeah darphus here
Oh
Malachi long time no actually it's only
been a few days what brings you well I
know
hey I take DAF off to the side and said
whispers oh I'm not super inconspicuous
but I say daft off these these people
can they be trusted
no absolutely not
[Laughter]
hmm they seem okay to me
well you hey welcome
DAF I need to own it spin do something
I'll be but I'll be back shortly and I'm
gonna help you out here and if Joris
isn't trouble don't worry I'm sure he's
fine but if he's in trouble we'll help
him I need to wait what do you mean you
sure he's fine can't you can't you don't
you nope alright if mom were here we
could spy on him but alas he's not why
not why did you bring him I'm not even
really here myself
this is an illusion don't tell anyone he
glares at you really but I'll be a look
and I uh I put my hand on her shoulder
and disappear I'll teleport baccala what
that's frickin bog dude this guy's lost
his Lib scouring the whole party okay
oh yeah wait what did you just do you
just disappeared
that's not a that's not a power I've
ever even heard of you must be a wizard
of incredible power why do you think
jours called me to do that it doesn't do
one any good to divulge all the tricks
perhaps one day uh I'll teach you about
it now
I jump up and down clapping my hands the
so tell me what happened there's the
stole a stone and there was a crown
basically with a crown like there's no
use lying so I'll just tell you
everything they said a crown we were
told it was a crown of domination and
the only way that we could get it to
work I guess to our satisfaction was um
with a philosopher's stone we somehow
found out or heard that uh cowfish just
had a philosopher's stone in fortune so
we went there we stole it we came back
our gnome was studying about it in storm
Heim when our cleric did something
kamikazes herself inside the tavern and
we really don't know what she did it
would happen but she's dead the stones
now here and then are also we were
trying to keep it out of the hands of a
really bad dude named major tavington
you know who that is I think I've heard
of him and ruckuses yeah he leads like a
really big army and he was trying to get
it I think it's like Colonel or
something colonel yeah yeah he was
trying to get the stone in order to do
something terribly nefarious so we were
trying to yeah protect it we let out a
vampire yeah we Turnpike you said a
philosopher's stone correct yes
did you know how are you sure yeah we're
sure I'm sure I'm actually positive
because I studied about it in like days
in storm high and I was coming back to
warn everybody of what it was it was in
a glass case that was restricting its
magic powder power but then our cleric
must have done something with the case
or maybe tried to open it we have no
idea and then this happened
I'm not surprised topics I was looking
for a stone like that could turn the
wall it's possibly the most powerful
artifacts that anyone could find we also
uh let out a vampire in where did we do
that at oh it's like seven years old
Hill near dry really a really bad
vampire are like super ancient vampire
like more powerful than both of us even
bad barbarian vampire yeah well I'll
deal with one thing at a time
yeah yeah sorry you're kind of our
therapist right now is trying we've had
a really tough time
it seems pretty chill for me I mean I
mean things are looking good right now
but a few few weeks have been rough I'm
a little confused like Sowinski a stone
isochron so well point if you get close
to it you'll see the stone embedded in
the ground we plan again I think I like
my vampires exist yes yeah big ones
there's worse things the vampires out
there
the stone I go it has two uses its
amplified spells or to amplify much of
items but they are once forged for the
magical item they're much shorter could
ever be recorded in its original form
fine we wanted the helmet crown of
domination you said what does it do but
no more have you seen that stone could
have solved all of this we could have
banished the demons back to the Shadow
Realm could have destroyed the the
dragon in Sherbrooke you can take it up
with you can take it up with my ally his
name's Locke he's I mean that's a lot
that's a lot of stuff I don't know about
any of that stuff but like the the crown
it's an object we think that you can put
on a single person and then control
their actions such an item in books and
such I've read it read it
I I can grab this thing for you but I
only rest on it I don't have the ability
to fly today
really it's isn't it pretty easy yeah I
need to prepare my spells in advance
yeah so do i but you didn't come here
with it no why would I I need okay call
yeah we're so we can um I have this
little like height we can sit in and it
makes us completely safe want to do it
Lehman's tiny hood
I know a version of this brings a whole
bunch yeah my version that's better
very expensive mansion some mansion
sounds awesome wait you have a mansion
yeah yeah I can do a munchin but it's
expensive you need a crystal well four
thousand gold pieces yeah I think that
sounds like a previous old world that is
like not as cool I can do this one for
free it's a really shitty hut you want
to do it like if afraid great yeah let's
uh it's a shame that someone's been
destroyed now this place is great come
on over here I'll show you how they can
get up I should create a little tiny Hut
there's no strength oh there's no table
there's no chairs there's no little cube
isn't this great
yes yes I'll offer you my flask I'm
looking at like what what is it
nowhere to drink Oh liquor thank you
that's a it's right god Rome all right
guess not really you'd be in this kind
of situation with a gnome and a bar bow
and uh and I guess whatever she does
they in turn I have a private poor
history with gnomes but now he's not a
bad gnome tale when I first I felt
adventuring I the local tavern boy who
he was a gnome he lived with his family
though they breed all the Ale yeah he
had visions of being a great adventurer
and he died within weeks why is that a
bad experience for you it seems like a
bad experience for the gnome well gnomes
always letting you down I know about
that one I'll throw a sly look I just
give him the thumbs up listen I'm here
to change your opinion on gnomes okay
from now on gnomes are gonna be with you
wherever you roam we even got some tomes
you like tomes
I like time she called me so much no
yeah yeah I did
I got no problem
Griffen Stella the Griffins oh they were
oh yeah yeah lots of them there are they
dead now barb oh yeah I mean we [ __ ]
up some of them not yeah many yeah back
in the day that tower was like a riding
school for Griffon writers did you okay
there is a button in that tower do you
know what it does it's a really him that
had today I didn't say there's a secret
button in that tower that we think like
activates some like really powerful
thing but we never got to see what it
did Oh see I think like three of us
rolled 20 is unlike weird thing in the
wall and there was like nothing there
did you don't press it
we did we did what happens nothing well
we think we did it wrong isn't some very
so I think it's really exciting if you
figure out what it does
it's really exciting hmm let's show how
you guys know though
can I see your spell's why do you want
to see my spells thank you
hey why don't we go to our first break
right here yeah and when we come back
we'll continue and see where this
conversation goes
tell us more ready Steve all right
you
why stop don't say it again
oh my god did that go through did you
guys hear him say the n-word oh my god
yeah we're back we're on so protected
you're on stream go I'm still looking at
Malachi so can I just met you today no
he said no what's Lee Melones wouldn't
even know him oh let's get some sleep I
look really sad and [ __ ]
it's a little bit well I've been I'm
trying to side with us against the
guitar for these two with us it doesn't
matter
yeah it's a matter of fact I'll sleep
here oh I wasn't saying I'm saying yeah
that's fine it's good to sleep I sleep
lightly all right
the night passes uneventful II okay when
we wake up I say
no half link human I need your help with
something
look here's always see it I'll go and
grab the crown but um vicious is gonna
come here and he's gonna kill us
yeah now I can gallows to the other side
of the world back to Drucker's when it's
in the crown theater pinnaces you can go
to premises from from bomb Ferris but I
could get us over there I need a day or
two it's not something that you're
willing to do I mean this crown it's
where we need to go anyways right no we
have to bring it back to a yeah yes well
why no why yeah why I wanted us to do it
so we should probably go well we can
maybe go to him and ask him what's next
but yeah that'll work Malik I think
that's good okay so I need you to do
something for me on the plane okay I'm
going to prefer the spell I need you to
search around town everyone's left an
area look for silver if there's a
blacksmith a jeweler's supplier I need
just needs to mingle OOP
just selva specifically that you can
keep gold how much silver a wall as much
as you can [ __ ]
I'll begin looting Neil all right the
tags buzz yeah town is mostly abandoned
a lot of people left their valuables
behind what they couldn't carry and take
with them right away a few people have
tried to come through and pick over
things but with darf around sort of
waving a sword to not loot people's
belongings most of it has been left
intact and as you go to the silversmiths
in town and start to look through his
belongings darf steps out from behind a
small wall and levels of sorting goes
aha oh it's you hey man nice to get a
silver yeah it's too dangerous I think
he said oh well [ __ ] here I pull this
fine silver in town and gold and put it
away I idea we took possessions so we
know whose belongs to what it's we're
getting late for the town and the gold
give us all the silver and the gold yeah
what the intern said and the old silver
and gold is all your gold we just need a
little bit of gold yes everything you
have I thumbs up to this silver this
over is for a teleportation and the gold
is to pay the ransom oh my god they've
rent yes we know hazard yes we don't
took him who take oh no I don't know we
don't have come on huh help me get this
he grabs a wheelbarrow when he starts
loading all sorts of valuables at it and
helps with you guys wheelbarrows it back
to Malachi maokai we have received the
stuff great so about this okay who
hasn't
who Joris yes who's got him I I don't
know I'm gonna give him we don't know
exactly uh what we're gonna find out
well how much are they demanding and
ransom well we need this
I think maybe there's been a
misunderstanding baba
I think there has been a misunderstood
to get this thing away from here
otherwise vicious isn't this for the
ransom for 4 jours
I think jours probably just missed ROM
handoff no he didn't respond to the
magical messaging thingy did you I said
he was gonna come back - oh yeah he's
not gonna leave us here but did he say
he was gonna come back of course look
tough you can come to track us with me
thank you see Taurus behind no no no
we'll come back and we'll find a not
leaving him behind
well we'll be back buh-bye Hey well you
don't need this silver for random you
guys levelling his eyes at barb Oh super
suspiciously no I I it said the pirate's
life for me I can't have it's die hard
we do so shakes his head turns the
wheelbarrow around with all the silver
and gold in it and it trudges it back to
the Smiths wait wait we need a silver
handle and oft often ether I need to
split you can keep the gold you can't
just steal this people's stuff - let me
speak - let me speak to Bob oh oh no I
know this is how we used to do it back
in the day but this is my town now on
I'm sheriff and I'd be a terrible
sheriff if I just let you steal all of
my people's stuff can't be sheriff was
out of town
how much yeah oh let me let me have a
word without and I pull Bob off side and
I say look I'm gonna get us out of here
this is just you know what whispering
sit when it goes out of here
but if Joris is dead the man has
something i need and i gonna need you to
come back here and get it for me it's a
ring okay I'll come and grab it for you
and nuts and then I go back to Dolph and
say look I've had a wear of them like
I'm sorry about the eye I'll give you
the gold to pay for um to pay for this
silver so I look at the silver how much
is it worth
it's a lot it's probably
20 pounds of silver all told that's a
ten thousand silver coins ten thousand
stole this that's what 100 gold yeah no
ten thousand silver is a thousand
thousand thousand gold okay I give I
bought a bag of gems and let's go this
guy have got seven gems in her and I
give it to Dolph and say this these gems
are worth more than my are worth more
than the silver you can keep her and you
can spread out amongst the townsfolk
when they return his eyes glitter at the
gems the seven moon stones well about
what 50 feet GPS are hard to divide but
I'll make sure that people get it I'll
just tuck it in here for safekeeping he
says he puts it in his leather in his a
chainmail armor Dolph got the guard the
area
Gerald help me with this and I'm gonna
start engraving a teleportation circle
in the ground in like a building or
something if there's like a building
with a basement that we can do it in
I'll watch him do it and try to help him
so I give you like a it's like a if we
can find like a baseman with a sort of
semi hard stone floor and we like chisel
chisel the suck off and I'll tell you
like what rinsed right it probably takes
the rest of today all right it is a long
process to make this circle but the two
of you find a sheltered spot to do it
away from the elements the place that is
conducive to this sort of work it's
probably uh maybe a wee column a leather
workers workshop where there's like a
lot of space and racks that can be moved
to a next solid floor and good windows
doors and nice solid structure and you
set this up it takes you the better part
of the day and it does involve the
melting the silver down well so what
happened no what happens is that once
the savile circles carved I get all the
silver like place it just in its chunks
coins
you know bits of jewelry in that all
around the circle and then as I cast the
spell the silver melts
into the into the circle we can use this
tomorrow let's go get the kromm and so
who's crown is it Bob oh it's yours it's
mine yeah collab do I want to make a
note that I took very careful note to
figure out how that works and also liked
asked malachi a lot of questions about
that circle yeah why don't you give me
an intelligence check and malachi I want
you to counter that with a wisdom check
of your own Malachi was helping me yeah
I know but you're trying to learn his
secrets and he certainly doesn't want to
share his secrets oh yeah he did cuz he
helped me build it he told me how to do
the runes I think he's got level 5 so
come on Custer I can learn how to do it
yeah I am level 6
yep you being a holy [ __ ] mm-hmm so
actually Neil I got the idea from a ball
from 5th edition so it is a fifth
edition spell so it's like the
ionization cycle or something it's
modified for 2e so I think way really I
don't even know about that spell how can
that be I think it's high level like 7th
or something in 5a v levels fifth
edition spell page 282 of The Player's
Handbook but Neil you should change it
in 5e so it's like this one anyway so we
make a circle I say Bobby do you want to
drop the crown I can make you fly yeah I
can go grab it okay a cosplay Oh Randy
my backpack out so it's an empty stag Oh
fly out there it's still hot Neil no
it's been like five days now I'm gonna
try and take the backpack and like like
pull it out do you want to put the
backpack around the crown yeah
it wraps around the crown with no
problem and when I like move it it'll
come with me yep yep yeah fly back uh
sure yeah Malik I can cast a fly on you
and I think at this point maybe the two
wizards in the party sort of something
clicks in their brain
that the crown has been levitating in
this space but Joris is levitation spell
wore off days ago it's built in here
floating that's odd
I'm assuming I'm back right is he able
to touch it without like I didn't touch
it the back touches it the leather
touches it so did the backpack die no
I'm back with it here one of the Wizards
want to touch this yeah a guy guns like
do you touch - yeah no no I have not
touched it I just put the bag around it
I want to take a look at it with an
arcane check give yourself an attack
checks 11
no it's certainly it's changed the gems
that are setting it have repositioned
themselves to make room for the
Philosopher's Stone which you think
looks a little smaller than it used to
like its trunk a little bit I point that
out and say the stone is shrunk because
some of its power has been absorbed into
the crown I actually think that this may
be a blessing in disguise because short
of whatever vessel this just was using
to control it that's now been destroyed
this might be one of the other ways that
you can move it around without killing
yourself and I gingerly touches wait do
I have to tag magic climate check I cast
it to thank magic it's overwhelmingly
magical overwhelmingly much cold yeah
also give me a let's 10% for level your
level 9 yeah it is enchantment sphere
okay I've never died touching a much
time before that's fine it without
touching it or not know identified
definitely needs you to touch it find in
the bag light a microphone I crop it
you're dead Malachi I'm just kidding i
cropped the crown i look it up now that
seemed safe
she said it's a crown of domination so i
think so and
put it on yeah put it on yeah you're
here you're with the bar Bose now you
need to put you need Bobby hold on Bobby
yes what can I do we need you to wear
this crown real quick absolutely give it
to me wait what if he becomes like a god
okay Malakai you can put it on him yeah
good good luck
I put the crown on this kid sure it
rests on his head I know I'm looking
back and forth expectantly I wonder you
sit down nothing happens hmm how do you
feel
Bobby more or less the same you hear the
same a little embarrassed I'm sorry I'll
try and feel different Bobby Bobby try
to ask Malachi to sit down works he asks
why don't you command him to sit down
well yeah I play a finger I'm and will
him and say sit down he he sits down no
[Laughter]
what do you what do you know about this
thing did you hear anything about so
before you found it where did you sell
her book on it
we heard that oh I do have my book your
sparknotes version right yeah yeah notes
you find that there there's supposed to
be a key that goes with the crown and
your sparknotes copy doesn't really say
what the key is or how you get it or it
does it just says there is a key that
the holder of uses to dominate the
person the crown is on we're missing a
key Malachi I have a key right here I
reach into my pocket pull out okay no
I'm not that kind of key we're missing
some kind of like triggered for oh you
say though I grew up the crown
and then I'm gonna like twitch the key
to the philosopher's stone on the crown
mm-hmm and sort of try and connect them
sure bent is a small spark of light
between the two objects and then I put
the crown on Bobby's head again
little Bobby is now wearing it I tell
him suck I will him to act like a
chicken in my head I'm sorry to think he
squats down low and starts flapping his
arms oh my god wow that what you do be
the key it's just um I don't think it's
important to the item itself it's just
needs to be much clearer tuned I see so
you can put that right on every on
someone and then command them to do
anything I guess so but isn't that what
a chronic domination to us to begin with
the question is what's this dude not
Bobby comes over and starts hitting his
head against mr. moutains knee good job
Bobby no problem
so what do you want me to do you're
hanging up good you're doing good thank
you
supposedly the Philosopher's Stone is
supposed to expand it so that maybe you
could make like everyone named Bobby
become a chicken so maybe you could
control all Bobby's a nonhuman elite or
a dragon or something like that yeah I
also heard it would let you control
people or higher skill level and stuff
like that do you want to try it cool you
want to try it on our intern pearl since
she's obviously Gildan Bobby pearl first
task is in turn of the bar Bo's oh I'm
so excited okay
jebadiah Ali's place the crown a hat
does it shrink to a small hat uh no I
mean it was sitting awkwardly on Bobby's
head and it sets awkwardly on her head
okay
I tried command pal to sit down in my
head she sits down thought I tried
putting the key away and just having it
on my person I saw or actually no okay I
have to be holding it yes okay I take
the crown back offer I give you guys a
bit of a chocolate they this is quite
something you've got here you know now
head to novelty it looks like we can
just make people swag like chickens and
sit I think maybe it's got more use than
that but we need to leave because
vicious like this thing of quick yeah
Gerald can you feel the magic here this
thing is radiating intense magical power
I'm sure that vicious knows that
something's happened we need to vicious
had a glass case that made the power
undetectable I think even from any kind
of screen or Wizards eyes do you know
such a material that may have done it it
was it was pure glass sealed completely
no nothing inside there's no way to get
inside it without breaking the glass can
I have the crown sure I'll hold on man
I'll take it you can hold on to the key
if you want mm-hmm it's probably watered
in some way it may have just been
ordinary glass but uh that was more
important before the stone merged with
the crown it's dangerous in its raw form
it's probably safe and out it's
protected from scrying
iliza chest also can we finish this
conversation in a safety of draggers I
actually have some Dwarfs that I can get
to make us a lunch estimate we get back
that I'll need to rest before I can
activate the circle
you really trust doors with that way to
make a chest yes they have some of the
uses you guys know we need to spend on a
polite
peer-led stop some things from looking
inside yes like Superman
my entire study is cased in what can we
tell you that cool all right can we turn
you up on top of the summoning or the
teleportation circle now let's go mate
okay I know let's do in a different
building okay okay
evening as the Sun is going down in the
West a panic darf comes into your room
where the the hut is and starts like
banging on the wall of the hut saying
he's here he's here who's here
vicious oh [ __ ] how many of them I don't
know I just saw banners coming from the
north how far we gotta go we gotta go
now no no no no no I'll look to Malachi
is your spell ready have you guys he had
enough time to rest nope he needs a
night of rest well we're gonna have to
abandon the circle yeah we invisibility
and dip out no we can if we leave right
now we don't have to invisibility let's
go right now okay
if we take yeah they're horses uh there
are let me see then make some Dex rules
because I think people took all the
horses when they left those are like the
most valuable things and they're easily
transportable so there are no horses or
mules remaining wait we have our one
meal you have one meal you have dominic
malachi he's gonna be able to follow us
wherever we go because we have the crown
with us we'll have to go to Strom home
it's the safest place to go
okay listen we have to get their
password and he does do you have
anything that can increase uh well he
had a mustache that this crown would
allow us if we put it on and say little
Bobby to have him transform into like
something like Otherworld like a dragon
okay let's start walking we can argue we
could talk about this yeah yeah no no no
not walk run Ryan yes in turn we have to
go come on let's go but okay well yeah
are very dangerous over short distances
let's go you have to go real fast okay
okay okay now okay do you think that
would work with the flaws it is a
phosphorus really not how it works I
don't think so but just catch us as we
can I'll summon something to ward enough
we're all we're leaving right now we've
been really you guys are leaving which
way are you going
this one's for me which directs was
vicious coming from the banners that are
atop the horsemen that are charging at
copper Hill are coming from this
direction oh wow check yeah okay let's
go into the hills okay you might be able
to chances on his horses enough okay
sorry I haven't the hills you guys push
your way into the hills in the evening
as the Sun is going down and your
movement speed is restricted by the
gnome and the halfling in the party
little Bobby goes about as fast as then
no darf is getting you guys out he was
running around the town to get any
survivors and what did I figure out yeah
well even you guys behind all right so
Neil yes I know if an abundant temple
runs in these hills right hidden deep
within the hills you do good Malik has a
badass this circle
this guy feels like friggin like Thor
coming in and the Avengers did I worry
delicious to be able to truck as though
yeah I was gonna say do you remember the
way to there yeah we got courage there
so maybe not so you're just gonna flee
into the hills yeah I think so I think
if we can sleep a night in the hills
it's got some do you have any word
specific strategies to keep yourselves
hidden are you going like slowly and
covering your tracks or are you going as
quickly as possible to put distance
between you and then once we can the
hills I feel like we could try and slow
down and cover our tracks
yeah let's go home first well soon as we
possibly tree cover up the easiest way
in is to head up the river that runs
next to copper Hill cuz it kind of runs
up this ravine and it gets kind of
craggy it's definitely difficult going
and there's no way of horses could
follow you up that River goats doing all
that so you head up the river you can
it's about six miles until the river's
mouth can I get a actually you have
passive perception of 18 so we're fine
we're fine you guys can make it up the
river past the area where it sort of
like confluences from a series of
streams and a very large spring and
looking back towards the direction of
town which you can't quite see because
the the hills block the town from view
but you can see warm lights sort of
flickering from the direction of town
how far up probably where the town is
can we see like smoke raising it or no
it's dark it's nighttime so you wouldn't
be able to see the smoke yeah even in
dark vision yeah dark visions like
limited to 60 feet or something and
you're miles away okay how many days is
gonna take to water limestone
to two and a half do any a lime sooner
we want to go to snow ma'am I think that
we should go straight through the hills
limestone okay because he won't be able
to follow us that way without going
through strong I do without me is storm
hime strong enough to repel him well his
end goal is probably taking strum home
but I don't think he's a UH right but I
think he won't be able to follow us with
his horses why I'm standing through the
hill so I think we'll be safe if we got
that okay do you have a teleportation
circling limestone already oh no nope
we're gonna have to sleep in the house
one night or at least I will yeah we can
take a nap but I think we should walk
into the night like maybe keep walking
for a few hours after goes dark do you
want to tell you the order of like when
we wake up now well one thing to do is
to figure out what the moon cycle is
like to see how much light you have so
where are we Malakai you arrive you've
spent one night here yeah yeah okay so
it is Friday the 18th of January
15:11 how much silver did you use maokai
it's like 300 golds woof did you use all
20 pounds yeah more probably actually we
probably I needed sis supplements with
my own claim
it is a couple days before the full moon
so you guys have pretty good vision
around these hills they have some cover
but in the the moon is bright enough
that your non dark vision people can
still make their way without too much of
a problem and Barbeau you're a human
right very human yeah I will need to
make a quick check here on your behalf
then can I get the gnome and the
halfling to make me perception check
alright so little halfling Bard
you guys are cruising through the hills
when you you come across the smell that
you recognize from the stories you've
pulled and the stories you've heard and
at first you don't really notice what it
is until you come across this oddly this
odd-looking piece of stone and then it
clicks in your brain basilisks [ __ ] it
elf nearby somewhere and this piece of
rock that everyone else just walked past
with that smell in the air you take a
look at it and it's like someone's foot
that has been turned to stone we need to
call here right now what's happening
okay so arena oh this stone is a
basilisk okay so I'm probably panicking
really guys that stone we just passed
I'm pretty sure that was something the
bass looks basilisk turned in to stone
what's a basilisk smalis do we need to
leave yes that giant listens if you look
them in the eye you'll turn to stone I
wanna die
well which way do you leave for us
so which way is the right way out which
where is the basilisk all you know is
that you're in its territory
can we go packing like you see we went
we went down like this ready lqc Mir oh
yeah can I smell it now if we keep
walking this way
- the smell fade well maybe we have to
walk this way you know a few feet is not
enough to make a difference here you're
in a larger territory there there's not
be like easy navigating methods okay I
think maybe we should head buck for an
hour and rusta back towards copper hill
and the armies of count vicious but
we've been walking all day right it's
just an hour it was in the evening and
you're a few hours away from town okay
dark now right
okay maybe if I can sleep and you guys
could go ask me that I can get us out
here how long do you need
can we use one of those tiny hooks okay
you get a tiny rest no leaks here
yeah wait we can even if we get attacked
by the Vasquez I can put you in a hut
and if you can get us out of the hut we
can get out I don't know if that makes
any sense can we know they're opening up
right now please yeah I do
visible um does do it does doesn't it
Neal we can we can color the hut so that
it's opaque and then nobody can see it
just looks like landscape correct yeah
so yes it does okay this will hopefully
work but if we got attacked I even have
to fight with your eyes closed if we get
attacked as a ritual or are you just
casting it oh don't be greedy just can't
I'm just casting it all right it's a
time is it one minute I don't think hang
up right now casting time one minute as
a ritual it says I'm pretty sure that oh
yeah my document might be mistaken I'm
pretty sure it's one minute is it it's
an instant cast but as it as a it's one
minute if it's a ritual cast that's what
it says here yeah
lumens tiny cut casting time one minute
novel in action one minute I'm looking
at the I'm looking at page 255 The
Player's Handbook casting okay I think
you're right yeah I think he's right
oh if it's five e bus lists we'll be
fine really boss this is Stephen did you
make your character yet yeah
the spell goes off everyone crayons
inside the hut it becomes opaque on the
outside transparent from the inside and
maybe like 2 minutes after you're inside
the hut along comes a six-legged
basileus kind of a big one - as it walks
through the area we come here you can
see it can we see out to the hole I
close my eyes okay
I'll do the same for us you close your
eyes ah my eyes are closed
you're a list all right you hear it on
the grass nearby you can then hear it
sort of around your Hut a little bit and
then it moves and there's a crunching of
stone and then the padding of feet and
after a little while it's gone good [ __ ]
yes I guess
Malakai it seems like you've been
through a lot of this before I've been
through some stuff yeah yeah it is good
sleep after that we're protected and a
magical huh
yeah gotta have faith I've slept in
worse places
hey this place is pretty great well look
if you're impressed so far you're gonna
be impressed with to tell you that
that's my posture words like a sleep
well you guys officially missed
Destiny's character so Steven roll up a
new one this time not a basilisk and
next break
are you see no Lily oh my god you're so
going I don't know how you do you've
always been like this wait are we really
going to break already if your character
is ready we'll go to break if not we'll
keep lunging keep plunging through it
okay there's a lot of [ __ ] I gotta
[ __ ] read okay no it wasn't good job
Lucas he picked up on that here real
quick should i do Lily then yeah what
else is knowledge oh okay keep going you
wake up there's seven
let's surround you what're you gonna do
do we wake Oakdale you all wake up the
hut is dispelled you know as is Bobby
okay yeah Bobby's fine he closed his
eyes when you guys were talking about I
closing
little Bobby has not said a single word
he is [ __ ] terrified how heavy is
Bobby nine-nine he's just kidding okay
it's probably quite good then sorry
does Bobby still have the hair ribbon
yes
he's clean I thought Malachi was gonna
straight eat up eat Bobby across for the
south Lebanon we might have had to leave
him here depending go all right I
stretch and I cast polymorph self oh
[ __ ] I say alright let's leave and then
I turn into a Pegasus what you've never
seen someone turn into a Pegasus he's a
horse
here's a horse all along [ __ ] wing it
for I'm gonna grab Bobby grab onto him
Bobby
wait wait wait first first this guy
wasn't real and now he's a horse all
right long flowing white mane feathers
that are you know beautiful and
elongated and pure pearly white I mount
him I'll help you okay
the three little people in one big
person all crammed together on the
Pegasus all right I'm lucky nail maybe
next yeah all right we gonna go to Strom
I'm 48 so how far can I fly in three
hours
see movement speed 12 in just three 1/2
miles an hour so movement speed 48
so easy that um have you guys been
strong time recently yes I was just
there just last night the gates are open
what do you mean I never letting people
in
okay so then I think I mean you're
you're literally a magic horse don't
sighing just fly into the city I mean I
don't wanna get shot down this is
happening this conversation I can't talk
in the hall
wait what I can't talk well well is he
just like me something wrong just fly to
just outside strum home like down here
and then we can just dismount them
alright so you booked it and you fly to
this section of the map as us we land I
say um you've turned back into a human
first yeah yeah I say of course you feel
like I feel like you're from a much more
powerful version of the world that we're
it before we get to this spot well he's
still a Pegasus what the hell is going
on guys
your world has sort of been turned
upside down in the last week here you
know first you're breaking into this
place where there's all these undead and
then you grab this artifact and Midori
explodes then lock vanishes into a hole
and then illusioned person shows up and
turns into a Pegasus and there's armies
approaching you and there's a basilisk
it like what the [ __ ] just happened to
your life look I need you guys to have
like a conversation to figure out what
the hell's going on seems like since we
got this stone everything's uh
gotten a [ __ ] crazy yeah it's a
complete [ __ ] show I mean we're right
we're literally like right in a magic
horse evading a giant army with probably
one of the most powerful items and like
this game I knew it was a good idea to
follow these people yeah what do you
think interned do you are you are you
how are you doing I knew it was a good
idea to follow you guys can I ask Bobby
how he's feeling how do you like
adventure in Bobby
[Music]
hey it's Bobby's yeah what's that ribbon
you're holding on to so tightly
oh this was given to me it's a it's a
what do you call it a leftover of Midori
don't use our name Bobby Bob she's evil
I thought we liked her I thought we did
too till she blew up copper Hill and
caused all of this to happen
the ribbon off of the Pegasus and it
flutters miles to the ground below you
and disappears forever loss good I
wanted to catch it Bernie
give me a dex check to see if you can
catch it as he tosses it oh yeah you
totally catch it uh you're probably the
only one who knows that you have this
then because he just Chuck's it off the
Pegasus and you're seated behind him to
keep him in place if he doesn't fall off
and you just snag it as the last person
on the horse put on my back for now do
continue going okay so when we land I
say attend to a human say it I've had
some issue getting into strum home in
the past may have got shot by the
craftsman on the wall so I'll meet you
in there me Mia and then are we I know
the name topper Neal I don't think
you've ever been in strong haim I just
sneak in scares the library and I did
say no tell them you did okay I don't
remember the name of that tavern but
give him the name of thoughts humming
why don't you just come with us and
people say we're refugees of copper Hill
they are you literally so powerful that
they all recognize you I get the gate
that guards gonna be like oh it's
Malachi I don't know I've had bad
experiences I've never been actually a
lot of through the gates awesome you're
a frickin wizard can't you just make
your use the wait I've got a spell that
I can make you into another dude it's
fun I do I do it all the time
I'll meet you in that and then after
telling the name of the top and I shape
shifting bottom fly away so ethnicity
okay see you later I guess magic horse
person who ID
no before you shaped you from Allah -
you are they okay to take my weapon so
they're gonna steal that [ __ ]
they always try to take them at the gate
all right they never did well they're
not like self they never let me answer I
advice I'd advise that you give them
your weapons though don't give him the
crown they're overlooked do you want me
to sneak the crown in yeah here I take
the crown he disconnects from the car
the tavern that he told you to meet him
at is called the thirsty bear and you
guys had on over to the gates
hi-ho bunch of guards at the gates the
doors are open they see you come in give
you a slightly friendly wave what brings
you here travelers refugees from copper
Hill copper hills to the north this is
the southern gate you're gonna like the
yards try to lie well well we had to go
through the hills it seems that a saint
vicious men are count vicious as men are
storming copper Hill well come on in
we're gonna have to take that sword and
that dagger and they Pat you down and
take your weapons are you one of departs
and owed no with a staff who is wise man
you can have your staff it's fine okay
you might be very much appreciated
you're so good to odomes that's what go
on mr. gnome go on very good person with
the instruments I need your rapier hand
it over
don't worry well here's a receipt he
signs a receipt for you just bring it
back to me and I'll make sure you get it
don't go to the north exit they won't
have your stuff it's just gonna be here
I can keep my instrument story of course
of course can I give one dagger
you know you cannot keep one dagger
I'll mister God I'm young boy you may be
aware there's a hole help me come in
here maybe tell some other gods that
that might be a really big deal like a
dare to have a good day
oh I have to walk off as you walk off
you can hear him talking to his buddy
Oh [ __ ] knows right did he let me
keep my vial of poison they searched you
for weapons and only weapons okay you
guys make it into the big city of Strom
hime it is bustling
well actually I take it back it's
bustling for the people that are here
but the city seems strangely empty like
its population has declined massively
and very quickly the few people that are
here are all on the streets running
around doing things there are all sorts
of people sharpening sticks into spears
adding on little bits of what they can
to their armor trying to repair anything
people move like they're ready for this
fight yep it looks like the town is
getting ready for a fight holy [ __ ] is
there gonna be a war as awesome wait I
stopped the attack oh so let's say yeah
let me do it um I stopped like somebody
that's like sharpening like their
weapons I am oh oh wait I don't need
these that was hello umm I am wondering
what are you preparing for Chris how it
might there be a war war war between
whom [ __ ] everyone well what do you
mean
I'll there's demons in the north-east
there is apparently an army of coun
vicious somewhere in the northwest and
they might be turning down here any day
there's a whole bunch of refugees that
are fleeing copper hill faster than a
faster than a dwarf after a pint of ale
mm-hmm maybe run fast no I mean they
don't really run that fast you know
short stubby legs but they try you know
they try
yeah it's a mess
it is it is well thank you good luck to
you I'll go to the tavern and see if we
can find our Eagle friend yeah I'll go
with them sure it takes you guys a
little while to find the thirsty bear
but sure enough once you arrive there is
Malachi hanging out at a table
you made it how did you okay I'm just
yeah yeah we did
it's one of my best spells right I still
think that uh look you can see what's
happening in the town it's not safe to
be here we still need to make our way -
you really think this is so powerful
that he can assault the main isn't this
like the main city of Arcadia Strom harm
is very weak enough for fighting back
the initial invasion of the demon do you
think we can catch a teleport out of
here today not today tomorrow maybe but
if we teleport from inside the city when
you lose your weapon I would I might
need to go huh
quick maybe we should head to a village
on the outskirts of the south of the
city to look for Joris while we were
here not cauldron maybe a village on the
way find an old barn or something ism
but we need to find Joris sure let's all
split up and see we can find him in here
I mean it's the capital city here you
can't just wander around and find him
right yeah I say don't ask the gods
about refugees from copper Helen wrote
them if Joris brought refugees here he
would have made himself known as the
leader that's true I'll wait here I'll
go to the main gate I guess the front
gate I'll go the other gate Wow alright
mr. moon you are the front gate so we're
gonna follow you because that's the gate
that doors clanging through yeah sure
enough you get to the gate you start
talking with the guards Lily where did
you go I'm just sitting with Marco oh
cool
alright you know what before we do the
gate that's an interesting conversation
what are you you're here your collector
of stories right mm-hmm
so what do you want to talk to Malachi
though well I'm not really talking I'm
just staring at him in awe he's like the
coolest
I've ever met I leave Bobby with them
like what he's not looking I want to
like touch his cloak but just take a
little bit I think I pull our way for
your natively give me a sleight of hands
check to see if you can do without him
noticing yeah he notices I pull it away
I feel very awkward I'm saying here with
all what I'm sitting here with a
halfling on a child I feel quite welcome
to the catacombs big smiles my face we
do awkward better than anybody on to it
so I guess I say it's a pal so how do
you know these guys oh I'm just here for
the ride oh yeah
good rides very very good ride yes this
is your idea of a good time is it I
think so ever since I joined their group
things have been happening one after
another and then you came along you're
so cool can I please touch your cloak
coat like once sure I'll tell you a
story about this cloak if you want you
look like a bard are you a story about
the cloak yeah no I got it
please tell me it's funny actually it's
quite um appropriate I stole her from
comb fishes wait you stole that clock
from the people that were running away
from yeah but he doesn't know so there's
this town down south are called anvil I
first happened upon it and I found that
they were running an illegal ring of
well erm I glanced under the table
halflings feet then people sell them for
look I'm murdering the halflings in
handle anyway the guys running this town
kidnapped the like they killed the Baron
and took over the whole town and he was
on become vicious domain so come fishes
came in and had him killed
and this item this quote belongs to the
Baron and it was being captain
safekeeping in the keep and eye on my
friend and I we we we snuck into the
keep install it right from under his
nose but in the final room was a
fearsome beast it looks like a chicken
it sounded like a chicken for all
intensive purposes it it was a chicken
I'm taking nicest an average sized
chicken what uh-oh
but it's deadly it sounds people to
start not me what other people this
chicken turn things to stone yeah
exactly
oh I don't writing all this done
furiously that's um it's called the
cloak of arak Nydia can you spell that
AR ACH and I di a rock okay yeah III
have to but I don't want to blow them
all on off from the first day here
you're a drink Bobby do you want to
drink you look older I'm old enough can
I come back by now cuz I don't even I'm
what you say can I come back now because
I didn't fighting hello he's the coolest
person I've ever met
yeah he's pretty neat well thank you I
should have known people like you more
often yeah you're sweet yes I just could
I took a seat I'm feeling a little bit
better
oh and some drinks what a treat give
them all the drink
well let's celebrate tonight and then
tomorrow let's leave and head to a
village and find some buckle I'm a
little bit worried that vicious may have
found the wall just concentrates it's
all right so let's flip over to Brad you
make it to the front gate there is a
a whole bunch of guards over there
patting people down as they come in what
do you well uh I'll go up to one of them
that doesn't seem too busy but not
annoyed and ask him I'm looking for my
friend they he actually led the first
Caravan here from copper Hill I assumed
that he would have said that he was the
leader you must be talking about master
Joris
Joris yeah do you have any idea where he
is a he went to he brought his people in
and went to see the Queen has he you
haven't seen him leave yet have you nope
not on my shift is there any way one of
his knives here you so much and staff he
took his staff of course we took a staff
he's a wizard
oh all right this is a virgin business
is there any way I could maybe get an
audience with him do you know if it's
there anybody here that I could talk to
you to take me there escort me I mean
you can go to the castle and try and
chat with the Queen but unless you've
got like a really good reason I doubt
her chancellor is gonna let you see her
what's uh what's the deal what's going
on it seems like copper hills being
stormed I count miche's well [ __ ] and
how do you know that cuz I saw their
banners I didn't check you in I checked
in from the back we fled through the
hills so they couldn't catch a Sun horse
smart cookie it was my idea you look
like a solid man all right well maybe
see if you can talk to the Queen then
that sounds pretty important you might
meet with you I'm gonna head over there
thank you can even your name say yes my
name is captain cup and if you try and
make a joke about it I swear to god I'll
throw you in jail cup really move fish
gifted twice I was once in a while not
making a joke started thank you
okay wait a lot ahead of character say
Concord copy see okay thank you you
people I thought you said top two and I
didn't understand what he was like
referencing like the joke about how much
do this for if you whale together do you
think pounds
my character is 170 plus some gear maybe
like two or 180 yeah or one idea okay we
can leave tomorrow we'll leave tomorrow
I think I can just teleport right buck
so barb oh you go by yourself to the
castle yeah cool you make it to the
castle um then I go it to the guard at
the gate I assume and mm-hmm ask for an
audience because of important
information at copper hill they passed
you from the outer wall to be like inner
wall where there's a chancellor who's
started checking off who's coming to see
on what business and chancellor see who
it is chancellor is a an aged woman
silver hair with little white streaks
through it wrinkles big enough to fit a
coin inside of them
Scott thick glasses on holds a pad of
paper and a sort of a shaky hand and a
pen in another shaky hand and looks at
you and goes oh my fine friend what
brings you to the castle today hello
madam I'm here to talk to Joris or the
Queen if he's not here because copper
Hill is currently being stormed by count
vicious I am on direct orders from darf
the sheriff of Cabrillo think of
darkening orders
well that seems important do you have
any proof of your claims um you've seen
all the refugees coming through yeah and
I know
Jerris is with the Queen she nods once
and then twice no okay sure sure
and leads you
waves you in there's a guard that tells
you to go to the right instead of the
left where the other people are going
like all the little peasants are going
to the left and you get shipped off to
the right side do I see any head [ __ ] on
the way yeah totally you see a valuable
vase
you know it's gilded with there it's
painted with gold and then it's like
laminated on top of that it's maybe a
foot high six inches wide since you know
is there anybody with me escorting me
into the Queen er I mean there's no one
walking hand-in-hand with you but large
people know our guards around you could
give me a sleight-of-hand check I'm just
gonna watch it yeah that's like a hobby
I'll be back for this piece okay on the
way out okay
you head you get to the the parlor where
they've sent you off to there's a few
other people in here that look
well-to-do there's two nobles a
swordsman and a wizard of sorts that's
chillin was a joyous or no no it's not
yours you and kind of politely nod to
you and keep sitting and waiting quietly
give him a polite none I assume kind of
learn how to talk Noble since I had to
hear Locker banter on for many hours
along joins walk have rejected his
nobility he identified with a common man
definitely kept the air of nobility
about him and I think if you have any
sort of accent it's a Siemens accent
okay I will go up to I guess the next
step into talking to the Queen sure
you're gonna be waiting here for a while
but after a while your group of 5/6 its
invited in to see the Queen five five
the Queen asks talks to them one in turn
first is one of these noblemen who's got
a complaint with the Queen about farms
in the south and property rights and
there's a border that needs to be
adjudicated and they go through the
motions of figuring it out it takes like
15 minutes
the next noble comes up and is talking
about how
some of the wagons that he's been
shipping things to southward towards
tasks not a soul he's been trying to
send things to volara
through the overgrowth sense that you
know a lot of the other trade routes are
broken now but the things didn't get
through they never heard from the the
people that were pushed him through the
overgrowth again and the Queen sort of
nods if she was expecting this news they
chat back and forth it sounds like this
guy was moving goods on behalf of the
crown and he's just reporting in on it
the next person is one of the the
fighter he's here to pledge his sword to
the Queen to his death and she takes it
X word gives him a pat on either
shoulder makes him an official servant
of his hers and he steps to the side the
the wizard comes in and starts talking
about what he needs it's a whole bunch
of magical items he says he can put up a
protective dome over the whole of strong
hind he just needs a certain amount of
silver and a little bit of dragon's
blood to get it done and the Queen goes
back and forth with him like time begins
to pass like they're talking specifics
and arguing details minutes stretch on
and on I'm not gonna be rude I just say
quiet
you just stay quiet I was the last one
here yeah sure eventually she sends him
off to talked with the her counts or her
name on her Ark wizard and as soon as
he's like walked and out through the
door she gives like a very knowing nod
to one of her Guardsmen who's standing
around and he like sneaks in after this
guy and disappears at the door with him
and you come up to stand before her this
is well this is Queen Kiara sanguine she
is 22 years old she's been Queen for
just a few years now just two years now
basically since everything's been
falling to pieces around her on her
right is a bit as an elderly dwarf with
a pendant that denotes him as a cleric
of belem God of War
around her are a whole bunch of armed
guards her like Kingsguard style folks
all inflate mail and there's also a
court wizard nearby she attractive why
don't you roll me 3d six and we'll see
if you think she's attractive or not
yeah you know what definitely definitely
attractive mm uh your majesty who are
you I am a captain barb oh and I am on
business from copper Hill it is
currently being stormed by count vicious
we had heard news that that might happen
yeah I think you spoke with my friend
Joris yes yo gastro man sir yes ma'am do
you have any idea where he went
he is currently how do you say this
delicately sitting in our dungeons is
there reason I know you're it um is
there anything I can do your highness
hmm Joris is a thief and somewhat of a
liar if you can return the things you've
stolen from us then we will let him go
do you know what they are could you
could you tell me what they are your
majesty do either know where they are or
you don't I do not but I do have a
friend who might be able to find some
items if I have an itemized list oh we
have ways of making him talk okay all
right I appreciate the audience with you
it's been an honor
you said mm-hmm count vicious is
attacking copper Hill yes ma'am
are you sure I am a hundred percent I
saw his banners do you know if he plans
to come this way
do not do you know why he's attack
and copper Hill I do not well I thank
you for your warning and she makes a
gesture to one of the people on the side
and he walks up and present her a bag of
gold darf did say that did think that he
was that they were gonna store him
copper hill to come to store my as soon
as possible
and darf is is the sheriff of town I see
thank you for your warning good man
you're doing your kingdom a service
thank you your majesty
you are handed a bag of a hundred gold
pieces and dismissed from the court and
you commit to the tavern with everything
else unless you have something you want
to do as I'm walking through
I'm guessing going out the same way I
came in right no this time you're just
headed out the straight out the main
doors instead of like going into the
waiting room now you're just okay desi
and I just leave if I am I'll come back
and tell the podium why I suppose Joris
is uh currently locked up
what well he thought that he is a thief
and a liar and a gassy guy even did they
say anything about why she wouldn't tell
me she's either either I know but he
stole her I don't do you have any idea
of Malachi I mean George has got all
sorts of curious stuff back at his house
because all any of them from Strom ha
I'm sure it might be from years ago they
might just be holding a grudge is Hiba
sort that steals yeah yeah probably I
definitely did not seem very
enthusiastic about it said that they had
ways of making him talk oh no I haven't
cause how his tone ah he's a cheeky
fellow I wouldn't really mind it I guess
what it's one what did that make him not
be able to talk says a little Bobby you
freaking genius
there's nothing worse for Wizard than
losing without your praise
I'll give Bobby a twenty gone oh it's
just money too yeah there's some money
to have about you know in case you do
buy anything
well let's be very rich
to just really give gold like that he
has a habit of doing this this surd
walks right up to the bar with his 20
gold pieces takes a few of them and
after climbing up on a chair slams them
on the table and says an loudest voice
that is prepubescent wrote will carry
drinks for everyone in the bar he lifts
up his hand and walks back to where you
are with like a proud look like he's a
man now or something good job Bobby let
me hold onto these for you just so uh no
one messes with you doing good they are
yours so if you ever need him just ask
me for him okay
okay uh guessing off 90 of you have done
for gold I think okay thanks [ __ ]
idiot is the question no 20%
yeah whatever we get on our list we'll
go over the contract later okay you
should be thankful honestly yeah I am
sorry sorry sorry I just thought I'd ask
interns am i right Malakai unbelievable
why okay I'm not sure I'm we all agree
that if it weren't for me you'd all be
dead we can but this is gonna go where I
think it's gonna go I'm not happy about
it yeah I take us all back to Bon Ferris
okay we'll let the heat die down a
little bit yeah if you want we can go
let chest you can take the crown if you
want if you think it's safe to be
carrying around that's fine I don't mind
looking after if I can have your word
that you're not gonna [ __ ] around with
it well what I could do is do some
research on it and then the next time I
see you I could
I mean honestly used honestly barb oh we
are just gonna die with it like the
question the real question like it's
better to put it in Malachi's hands he's
been kind to us this entire time the
real question is what do we do next
well pops you could maybe work on gang
Joris all of this mess considering that
he wouldn't be an a if it wasn't for you
three but I don't think we can go to
copper hill to get his [ __ ] anymore I
think that city's raised yeah I think
that's out of the question but maybe you
could bust him out of the prison or
you're gonna help me bust him out of the
prison I'm not gonna do that I don't
think two people can bust him out of a
prison and draw mime yeah you're
probably right
maybe you could find some sort of deal
with the Queen um well Alton
alternatively though hang on sorry there
is something else in strong time that
I'd value as much as gone nope well
here's that here's the thing you see our
entire deal was kind of to get this
crown and now that the Crown has calmed
down and we're in this town we don't
really know what's next so we're kind of
lost but maybe that's not your problem
I'm vexed are you trying to do good
deeds helpful world are you trying to
yeah I mean we we started on this whole
thing because we were trying to keep to
stop the evil mayor the evil major and
that I guess we did do that cuz the
whole is to secure the crown maybe we
just leave it with Alec I or we go back
you know Wyatt Malachi Wyatt so uh why
introduced us now maybe let's go back to
bond Terrace and then we can figure it
out from there I think we should just
take the night and find it yeah okay we
we agree that you should protect the
crown for now I'm even better in your
hands you yeah we research into it
uh no uh you can tweet me do you have
tweets in your version of the world the
technology's worse though so it's a lot
more difficult to send okay we have the
iPhone eight here's their phone are we
we parting ways with no we're going with
him tomorrow at least back to bunt
there's you box up on Ferris and then
I'm actually I have business in the
capital but you buy my Butler will
you're welcome to stay in the münchener
my Butler will look after you in your
house Malachi what were you about these
people I'm gonna walk them out of the
cellar they seemed a lot nicer than you
love me murder over you did the only
reason why that didn't happen is because
the guy that would have done his bed
speaking of which did you make your
character listen it'll be ready for next
time okay Joe mm-hmm okay
so I think we sleep another night in
strum home and then we'll just yeah sure
you guys can spend a night not here in
the tavern because they separate taverns
and inns here so you guys find yourself
at the come on in boys funny yeah great
about that one and it's the brothel
gonna come in oh my watch my all right
the next morning I think Malachi just
freakin TPS you from point A to point B
right well then they need to get their I
they need to get that gear from the wall
so we should leave pick up that gear and
then on the way dollars they go and
collect the gear I had passed blacksmith
and grab some powdered iron just off the
ground
powdered iron lying on the ground
everywhere okay guy so is it shot by
some power to die in them and then once
we go outside the walls
i am i open my back and they say for the
four of you stand still and i start
incanting and starting with barb oh I
say sprinkle iron powder over his head
and he shrinks to ten percent of his
size cool and then I open my pockets
they get in mm-hmm oh well I did this
all the time I do this the whole party I
got them all in the back all right this
is your backpack right yeah and then I
tell the Pope buy your backpack doesn't
have enough room for a nine-year-old and
all these people you'd have to shrink
alterations okay alright so you shrink
them all to like tiny 10% versions of
their self themselves a little family of
borrowers I think I saw this in a weird
anime woods okay and then I teleport
back to the house and Bob Harris all
right and then you do this all while
you're outside of the gate right because
you have to leave the gate to get
weapons back I mean we'll leave a little
bit right so why not just what's the
call it's alright so you're a little bit
of ways yeah cool all right
okay and I think I'm gonna peace out box
awake for a run so but before it goes
tell hello this is a regular teleport
spell right so I need to roll me a d100
and see if you land on in the right
party killed the atomic seven if I roll
here we all die yeah February I do it on
the floor above the cellar so that if I
roll oh I go into the cellar okay you
don't instantly die okay once you how
does that work it's a wonder but I don't
remember it's a one or how well you know
the area he's like in the earth or
something yeah okay so I you you end up
above it and fall you roll too low you
end up somewhere in the ground is the
goal for 50 then or just you know
somewhere near it depends on how well
you know the area so with his own home
he's got like a 98 percent chance of
rain
landing in the right spot hmm okay so I
leave you in the lobby to enlarge my
head down to my basement I'll just do
the stud quick meal I grab my spell
books I grab a random amulet that I've
got and I can stir continual light on it
I know what you're doing got it yeah and
then I bring that back up to to them and
I'll give them I say I was going to give
you some gold for the books but uh I
feel like we can square that off here
this this necklace it will glow like
some light you can keep it on your cloak
and if you ever find yourself in a dark
okay fine [ __ ] lie grab that [ __ ] I
mean
sir Malachi mr. Malachi yes now what
about my spells so I ask you what kind
of what kind of things you look at there
what do you get
try teach him to he spells me all that
he can then Kostas do you version
oh god that's gonna be so complicated oh
yeah so [ __ ] calm now look let me
have a look at your face I may not
actually let me see um I'll try and pick
one why don't you guys PM each other
back and forth the spell stuff so yeah
we can do that yeah
non wizards don't have to deal with your
shenanigans Geraldton you can find one
that you couple you want so excited I'm
at I'm at he's a friend right now and
this necklace that he handed you is
pretty valuable in and of itself like
it's like a 200 GP amulet like the magic
I want it aside just so you know I'd
like it did I need if I can never
[ __ ] see anytime I go anywhere I
never do this so please mark down its
value on your sheet don't forget I'm not
gonna like weight around my neck yeah
yeah but mark it down so that we know
someone has it on their character sheet
and that it flows how's your internet
can carry time for you don't worry he
won't be carrying any cool items around
for a long time okay all right what were
you gonna say
Nicholas I'm just saying I've send Devon
my um actual spotless but in-game Malik
I just talked to him and tries to work
out what spell he wants he's not yeah
yeah well I don't actually see a spell
book yeah perfect good to know
but at nail its I'm thinking that
Malachi just leaves into their own
devices now a ghost but since the
timelines are kind of getting funny so
yeah yeah unless you need me I mean it's
it's yeah all right all right dude you
were awesome thank you so much for
coming on the show you're so cool thanks
you're so close that you guys really
neat I'm sure we'll see you again yeah
be good all right
good look yeah you
see laughs well me I'd like to see more
of Nick you can check out hardcore
heroes or frozen frontier is he gonna be
on the new one homebound I think welcome
MacNeill good to meet your may consume
yes I forgot to ask him to autograph my
loot I'm sure he will do it for you yeah
so cool it's like the coolest person
I've ever met
you're Devin now cozy huh so you guys
are in bond Terrace I guess we go to
we're gonna go to print instance I gotta
get my boots okay we need to go to what
is why bombard bought their ass or is he
in Princes why it's in Fenton I don't
think your boots are in pernicious dude
didn't you ask that from I asked him the
guy day and I told him to put it yep and
I asked him to put it in print isn't it
printed right right right
because we needed to like specify a
place and I was like I will probably go
back to print it one day and here we are
finally all right well you're still in
bond Terrace for now you can grab a ship
to produce this if you want it's a
two-day journey I would really like to
go see if my boots it it'll be real
quick and we left the book there Emily
no girl yeah we left so leave what buck
the big book oh wait I don't actually
think we did leave it there well so so
barb oh and in turn we've we've kind of
we're kind of lost now right yeah we got
a our goal I guess is to get my boots
and then go to offend it and I'm almost
positive he never got your boots I'm
pretty sure that guy's dead
yeah but there's a chance and it'll be
real there's a chance it'll be okay you
guys were gonna help the foot
Joris yeah well we got to talk to way up
first yeah and we might have to like
meet one other person who might also
help us if we find someone else to do
this cuz we used to be four people we're
not right right now we're three this
sure
well we're with Bobby Stephen control
Bobby
[ __ ] that [ __ ] just get out of that
Stephen you can come you can roll in as
Bobby I'll kill myself even quicker than
I did unlock if I have to pop me like
that alright I'll buy a shipped from
Bonterra supremacist I'd like to fire
the fastest ship sure it'll be a four
day round trip for everyone oh just pay
the cost and get it done with because
you've sailed apprentices of you have no
items waiting for you there whatsoever
hop on a ship and leave town like that
no one spots you there's you know you
guys are in and out before anyone
realizes that you are a murderer and
it's fine
how much I owe the boat captains one two
three six seven gold can I um can we get
a carriage from Bon Terence to Fenton
totally yep that's gonna be a 81 miles
that probably like 40 miles a day over
the hills it's gonna be a three-day
journey so let me just do I will haggle
that they are really small people a
child doesn't matter how small they are
still a carriage whether you put one
person in it or ten people it's still a
carrot I could stack them but I'm saying
like you're you're paying him like
whether you put five people in your or
one person if you're still paying the
same price but if you put a baby on a
play and they don't really make pave
yeah they do what no if you have a baby
and you put in your lap they don't get
me well that's it you have to be a
running one on top of each other yeah oh
we're running the wagon Oh commencing
loophole got it yep that's
it's gonna be a three-day journey
because those hills are tough saris and
Steven you said you're gonna be ready
for next week yeah I think so make sure
I have all of us set up next week I take
note of where Malachi's home is by the
way yeah just outside of town like right
over here cool
I mean catch can't you play a character
if we're not gonna get any encounters I
guess because you're not gonna make sure
this one hundred percent ready to go
sacred from these [ __ ] can't you give
us a hint
we've got like 30 minutes left all right
no we have like two hours okay all right
then I might be ready in a little bit
okay my name's Lilly
yeah that's my new character are you
Jesus idiot oh my god Lucas jo I'm just
kidding yeah my final damn you chill no
you chill now you chill man quiet all
right
you make it back to fend ed the place
where it all began
oh man I assume I can go ask Jeeves for
the thing any time right I don't have to
go through Malachi if I want the helmet
or they get their impression wrong why
don't we just deal with that when we
come to it
sure I'm not gonna do it today yeah cool
where is our tavern what was it called
Dusty's bless you god bless you let's
head on over to dust you make your way
back to fend in how locks Antos Midori
we no longer at Midori we will need a
halfling token can we throw up a bobby
token - absolutely
cuz Bobby's gonna be around for a long
time
how big is a long sword is it too big
for child it's three feet of steel
you gotta learn at a young age [ __ ]
I'll give it to him given my long sword
with a nice geminate we will find a more
appropriate token for you in between
sessions actually that should have been
what we did while we were making your
character for now this is going to be
pearl will get you a better token later
and now we need a child to mention your
name Devon yeah I can you how do you do
it well I have to say thanks lovely I
love these children tokens because their
label is just called undesirable it's
not like a human child it's just all
right there's a little Bobby there's
pearl there's Captain Bob oh why it is
still chillin over in his corner I'm
gonna go yeah I'll go grab him oh my
good friend Wyatt's been a-been a spell
well well well look what the cat dragged
in the bar bows well some of them anyway
it's been a long journey Wyatt we've
been through quite a thing as leader I'm
here ah
not all of us survived Locke is dead he
killed himself
um and we don't know what happened to
Midori but we picked up this intern her
name is pearl son Bobby
and this nine year old barbell had added
a child I guess in that time and rate
and he grew really fast and that's him
there anyway the point has been really
difficult
we're here to report about our mission
can we take it downstairs maybe sure
sure and he will lead you downstairs I'm
gonna change the lighting on the stuff
so that
everyone can see has not everyone quiet
know me good he specifically requests
that little Bobby not come downstairs
this is no conversation for children
it's fine he leaves you behind you and
you all right so why it comes over you
guys are all downstairs here he looks at
the lawn of you and goes so how'd it go
did you did you get it do ya we got the
crown and the philosopher's stone we
combined them and currently they are
with our esteemed wizard colleague what
No so here let me kind of fill in some
of the blanks because this whole thing
kind of went sideways and for the
convenience I'm not gonna do my thing
we we were in a city called Capri Hill
and within copper Hill one of our I went
to go to storm hime to research the very
object that we had is they're very
powerful and we left the item with our
cleric and we do not know what happened
after that but something detonated the
entire town and her with it and now
she's dead and that resulting magic
caused count vicious from fortune to
sense it which is who we stole it from
he had it by the way the whole time and
he has raised an army to come down and
assault and he successfully assaulted
copper hill he may be on his way to
storm hime to assault that now we don't
know we got out of there our only option
was the town mayor of copper hill called
in a very powerful wizard named Malachi
who helped us escape we would be dead
most likely if not for him
hmm and he is protecting the crown now
we trust him as much as we could trust
someone basically my vision
of the crazy wait what why you're just
role-playing as Locke endless dad are
you joining us to even no no I just need
vision so everyone else hi I'm actually
given everyone vision of everything
maybe refresh rule 20
sometimes it glitches gotcha if you
haven't already tried that acting like
the dynamic lighting is on debits find
out for you Coolio so you're saying that
count vicious is waging war across era
dawn but you've got the Philosopher's
Stone and the crown of domination you've
combined them and they're here and wreck
is somewhere with a friend of yours and
they can be retrieved at any time with
one of the most powerful wizards in the
land that's correct
he looks like he's adventured with
Desmond he looks at each of you in the
eyes and goes I am very proud of each of
you I think I think together we're going
to we're going to bring peace to this
land
yeah well with the crown it would be an
easy matter to get rid of Colonel or
marshal or whatever his name is now
tavington how does it work am i getting
like a sense of loss coldness from him
does it seem like his tone is shifted or
inside check time yeah I think my tone
shifted that's ending so I roll at 22 on
inside actually don't like he is
interested in removing major tavington
from power
colonel tavington seem like a like he
wants to be in power kind of interest
guess what I'm getting at is it does it
seem like he's like it seems more like a
vendetta against Canada than anything
yeah a lot has happened while you've
been away well we'd like to hear oh I
think yeah at this moment we're a little
bit stuck on what's next well the war is
going very well
mystery ax should be ours
come late spring early summer once the
warring season starts back up me colonel
tavington has been sacking and looting
and plundering making himself fabulously
wealthy acquiring a large amount of land
which gives him more soldiers and troops
and power and prestige and is he's
beginning to flex White has a limp right
he does he walks with a cane
were you ever in the army Wyatt no no no
no no and he's I don't can I do it like
an insight just make sure he's not lying
sure you are fairly certain he's telling
it okay it seems like you have a
vendetta against major tavington deep
state his axe or is it more personal
than that did you know him from a young
age eh to be honest at first I didn't
really care about him one way or the
other but while you were gone he
instituted a series of purges and some
of the border towns a few of my friends
and colleagues have been strung up and
murdered while you were away like
nothing more said colonel tavington
dead I can understand that
what do you think we should do next then
I guess to heat the war effort
well this crown thingy how does it work
what does it do I mean I've read the
books put it onto someone's head tell
him what to do and they'll do it the
hard part is getting it on their head
you put it on their head and you tell
them to act like a chicken and they do
it I saw it with my own eyes well here's
my plan you feel better one I am very
willing to hear it you get the crown you
approached having 10 saying you want to
gift him something you give him the
crown and he will probably just put it
on his head because that's the sort of
man he is and then you walk him out and
murder him when no one's around because
if you can control him you can issue
orders through him right you can make
him talk you can make what see things
yeah wasn't he looking for a crown no
like this was this entire goal yeah he
knows what it ends a bit risky to show
up with a crown is it he knows more than
true he knows more than we do about it
tonight whispered to Gerald
why are we killing this guy he's really
a bad guy we already killed his son now
we got to kill him too oh yeah Superman
okay okay that won't work what if you
put it on one of his trusted guards
somehow and then have them wear a hat
over the crown so no one sees it seems
you're fresh out of good ideas Wyatt
well well alright alright let's hear
what you've got I we are the few seconds
to think about it whatever we have to go
rescue a wizard from a dungeon
that's our you know what wizard do you
have to rescue from a dungeon
you know Juris yeah Joris he adventures
with Desmond you should know him he's a
great powerful wizard okay I see what
another one of your arrow Dhoni and
friends that is bad whole country is
burning to the ground don't worry about
it they're all probably dead by now
I was dead yesterday yeah yeah he looks
at Gerald a little cautiously how
powerful have you grown little-known um
you know not really that powerful I
could definitely use another circle but
we I told you we met that other wizard
that was like way way back yes hmm got
it got it
we could use another star inner circle
couldn't we've yeah I'm feeling pretty
leveled up especially since like were
the only like two people to have
survived you know it's true my milkis
cleric died what
oh he's a fully she's not a she's not
bad anymore she switched to very she and
then varasi excuse me I've been playing
too much Pathak so she switched to a
varasi and then I think that was going
pretty well and we were doing well until
the entire town exploited it was
something to do with that I don't know
that cleric but she sounded like a
badass she wasn't she was a coward and a
weakling oh oh I thought she was pretty
neat pearl that's weird I always thought
there was a thing between the two of you
he says porn again barb oh you were
dating her I'd never date fellow party
members the allow me was considered
dating is locked drinks and seem to
recall the date or something I think he
could be mistaken perhaps even had kids
together pearl they had these two little
yetis we did tame yetis that was badass
and always spam ex-girlfriend like that
so the little yetis always argued and
then I think they both died horribly
really I don't really remember how okay
so you were dating a death Claire you
had to Yeti children and then they both
died and then she died before blowing up
the town am I getting this right yeah I
like they were choosing
myah not a cleric huh fine yeah it kind
of went downhill when she went about my
way let's move on I agree
so this is my vendetta now against this
tavington if you want nothing to do with
it that's fine
you are not beholding to me in any way
shape or form I just thought we could do
good together I see well I guess we'll
think about it I mean we have a lot of
things to decide we could go after the
wizard we could go do your thing with
Ike tavington and we could just wander
around the world and try it we could
probably try to go help and stop vicious
that'd be pretty fun
mm you could fit a crown on a dragon ton
if we can get to the dragon that'll be
easy
I know a dragon you do know hey well
seems like a lot has changed for you
what what are your goals and your
desires at this point in time I want to
be promoted from an intern to a
full-time worker admin to do that you've
gotta like at least like win a fight
with us and do some stuff like your days
that's some number of undetermined
fights yeah it's it's in the contract
we're paying you an exposure right now
though which is yeah truly bringing up
your name Oh okey Oh Mouse artists love
to be paid an exposure about 4,000
exposures yeah yes mm-hmm
you pay your people and exposure don't
you what I try not to expose my people
wrong okay
got different opinions I guess anyway
we're a little lost I I guess you take
your load off sounds like you've been
traveling a lot give yourself some time
to rest
captain barb oh yeah down by the docks
on the far west end there's a young man
has been talking about you oh no no no
mmm okay what's his name
Dino Little Jimmy again yeah how's he
doing well how do you feel about piracy
I thought I I mean I've gave that life
up long ago and I tried to well do me
terribly she's become yelling we have to
give spank down on Little Jimmy wait
who's little what did you do
hey how much was it coiba do you know
was it 200 million there's some huge
amount of money you just I want to say I
gave this guy a thousand gold it was
something like that I don't remember the
specifics but it was enough though you
know out of money I got in my early
phases giving I thought maybe you should
give to one person uh-huh so I gave him
like a thousand gold and a hundred gold
and it seems like now his life is turned
to [ __ ] so that's why I give to
charities because they've managed the
money much better you can also pay your
intern hey do you want a job or not I'm
sorry sorry sorry
alright you only get 10% by no no it's
funny you don't do that there I haven't
done the convoy yep we have to save who
we have to go beat up little dude we
have to team them up well he's a pirate
now okay maybe we can talk him down
all right what's next all right all
right
will you look after a little poppy okay
do you seem to have a habit of
collecting little boys I love little
boys in dandy all right sure we will
have him wait tables or something
okay - in the meantime feel like leans
on his good leg and uses their own 20
gold Pat his injured leg you got someone
who can teach them how to wield a sword
at least I'm sure you don't need a leg
to wield shown proper form thank you
do you say you gave Wyatt 20 volt yeah
and I'll let him up say here let him
train with this and I'll give him the
the longsword with the gem oh the gem
encrusted longsword yeah all right
little Bobby only that's a mighty gift
for a young lad I have you got many
gifts all right I'll see to it that he's
trained thank you go take them take a
load off rest let's go to the docks
okay guys can head on down to the docks
district this is sort of a seedy part of
the world your pendant is kind of know
like the AH it's like a third world
waterfront let me put it that way don't
take kindly to gnomes around it yeah
yeah you don't worry buddy
don't worry allow mm-hmm watch out just
right around on my shoulders geez fun
him hang up there near your spell's I
have spells although well yeah where we
might die are well word Brisbane for a
fight I think but I'm not afraid of
little Jimmy how old was little Jimmy
he's like 12 13 maybe as Melanie is I'm
about to beat up a kid yeah but she Hugh
I give my tutor goal maybe is like a
huge crew now be good okay I don't give
a fireball in hand lots of them
you guys get down towards the docks and
sure enough there's little Jimmy
standing on a large crate with a group
of maybe 20 people gathered around him
and he's just talking to them regularly
but up on this crate so everyone can see
him and as a little Jimmy walk down he
spots you you call out to him I've been
looking for you I heard you're looking
for me well if it isn't bad Brad barb oh
what's up how have you been buddy I'm
staying back and I put one hand on like
like pearls shoulder just to like tell
her like wait let's see what happens
well I'm not approaching yeah okay
little Bobby has a rape saber at his
side and he hops off the the crate and
starts to walk towards you and this like
crew of 20 people slowly walk behind him
you really need your crew to handle me
little Jimmy
walks towards you and then throws open
his arms and I'm gonna upset you to give
you a hug
well what I think it's gonna be cold I
can I do prized by this I will do a
quick perception check to see like if he
has anything in his art in his hands
sure thank you yeah it just has open
hands there's no daggers or knives or
anything I'm surprised by I'll let it
happen but I'm worried about it yeah he
throws his arms around you and Pat's you
on the back a few times and breaks away
from me and goes I I gotta thank you you
helped me out of a tight spot it got
worse after you left Oh God did it get
worse a lot of people died it was awful
but then then I did it did what robbed a
ship took it for all it was worth
sold it in cursed wick came back here
put together my own crew that's how I
came a young lad you learned the legend
to the legend of the sea can always be
calling to you after that day that first
day mm-hmm you really pulled yourself up
by your bootstraps with a small I
certainly did and in honor of your gift
that made me who I am today
I named my group the chat's well that is
a that is an amazing name and I hope
that you only get a bigger I have a lot
of
room to grow he says tapping his head
with the flat of his blade that you do
and when you're my age maybe you'll own
all how many seas do you have koi b7u
and all the seventeen seas that's going
on I think their bonding is like it's
like a pirate thing good yeah why don't
you come down down to our humble little
tavern we have drinks we got women we
got men we got booze
we got dancers and we got music um how
old does Jimmy look twelve thirteen way
too young to be involved in piracy
gambling whoring he's fine
okay what is life what is uh you know
little Jimmy I'd wait what's your use D
so go buy little Jimmy or do you go by
uh oh I go by little Jimmy all goodbye
little Jimmy no matter how big I get I
like I'm not 300 pounds and seven feet
tall I'll be little Jimmy alright little
Jimmy I like what you got going on here
but I have to get back with uh me and my
you know this is my this is my crew
humble as they look but that one I'll
point to the gnome that's a low that's a
wizard very powerful he transported us
from trakis to here like that instance
is drek us
oh he transported us from a era don't ya
to here instantaneously I wave gives a
nod to the wizard I the other one let me
teach you a little bit about business
Jimmy that is an unpaid intern that's
pearl an unpaid intern now if you want
you can go find younger people get them
on your ship get him to move barrels and
do certain things and even have to pay
him a dime at the split you just tell
them get this you tell them it's for
exposure and and to learn the job I've
got myself my scurvy dogs there you go
Landon mm-hmm well if you ever need to
see me
or you want to come on by and say hello
you can find me down at the bar but it's
the name of my tavern I like it if
you're gonna use AA
little Jimmy kind of my thing the bar
beause you know it's just the barb you
know cuz we're pointy well I'll stab you
if you get to clear my you know my sword
is named barb not my other ones named
Eric cuz I'm barbaric I you know since
they gave me the loan to start you off
maybe you can give me five percent of
what the tavern brings it just cuz as a
thank you sure sure
alright you can come an arm wrestler our
bodyguard for it you win you get 10% I'm
not really no I'm wrestling up really
yeah I heard you were ah you do you know
my brother Chad mmm okay well 5% 5% come
on and collects whenever you want will
do thank you that's busted
I'll see you little Jimmy it's been a
pleasure doing business with you and if
you make any other taverns or any other
ship cruise I you know I would only be
fair if I got 5% of that you're using my
name the legacy so I like this whole
multi-level investments yeah no good
then if you need people under you you
can get them to make places then you get
a cut off the top and I get a cut off to
that top I call it a you know a triangle
mmm triangle scheme mm-hmm I like it
good I'll see you in a few weeks Jamie
to collect my cut see you around
bad Brad barb oh never forget a little
Jimmy child labor the best labor free
mmm-hmm
they don't eat much either no they do
not and you guys can walk away from the
horrific situation you've sort of
accidentally created it's not it's
beautiful yeah it's great
it's a Ponzi scheme I mean not a very
nice person pearl could you hear me
really from that far distance when you
said I wasn't moving forward at all any
gaming pearl at it again 10 15 20 feet
away you could hear a conversation here
oh you guys talk very loud I mean wow
you're so cool thank you I'm sorry your
intern I'm an investor girl but I saw
the 20% yeah
Lyon gave you an extra 10% than what I
usually give interns cuz just feel nice
that day we can I want to see how you
like how you hold up when we get into a
situation that's real tough too that's
gonna tell us a lot more about you you
know I would like to go by Brad small
business on I'm gonna tell everybody
hmm so what do you guys wanted maybe
it's time you guys sit around and figure
out what your gals are yeah I mean I I
feel like at this point we probably have
some Bob we like we probably have some
obligations to stop vicious we have to
go back and save jurors I think I think
that guys like the real bad boss like
he's like he's like he's just like a bad
stop vicious for a long time it sounds
like even malachi sounded afraid of him
mm he's an army yeah but we have the
most powerful artifact on earth Arcadia
it's also the shittiest one because you
have to like be close to him to put it
on their head yeah but that's like I
cast invisibility wander up put it on
his head and then be like hey I guess if
you if you want to be the one who runs
up and put someone's head and risk it
I'm just saying it's like that's light
well I'm just saying like in we have to
think in terms of like the biggest thing
right like we created this whole
situation in arid on maybe what we need
to do is like maybe help storm Haim
maybe try to stop like me like we can
get allies we can like bite bishops we
can start a war we can do
something yeah I think that's fine if we
get storm I'm but it seems like they're
content just having their own City
doesn't seem like they want to venture
out especially with like the demons in
each stroke well I think vicious is
gonna come to storm hime I mean and if
we rescue yours maybe he'll know what to
do next about that cuz okay so your ass
is what Joris has lost lost his town
yeah maybe we can convince the Queen to
let out yours for the incoming invasion
he is a wizard after all it would be
maybe right if he paid his due and
helped him out that would be his payment
I think what we could do is we could
also go to the Queen and say is there
some task we can perform in exchange for
Doris's release maybe like protecting
the city yeah I think that is my plan
okay yeah what do you think pearl me you
want my opinion yeah um
that's an excellent idea okay great I
guess I'm good
yeah and then from there I think that's
probably gonna lead us into doing
something else that's neat
um maybe maybe the tavington thing comes
up later but I think that like Wyatt
that's like really like a weird personal
thing for Wyatt now we're in feggin
right mm-hmm yeah so they're they just
like on the river yeah they're on the
river okay who's on the river the
Pirates are there River pilot if there's
River files he'll work his man tube a
pirate yeah yeah he hasn't work his way
up to the seventeen seas correct yeah so
I think I think what we do is we go try
to bargain for Joris and then maybe
later like if we come across the
tavington thing we can deal with that
but it seems like we have more to do
with vicious and that whole story I
think that's probably the play yeah I
think the first play is to go talk to
Queen again see we get drawers oh yeah
assuming there the place still there I
mean like maybe it got attacked and then
that changes everything - yeah
how far is storm hein from here booth
sorry
and watch it's a great distance yeah
what's it like how much is it for a
wizard to teleport us like if we got him
to do silver if we just got him the
silver would we be able to do it there
are some wizards that will provide that
service I guess theoretically do you
think if we win it is not cheap it is
available do you think if we went back
to Malachi and like asked him that he'd
do it for us right now we just give him
the money for the silver no oh he did
you're right he's gone it's gonna be a
ton of money I don't think we have
enough it is two thousand gold per
person no well how long is the journey
itself because we might just you know
start the journey and we'll find stuff
along the way it'd be fun so let's zoom
out on the world map here and try and
get some understanding of where we are
what's going on so we're here and it'd
be like there by land you could drop
yourself off somewhere on a ship like by
tassel we did last time is this I think
by both yep that's what you did last
time
you went into their rock wave and then
went over on land but going this way was
a [ __ ] cuz we had a lots of things are
all destroyed and do not exist anymore
oh my god um why don't why don't we we
could take a is volara destroy it - no
what are what are they destroyed by we
know that right demons demons yeah
pretty much
this is bad I thought demons were an era
dawn this is aired on this is what I
thought era dawn was near fortune like
to the top right and near hourglass
era dawn is everything so we know that
the we know the demons came from
heatstroke so they destroyed all planes
you know they didn't come from
heatstroke they came from schierbrock
okay you're down here and
dup everything and then meandered up
this way pretty much all of this is like
bad and just like everything except here
yeah yeah that's wait the warm home is
pretty screwed yes so why don't we take
a we could take okay I don't like wait
can I make an arrow yeah we can yeah we
can take a go defend in walked is here
it's a two got we're in fended now we
walked to dawn gate and one quick
problem this country up here is the
country you're presently at war with and
there are soldiers all over this place
so at war like that means what they
would know that we're like from an enemy
faction just like if random people
walked across this area somehow and you
were seen just showing up out of nowhere
you'd probably be arrested detained
questioned possibly just outright killed
as spies yeah
like North Koreans defecting over like
South Korea yeah like during the Cold
War you wouldn't just like walk from
East Germany to West Germany you know
then or is this like bad area too yeah
what's this know that these people are
fairly neutral this is the matriarchal
Kingdom or I guess a queendom of Matala
very cool with men no no all of the men
are born as slaves to their mothers and
used as like cannon fodder in the
military while all the ruling class
women are the Knights and men usually
walk around with collars on to note
their secondary slave status so it's
sort of like an [ __ ]
Kingdom but they do a lot of trading and
they sort of keep to themselves and they
don't really push boarders they just
kind of like because they're positioned
right here where if someone wants to get
into these canals they can move the
goods up here yeah so there and they
have a one landing spot really hard to
invade great spot for trading as long as
they don't bother anyone they can just
be as oppressive and reclusive as they
want think of him as like the evil North
Korea of the world it seems like the
safest way then would be to go all the
way back to Rock it's maybe if we landed
in the Ashland's off the coast
north of Shire Brook and then we floated
it over the storm home it sounds fine we
can go visit my family in the bar beause
the Barbados say I I think the only
worry there is like just the are there
like we know there's demons like
wandering around in there
no the demons seem to have all coalesced
into heatstroke right okay impression
you've gotten some listening and a
taverns and stuff yeah so if we land it
off the coast of ash lands right here
and then foot of its a store mind that
be a relatively safe journey the place
is just desolated decimated sure there
might be some like random monsters here
and there but sure that sounds fine
sounds like the best option I think any
going through any cities is gonna be
just too hard yeah this would be this
would be 255 miles from Shire Brook if
you if you stop near Shire Brook or
whatever and just took the road which
would be the fastest way rather than
having to I know a sea captain who could
take us there that's true
technically you're after captain but he
could be a sea captain
thank you sir Eddie oh we're gonna take
from here we're gonna go with little
Jimmy yeah hey Kleber
he said I was I'm from that area right
like around half hill okay yeah it's not
looking good your family okay not but
you know you're certainly your village
has been sacked a few times oh sorry
about that
so you want to hop on a ship and head to
the coast and then head on over and up
and through I think that's I think
that's the plan he went by a little
Jimmy but I'm sure he wants to venture
out to the Seas now and I guess we
shouldn't have I guess we shouldn't have
left storm hell in the first place but
we couldn't have known that so I went
back to see why I think it's good that
we went and gave him the
helmet yeah yeah okay yeah I think
that's the play okay
so limp to try and sum up here and do
correct me if I'm wrong
the idea is to rescue Joris and then
find a way to defeat Cal vicious the
idea I think the idea is we're gonna go
back and I'm just speaking totally out
of character here we're gonna go back to
storm hi I'm try to negotiate with the
Queen to do some kind of trade or
transaction like we we do something for
her to win Joris is freedom and then we
get Joris and that should kind of like
help progress the story hopefully to the
like maybe us interacting and trying to
stop vicious in some way because Joris
has lost copper he'll write he will be
motivated to solve this vicious problem
and we're hoping like maybe that leads
into a bigger storyline right okay cool
I think it's fair to say yeah let's go
correct
get your ass and then yeah it seems like
the most hmm does that sound reasonable
close oh that does sound reasonable okay
at least from a you know out of
character perspective without knowing
what's gonna happen yeah
okay so I feel like you want to talk to
Jimmy right see if he'll see if Jimmy
wants to stop being a little river
pirate and so being a sea pirate sure
you get you head on down to the docks
you have fine little Jimmy in the barb
and sure enough there's a bouncer there
giant guy that like fills the entire
doorway he's got this massive belly
these thick arms like tree posts he's
covered in body hair you so hairy you
could tell even through the shirt like
he's a sort of hairy where his hairs
they pull him through his clothes and
he's just greeting in the doorway the
name's captain Barbeau V Captain Bob oh
uh yeah I don't usually tell people but
he
you through hey these are my forensic as
well do you guys come in to I mean this
has got to be like pirate heaven it is a
debaucherous place of scantily clad male
and female servers and all manner of
compromising situation serving people
way too much booze and everyone is as
people passed out in the corner
at the place reeks of stale ale and all
sorts of different smokes it's just it's
a disgusting rancid party place my kind
of place little Jimmy you've got a quite
a fine establishment here little Jimmy's
unconscious he's drunk
ambassador well I guess I'm gonna have
to wait for him to wake up yeah in the
meantime I bet I play my bagpipes Oh
[Music]
play my lute with his bagpipes oh yeah
let's do it do it
yes I love it give me performance checks
time for the NAT one oh my god is good
a natural 20 let's go the bagpipes start
in then the loot comes in and the
bagpipes pick up and the loop picks up
and they play together well and I think
you guys naturally fall into a jaunty
pirate tune and before you know it the
entire bar is swinging back and forth
singing the same old song that people
only know the one verse of and they just
sing it over and over and over again in
fact I need willpower checks or wisdom
checks from the entire party my wisdom
check I need a wisdom check or saving
throw or whatever a sick yeah all right
you guys pass you don't get so swept in
it that you all get drunk and pass out
you can keep your cool you can keep your
[ __ ] together
gosh I'm so cool right now that was so
neat pearl where did you learn music
well you know I picked up this pair of
bagpipes and then
it just kind of went from there and you
know to be honest that was like the
first time it actually worked every
other time has been not great well you
must have been practicing a lot because
that sounded really good to me I mean
that's a musician myself well thank you
I think maybe I just got really lucky on
the that time do you wanna go grab a
drink with me
yes pirate bar got it okay do you just
play anything in that I have my ways
okay I go to get a drink with pearl sure
you guys walk on up to the table there
is an extremely busty woman that's got
everything propped up and shoved in your
face that leans heavily over stairs you
both in the eye back and forth and says
what'll it be loves I I think we'll both
take a drink and then I wait you have
orange juice
I sure juice we'll have two glasses of
orange juice please
she pours you each of beer comes on over
grabs you by the head and shoves it into
her cleavage and knocks your head back
and forth like roughly and then pushes
your head back puts the drink in your
hand and like pours it towards your
mouth oh no it all over again welcome to
part of the tavern and says for silver
oh we know little Jimmy put it on his
tab you're just gonna put things on
little Jimmy's tab are you yeah
Rudo we got someone over here and out
comes a peg leg man out towards where
you are he eyes the two of you and he
gives a nod and goes I it's fine
that's captain barb oh you can put
anything on Jimmy's back and you guys
put it on his tab and sit down and have
your drink I gave this to get like
foreigner gold once does okay it was the
investment now I get the abuse right so
she gave us beer and not orange juice
right and I'm just sipping in there this
doesn't taste like cheese but okay
definitely not our orange juice I think
we we've been had I'll go up to them put
my arms around him you have to drink it
now or it'll be extremely rude I don't
like alcohol that's life you ordered a
drink at the bar this is going to help
me rise above being an intern yeah yeah
I think this is a test okay it's a test
you're right I wait wait pearl pearl um
don't like it too much we got a problem
with the last one on that one I'm not
chugging this already
sorry I would like to for the night ends
just quickly challenge the bouncer do a
quick arm wrestling contest ah so you do
like the arm wrestling contest oh well
you know it's just just to check it out
sure sure it's gonna be a best of three
and so we're gonna do opposed strength
checks
oh it's strange I just not acrobatics do
acrobatics or decks wrestling contests
all right give it to me oh you beat him
on the first one I kill me sure I got a
20 this is he sure that he wants to do
anymore does he think oh he's doubling
down he's surprised he underestimated
you you know you're the scrawny guy and
he's pretty strong so he was like uh
watch what I'll do this one for you no
teeth what the hell and so he like
straightens up in a seat
all right that's two out of three not
happy with that one
it's a bit of a match back and forth but
he eventually brings your hand to the
table it says C so a weak spot let's try
it again
would you say that I injured his arm
core in the last one we'll get a disavow
you know that just not happy oh yeah he
turns it around and cracks your hand
heavily on the table and chuckles Pat's
you heavily on the shoulder and says you
took one off me not a lot of people do
that yeah
thought I had you after one I'll throw
out yes throw him a smile think the day
passes eventually Jimmy wakes up the the
music changes to something a little less
repetitive and yeah wakes up kind of
stumbles over to you not hungover in the
slightest because that 13 year old
metabolism perfect Jimmy I got an offer
for you tell me you done being a river
pirate you want to be a seat by it yes
we need to make our way to near new fort
kind of near shelter would you want to
take us there and then you can uh ravage
the Seas give you a reason to go out he
looks back and forth at you for a little
bit new fort yeah
where's that uh air donea kind of near
the flora if you know that place no but
if you can show you it on a Mac I am
canapa ganas sir yeah my men will take
us there
fire cease I can navigate us then wait
I'm not in this conversation oh I can
navigate good then let's do it
okay can you relation C in navigation
stool Oh
he agrees to take you you'll set off in
the morning you know everyone's a little
drunk right now
and once everyone slept off their their
drinks he'll take you down the river
through the briny bay past [ __ ] port
around outlast and the crow log Ridge
down past the frost lands around the
coast through near bond unto Seir
pernicious on ferrous past my tava and
drop you off over here Jimmy to Rolla
navigator stools no I think this is
probably where we'll end for today cool
be best to bring on Stephens new
character before we set sail yes so if
there's anything else you want to do in
town let's do that if not let's just end
it here um do you anything you want to
sell anybody I'm good I'm gonna I've got
a bunch of new spells coming in from
Malachi uh we're still in Fenton I'm
gonna go grab a little Bobby sure I was
okay with you how was it little Bobby uh
he's got cuts all over him that's does
he look traumatized or is he like
excited exhausted but with sparkles in
his eyes cool um yeah you have a good
time
yes absolutely
can I join in cold yeah what he need it
for
I don't know but I want to spend it so
I'm a little afraid if you have gold on
you that people are gonna you know bug
you mess with you I'll just go to the
market and spend it right now then I'll
go with you let's go you can't even hold
on to it as I go with you so you could
pay for it all right you're headed to
the market with him he's really excited
and he just goes from place to place
looking at things ends up buying a fur
vest that will just fit him
okay thank you mini armor no no how much
was it it was a gold piece 100 copper
all right how much is the longsword
worth sorry the longsword with the gem
[Music]
longsword is twenty thousand copper so
two hundred gold alright little poppy we
got it
we gonna sell this sword I was letting
you hold on to it for a little bit but
um well I'll buy you another one this is
worth two hundred gold would you believe
it what's that in real money um
basically you can buy pretty much a boat
for that so it's probably more useful
that we buy a boat than a sword but I'll
buy you a new sword just for your size
to give zooms a little big and I'll buy
a nice sword worth twenty gold two
hundred sure let me see if there's a
vendor in town yeah actually if you're
in the market and you start looking
around for someone to hawk it to and
you're kind of carrying this knife sword
there is a weapon merchant nearby who
like snaps and tries to grab you the
engine and is trying like once oh so
he's interested in selling me this sword
yeah he wants to buy it off of you how
much you thinking hey hey this is a
lovely piece it looks fantastic it's
great in fact I like it a lot yeah yeah
I'll give you fifteen thousand for it
fifteen thousand really fifteen thousand
copper I'll kind of scoff at it and said
to walk away what are you doing hey hey
hey come back come back no one else is
gonna buy that from you I you think I'd
come to fend in to sell my wares I'm not
really interested for fifteen thousand
copper oh well what are you gonna do
with it then huh
you're just gonna get mugged if you
carry it around better to turn it into
liquid assets that are easier to hide
you know not really worried about
getting mugged I'll do it for twenty two
thousand copper No
I go to the city until over 25,000 fine
go sell it for 25 I will put his hands
up in the air
and I'll walk away all right I will buy
a wait hold on my young man near here
and does need a sword what kind of deal
can you make me for a very nice short
sword and I'll throw in this is uh
what's this uh the long sword I will
trade in the long sword and plus a short
sword and some gold so I want golden
destroy the jeweled long sword correct
for the short sword and gold like it's a
it's a double deal it's like a pawn shop
so they're gonna give me money and an
item and I'm gonna only give him the
item sure he will give you a short sword
and sixteen thousand copper for your
long sword um is it a really nice shorts
or does it look awesome yeah it's a
solid short sword it's well-balanced
it's got a nice edge to it is it
patrolled no it is not the jeweled give
me 17,000 short sword or 17,000 copper
and this short sword and I'll give you
this long time it's a deal
thank you alright a little Bobby now has
a short sword you have 17,000 copper in
gold so 170 gold and that's that let's
flip over to pearl pearl what do you
have anything you want to do before you
set sail um I'd like to talk to Gerald
please okay we're taking a walk a nice
little stroll through to town and I
asked hey Gerald can I ask you a
question well sure well I heard someone
mentioning it briefly before it but did
you guys used to travel with another
hmm another half lien let me think
well maybe you make a really really long
time ago but I think we are all like
sort of forgot about that because some
things didn't didn't quite go right and
what do you mean didn't quite go right
and can you um I'm sorry I'm just really
curious I want to write all these
stories down you know sure about my own
kind is super interesting
another halfling well there used to be
one actually perhaps he's still alive
yeah we had a there was a halfling with
it that we once traveled with he was
like like a I think he was like a member
of some kind of cult you know like a
group of people that are really crazy oh
yeah cool final results yeah we've
actually met two now and I think um I
think we used to have this weird guy
that like this is like a really long
time I think we had a guy that like
liked mushrooms a little bit and I think
he died and then after that the that
half Wayne disappeared never to be seen
again
wow it's really interesting thank you so
much I'd like to ask you a few more
questions you know along the road if you
don't mind I'd love to learn about your
history with you know your party seems
like you guys have gone through so much
and there's so much to tell you know
it's been a lot um I you know the other
we used to have this um it's been a lot
there was one named Locke and he was um
sometimes he was kind of a [ __ ] but he
walked his walked in and protected us
all and so that most of us most of us
would not fall I think Locke once he
died he before he and Barbeau you know
they used to do most of the the talking
and Midori and I would just sort of go
along with it and so I I kind of you
know just know with all the stories too
and I guess it has been a lot yes we've
been on a long adventure now
I see and locking midori are your
friends who've passed away right I don't
know if I was ever much of a friend with
luck I think by the end he he trusted me
because I was uh I was competent you
know I was able I had proved that I
could protect the party and hold my own
I wasn't much you know was just a gnome
trying to roam and find a new home and
in this world but I couldn't do much but
in time I grew to be more powerful and I
think Locke and I had that understanding
my I was I would like to say that I was
Midori's friend though yes I see all
right Thank You gerald if I have any
questions I'll make sure to go to you
okay and maybe we have some instruments
together again we should and and purl
don't don't don't you worry too much
about barb oh you know he gets carried
away and he's a little silly but you're
gonna I think you're gonna be just fine
here and you'll be real happy
sometimes things are gonna get a little
more crazy than they were today even
though this was about like magical
horses and teleporting things and that
that what that was it's gonna get
dangerous you know and you're gonna have
to be ready you think Brad um do you
think Brad also mourns the losses of his
friends do you think that's why he's
acting like that maybe he's not ready to
talk about it yet and we should ask him
sometime I don't know I think there's
been so much going on that we just
haven't even been able to stop and think
about our fallen friends all right I
won't ask any further thanks gerald I
really appreciate it
yes I'm looking forward to the
adventures and stories that we'll do
together Earl all these stories that you
write down maybe now you can actually be
a part of them in your own story I
wouldn't mind that at all hey and then
that's I wanted to do before you left
um I I actually think I'm good dad I
stuff there's nothing I'm good I'll uh
I'll run over to Little Jimmy real quick
and then say like thank you for
everything greatness and thanks for
paying off my small
Tabb I ran up at the tavern up here and
I'll throw him a 50 gold for a the trip
and its various niceness
he takes it gives you a stirred nod says
he'll put his very best pilot on it and
he'll get his rowers ready to go
it's Jimmy coming with us though Oh
totes yeah yeah he's just a little too
small to see over the helm yet oh it was
like a shop that I sold it's you right
what a sword yes in the market square
yeah the markets where did it was like a
closed shop where you close up for the
day and you just like leaves his waves
inside already they look like you took a
[ __ ] back inside sort of shop where you
you bring your stuff out sell it and
then take whatever you back to your
abode yeah the end of the day I want to
just you know see where he goes
but I kind of stuff Aaliyah see where he
goes you head back to the Market Square
and that shopkeeper has already left
[Music]
yeah well one more thing Oh Gerald
before we pie yeah I ran as inside my
bag I take out the Midori's ribbon and I
give it to him here I think this
belonged to your friend I think you'd
find more use for it than than me how
did you find this um it I you should
just take it oh okay I I will
I bet you guys are really good friends
yeah you know IIIi think I'm the only
one left from the original I'm the
original the original time here old I'm
gonna give you something it was from I
have a I have a little wooden ball from
the old like temple of all those traps
where we got the vampire and to my
inventory I'm here pearl this is
something that doesn't look like much
but this is something that we had when
we were all
together and maybe it'd be good if you
kept it are you sure you want to give
this to me yeah I think you should look
over it we still don't know quite what
it does but maybe it maybe sometime
it'll come in handy
thanks gerald I'll take good care of it
I'll put on my back what put some let's
take it off huh
I'm gonna add Midori's ribbon to my
inventory and I'll put it I'll put it in
my pocket of my cloak in front all right
did give a little Bobby is little short
sword about it for me sure sure
and I think that is where we're gonna
end it for the night good one
destiny thanks Steven your your new
character was awesome man thanks you
know I try yeah all right what do we got
four shutouts do you want to give us any
hints or kind of get that give what you
got to give me something message me a
hint so I can know when the after show
it's gonna be top secret graphic
designers out there who can make us a
new set up with the news I'm already
don't wait don't wait Lily I contacted
the guy and I'll get him to do the photo
shopper because I know it's so hard for
you to do it's okay it's alright I know
that it's really hard for you to do it
you know it's not like you're an artist
or anybody that actually professionally
and it's these types of things so it's
alright I should be able to do it don't
worry you know what really who did it
what oh I think she cut out oh thank god
you're Mike here Mike just heaven you
know what actually steal the episode was
way better before you've got to give me
you got to give me at least a hint no
he's done what do you mean for the after
show I don't have to give any hints for
the after show you talking about what
you want you're such a colossal dick
sometimes
I just don't want to give away anything
right you literally don't budge an inch
on it really Steve was a kid yourself
you know it walks on what do you guys
have a shovel
you know what do you guys have to shout
out at the end of her show you go sad
I'm so over this guy man the guy [ __ ]
kills himself and then walks off a clip
and afks for two hours doesn't even give
us a hand on the next character alright
we're gonna do the after-show
I'm Devon - twitch.tv slash Devon - I do
an after-show episode 16 we'll talk
about what happened we'll do a whole
recap for the episode for you guys that
came in that were not here for all of it
this was I had like literally like two
pages of all the crazy stuff that
happened Real Talk thanks this is Steven
the hell spit on this show Chloe boo the
DM that does it thank you guys for doing
that and that's where I'll be so come to
come to that channel for the after show
afterwards yeah [ __ ] me and Lily well
that was my shout out you guys get
shadows now okay I don't know why I'm
doing this this is cringe as [ __ ] but I
got an email from a young fan and she
wants me to tell her boyfriend okay
doll teal that she loves you very much
and that she supports everything you do
I got a log want me to read that there
you go okay oh that's what you got for
today they're members of the cringe crew
you're a nice person for doing max -
thank you that's the only one I'm doing
if you email me anything else I don't
care how many different campuses you've
got I'm not reading them right there you
go
if you want more visit my youtube
youtube.com slash german i run another
DNA campaign and put all the other
episodes up on there that's my only
shadow so please subdue it trying to
make twitch streaming youtube of things
don't wait oh I heard that nevermind oh
you heard it run will eat eat you for
everything thank you for watch it that
existed branding and I'm gonna hop in
your after show for a little bit please
do that'd be great boy do you have
anything else you wanna shout out
did you have anything else you don't
have any other shows you're doing sooner
yeah we got stuff tomorrow we got more
mouths of fur I'm dicing with death he's
a weird necromancer who's up in Gaede
yeah okay how are we oh can I borrow you
for like five minutes after this so I
can ask you I've got some questions just
about character to see what there's a
lot of definitely okay and then um next
Wednesday are you all gonna be here yeah
yep I've never missed a show all 100%
are you gonna be here you're gonna be I
haven't bought tickets head for
twitchcon so if all of you will be here
I'll make sure that mine are good switch
con for what you Berlin yeah oh yeah is
that next week it's sometime around
there like the 13th on I'll be on you
Manning it's with coy everyone's that it
sir are you going to are you going to
switch Connie you Steven yeah okay okay
that's cool so wait so you're not gonna
be here next Wednesday I can be if all
of you are here I can I haven't booked
my tickets here so I can get them like
around that time as long as you guys are
gonna be here uh yeah I will be here a
hundred percent Lily do you have any
like twitch rival stuff really no no I'm
on the up you okay sorry [ __ ] I said
this horrible goblin cold okay thanks a
lot
hopefully we'll be here next time they
say you next time unless Stevie as well
I'm aware Lilly has stretch rivals or a
koi boo gets too drunk again or any
other number of things you guys all
right thanks for joining us guys see you
next week
