okay what do you want buddy what's good
what's really good man hang on tap how
you doing I'm good I'm good
so are you caught up to speed on the
Jesse smell that story
nope I heard about it and it sounded
really boring what is it sounded really
boring John Smolin Congo and Sudan jammy
29 2018 small alleged cetera
Streeterville neighborhood in which was
an issue of us gotta hate trying police
sources a later alleged orchestrated the
attack of South Llano police whose hike
receives from Berlin by two minutes six
ski masks and made original folders
using hands feet clinics tent really
special police in two suspects that
poured a ton and liquid on small and put
a new sentence next Mullen said he
fought them off he was admitted to
Northwestern were lost when I'm serious
and your new skills in good condition
later that morning hold on let me read
this
okay go for it go for it you know
I mean I could tell you but you know you
know I love to rant on on stories and
it's very long rat how about I fill in
the blanks for you so about two weeks
ago the news came down that justice
Millette what was involved in a alleged
hate crime the media went full on that
he was attacked by the initial story
which really got blown it by TMZ said he
was attacked by two white men with
megawhatts
and ski mats they beat him up they
called him the f-word the n-word they
wrapped a noose around his neck they
poured bleach on him and as they ran
away they yelled out this is Magga
country now this happened at around 2:00
a.m. and Chicago Illinois is in the
middle of the polar vortex and that
evening was a Wednesday the combined
with the windchill would have been
negative 23 degrees
okay so TMZ runs that story everyone
gets all crazy about it Dolan says from
other members of the Empire casts lee
daniels was the first to post a photo of
jesse from a FaceTime call okay so the
media the media like reported this and
it as a being false wait so what about
this
well we didn't now so here are two weeks
and some days later now it is turning
into which is believed to be a false
story but the entire narrative for the
time being was that two white men in
Maggie hats cloak Pro Trump supporters
read up a gay black man in downtown
Chicago okay in one of the most liberal
areas you know there is in the country
what's really interesting about it
during the time frame where we're
reaching up to the point today is that
the area in Chicago where the ad is
highly surveilled there's video cameras
everywhere
and it didn't really make a lot of sense
when it led up to Jesse's own social
media reports or his postings
he complained about his flight being
late well I get I get it it's fake as
fake we already have that establishment
so what about it well so what really
comes down to today
so during the same timeframe Jesse's the
close friends with caramel Harris I
believe Carmela and Cory Booker were
pushing a new bill for an anti-lynching
bill okay that Jesse wasn't supportive
and they used this as part of the
incidents and why this bill would be
necessary to be pushed through Congress
well turns out the whole thing's fake in
fact they have Cory Booker today on
video where he refuses to acknowledge
he's like oh I just saw this one I'm
gonna wait to the entire reports hour
you know but originally they were fully
well you know willing to go with yes
this happened this is factual this is
that seems very reasonable by book or no
I would probably once so starts coming
out that it might be fake I would
probably chill on making any comments
until everything is out no sure yes
absolutely I think not everyone is up on
the story you know so yes if you're just
passively listening to it you're like
yeah I want to wait but I don't think
that's really fair in the case that and
I hate to make this will ya I'm gonna go
ahead and do it for the sake of doing it
you know when it comes to like a
progressive or conservative issue or a
left or right you know when stories like
this these very grand iasts
fantastic stories come out people
generally pick a side whether it's
what's-her-name who was accusing
Cavanaugh I'm Rebecca yeah yeah burger
Ford you know if he was like hey well
you know she said it happened so it must
have happened right okay yeah or I'm
very uncomfortable by the way equating
this to Rebecca for its testimony would
go up at all at it okay then I won't
equate that but I'm giving that as an
example where people will hear a story
and only get the soundbite or the
headline and then immediately say yes
this person said it well you know like
the hashtag believe all women
all right okay you know that's a thing
that's going around you know that you
can't question Oh Christine fine if you
like for it I'm sorry so what's our
what's the point what are we getting -
well here we are with a person who is of
a marginalized group he's black he's gay
he has a great amount of status he's on
a highly rated show on Fox okay
and he's been very vocal in his hate for
the current administration I've been
very vocal in his support for his his
community and he has if anything has
made it extremely difficult for people
beyond this who might be in similar
situations to be believed and I think
this incident really hurts him not only
him I mean his career is basically over
but this hurts like real victims you
know and the fact that you know we had
12 detectives of Chicago police
department and allegedly four FBI agents
working on this simultaneously to try to
get this whole I understand this is
really bad what is where we ultimately
going with this he faked the story it
was really bad yeah where are we getting
at the end here well I think part of the
question should be asked is so the
target of his of the incident was that
white Trump supporters are the ones who
committed this against him okay and
should we question if people on the
right why Trump supporters or any Trump
supporters are they like the new
boogeyman are they the new you know
focus of any time something goes wrong
or anytime something happens to somebody
especially of a marginalized group do we
just blame it on white people do we
blame it on transport do we blame it on
the right because the lines are bad
story no I don't think so
no this isn't one bad story this isn't
this has happened before it wasn't a
couple weeks ago that uh yeah with the
bit okay so two bad stories so well not
to weigh more than two how many times
have like false narratives come up about
like mega hash I know that there was
like the the coverage initially of those
the kids at the one place it was pretty
bad
initial reports sure and then this
sounds like this guy completely and
totally made this out which is bad right
yeah well we also have the the black
individual that sprayed swastikas all
over a synagogue a couple uh like I've
got two months ago he turned out you
know they blamed it on Trump supporters
and I go see Trump's rhetoric of hate is
it in bolding people to go out and Trump
doesn't have a rhetoric of hate but it's
possible that people are hamming it up
too much sure yes wait so I don't
understand what suppose to take from
those I mean faking crimes or faking
news is really [ __ ] bad nobody should
ever do this but I don't know why this
would make me change my stance on Trump
or anything Trumpets no I'm not trying
to change your stance and it's not my
goal in no way is that my goal to like
change your stance I'm bringing up the
conversation that has has the mag a hat
has conservatives or just you know
quote-unquote white men now become the
boogeyman when people want to push
something out as more than what it is I
mean to some extent probably I mean the
same way that Obama was a boogeyman for
the right yeah I mean people tend to
rally around recognizable leaders and
figures and then rally around people
that support them yeah yeah and I think
this is anything new or anything like
Jesus Christ I think every single person
that ever talked to Obama was accused of
being a terrorist
our current president by the way was one
of the leaders of the the idea that
Obama wasn't even born in the US so it's
kind of hard like if you ever think
about fake news I mean Trump and stuff
also invented a terrorist attack not
just like a single incident but
literally invented that whatever what
was it called what was the Kellyanne
Conway statement about the fake
terrorist attack that never happened or
the last night in Sweden [ __ ] I mean
yeah this [ __ ] happens quite a bit it's
all really bad yeah
I'm not aware of that particular
incident up speaking of which I'm glad
you brought up the whole birther thing
all the bowling-green Massacre sorry
yeah
go ahead I'm not aware of that one but
I'll look it up at a later date but I'll
go ahead and believe you sure but the
birther movement yes it was Trump out
there every day on various news sites
questioning if Obama had been born in
the United States I laughed at it myself
every you know other day where he was on
CNN or MSN and I was like okay you know
I didn't care one way the other if they
told me he was born in the US territory
I'm like alright fine that's the end of
it um I I'm just gonna I'm not saying I
believe this but this is something
that's been thrown out allegedly in
stormy Daniels book they had spent a
night together and after they had done
whatever they were doing
she says that Trump took a call from
Hillary Clinton and that something along
the lines I can't say verbatim but
something along the lines of they were
talking about something that was going
on and either she said or Trump said our
plan is going as as expected or
something and I do remember when Hillary
Clinton was asked do you believe that
Barack Obama was born or in the United
States or it was that he was a Muslim
and she didn't give a straight answer um
she said something interesting well as
far as I know which isn't a definitive
of course he's you know American or of
course he's Christian or whatever might
be and I have to go back and look at
that clip again but I remember there was
a a hesitation and not a very clear you
know assertion that either she believed
he was born American or that he wasn't
Christian or was Christian as he claimed
as he says he is and is but what I'm
getting at is is it possible since
Hillary Clinton and Trump have been
friends for many many years is it
possible that as a as a favor to her he
went through the media cycles for those
many many months on her behalf because
since she was actively running she
couldn't get away with that kind of
rhetoric so he was doing it for her and
they gave him tons of time air time to
make those false claims started to say
like is it possible I don't know Trog
has literally been incapable of keeping
anything from anyone about any
how many people in his campaign have
flipped on him have been locked up what
was men afford suggest in 24 years in
prison
I don't rock or stone facing prison time
now [ __ ] uh what's the same Cohen I
think is already at four years is in
prison now like no I don't think that
Trump would have been able to hide a
massive conspiracy to push something and
if this was happening I don't think he
would take a random call from Hillary
while there's somebody else in the room
to discuss it wait you think he's smart
enough to not take a call from someone
who's [ __ ] delight talk to Hillary
Clinton I don't think that he's stupid
right I think Trump is stupid I don't
think Hillary would work with Trump on
something like this because I think
Hillary Clinton is very politically like
knowledgeable I don't think that she
would do something this [ __ ] stupid
there is so much risk here why would you
ever invite like if this were to get out
it would destroy like the whole Clinton
legacy why would they ever risk that
well then it comes down to do we believe
stormy Daniels or not so well hold on I
don't even know what stormy Daniels said
I'm trying to look this up and it said
the two were watching Shark Week in
hotel room and allegation she previously
made when she writes up a phone call mr.
Chopra see from Hillary Clinton which he
had not yet publicly spoken about at the
time miss Clinton was running against
Barack Obama for the Democratic
nomination for the presidency it was
allegedly calling Trump to discuss the
campaign then to make it crazy Hillary
Clinton called miss Daniel rights he had
a whole conversation about the race
repeatedly mentioning our plan I mean I
don't know that sounds really vague to
me like right so listen I'm not saying
it's true all right but you know and
it's whether you believe her or not you
can know but I don't even know she said
this what do you mean it's not about
believing is for me I don't know she
made the claims that you said that she's
making also to the person your chat this
guy's an idiot Clinton legacy Clinton
was president for eight years in Hillary
Clinton was Secretary of State that's a
massive political legacy and if you
don't see that you are so [ __ ] stupid
sorry that was for Amy go ahead okay
whether you like him or not I mean they
obviously have a massive pool attend the
President of the United States for two
terms even one term that's a massive
political legacy of course but Saigon
yeah yeah of course yes Donald Trump
made false claims false accusations for
months if I'm not weeks or months yeah
oh we're years four years pretty sure
even after the election was over Trump
was still leading this birther thing
yeah I think you know I'm just saying
yes he did it I'm not denying that he
did well obviously not denying they did
it I'm just saying his reasoning behind
it and the only person that had
benefited was the person he's running
against which was Hillary Clinton and
they were best friends but hey this is
like a letters like we're like an Alex
Jones level of conspiracy I don't know
like listen I'm willing to admit it's
pure accusation it is it is the it is a
crazy assumption it's cute to think
about and we will never know unless
somebody decides well I'm pretty sure
that a trap was involved in it we'd
probably know about it because it seems
like every other [ __ ] thing he's ever
done has gotten completely leaked to
everybody so you think he would tell
either now or at a later date that yeah
I worked with Hillary Clinton during her
campaign against Barack Obama - yeah
he's literally said this in debates
before he's literally said I didn't he
literally sang one of the debates that
he went to their wedding that he's
literally had conversations with these
Democrats and our good friends of them
he's yeah he said some multiple times
no I'm saying do you think he would
admit that entire narrative of yeah tear
apart the Democratic Party yeah sure why
wouldn't end agenda going to hillary
yeah he said he would change laws to
lock her up
why wouldn't he admit something like
that man I I remember that night during
the debate raised you know yeah under my
goj you in prison he 100% would say this
it would be completely and totally
consistent with everything he's done
yeah I don't think Trump would hide this
even if he wanted to I don't think he
would have the discipline to do he would
have tweeted it or something by now yeah
I don't know you might be right
I just I don't know I don't know
entirely I don't know if he has I think
he would have the discipline to keep it
quiet okay he hasn't been able to keep
anything else under wraps [ __ ] porn
stars behind his wife's back that leaked
tape about the [ __ ] [ __ ] like I mean
wait no no he kept that quiet other
people brought that out
that's my point he isn't able to like
work within the realm of things to keep
anything quiet like this conspiracy
between the Clinton campaign and Trump
would have involved more people like the
I don't think he would have been able to
keep anything like this under wraps the
fact that he's having this conversation
with stormy Dan was ignorance I'm sure
he's had it with other people yeah okay
let's run with this hypothetical for a
moment that you're saying that it would
have leaked out and might have been
involved more people if this this
hypothetically if this were true
what if it was just a between two
friends okay I'm getting killed in the
polls by this dude I mean it's totally
possible but Trump is said and done so
many other completely [ __ ] stupid
things that it would be far more
consistent and simpler I'm gonna invoke
Occam's razor here a little bit to just
say that oh this is just consistent with
all of trumps prior behavior well I
don't need a conspiracy to explain him
going hard on the birther movement like
it's pretty easy to believe given all
the other dumb [ __ ] that he said yeah
like why would he continue to go under
the birther [ __ ] for years and years
while Hillary was literally the
Secretary of State like wow
in what world does that make sense to
continue on the attack what can you say
that again like after Hillary was
Secretary of State and Obama's president
who's already out her way why the Trump
didn't continue this through a [ __ ] like
he I know he did years into Obama's
presidency I don't know if it was under
the second term but like I know that he
did this for years and years even while
Obama was president why would he still
do it if he was just doing as a favor to
Hillary if I had to give a theory on why
he'd continue to do it cuz they gave him
airtime oh yeah [ __ ] also that's true
too I keep forgetting how old [ __ ] how
old I am did Trump even take up this
birther movement during the election
season when didn't Trump start the
birther thing like in the early 2010's
like in 2011 I don't think he was
running yeah if I'm not mistaken hold on
am I an idiot I thought Obama was
president in 2008 am I wrong yes
so I don't think they had Democrats ran
Hillary against Obama for a second term
right no no not during the second term
no so Trump bringing up the birther
movement in 2011 is never gonna help
Hillary because she already ran if I had
to guess why he continued to run it well
no like I don't think he even started
until like 2011 I don't think he was
talking about the birther step in like
2006 or whatever or 2007 before the
election yeah I don't think he was
talking about the cycle no I don't think
he was talking about it earlier I think
this would came like 2011 uh I'm sure we
can look at Google Trends to see when
the term birther started trending
earliest Donald Trump Obama birther
remarks okay so there is Barack Obama's
citizenship conspiracy theories I'm just
on the wiki for this okay in 2010 at the
urging of Donald Trump's lawyer Michael
Kahn the National I began promoting a
potential Trump presidential campaign
with Cohen's involvement the tablet B of
questioning Obama's birthplace and
citizenship in March 2011 during a navy
on Good Morning America Donald Trump
said he was seriously considered running
for president that he was skeptical of
Obama citizenship so it seems like he
didn't even start this until 2010 2011
so this is way after the Hillary had
even ran win was so ballin was Trump
with stormy Daniels I don't know the
date when did Trump [ __ ] stormy Daniels
timeline 2006
when did that end because of legislature
would with you together for quite some
time first what's been alleged 2006
affair but allowed to go play over that
seems I don't know but apparently 2006
is when it started yeah I mean I don't
know this just seems to be like a crazy
like this is like super conspiracy like
if they were working together he would
have publicly stated this stuff or way
earlier than 2011 cuz I don't think it
would and yes yes it's conspiracy theory
is it's you know but I don't I don't
think it would come out with it if it
was if if it was just a conversation
between him and Hillary Clinton and
she's like yo could you just help me out
for a bit it's like yeah yeah you know
I'll make the rounds you know and drum
up some support for you is yes expiry or
theory yes possible maybe I don't know I
mean I'll admit that it's you know far
more likely to assume that they were
talking about like a campaign
contribution or something like that or
some other type of then yeah but yeah
okay alright what's the original point
why are we so outraged over the fake
story er well I think we definitely
should be outraged over this story I
mean I understand you don't care about
it cuz it's you know kind of pop culture
and stuff and it's not really in your
will well I get really really upset when
okay so being black in America life's
hard for me you know it just is I try
not to let it get me down but you know
it is what it is hmm and because life is
already hard and difficult when I'm
faced with racism or other sorts of isms
out there I try to dust that [ __ ] off my
shoulder so when people come out there
and say that pretty but I guess I'm
getting at I hate victimhood mentality
can't stand it because there are real
incidents out there that people suffer
from and when someone goes out of their
way to be I'm not necessarily saying
that just smell it was being a
professional victim but when they focus
on being a victim in the victimhood
mentality
it doesn't do us any good especially
when I look at other cultures that focus
on their accomplishments and is like the
Jewish people
they focus on their accomplishments and
like how great they can be as as a
community rather than the white man's
keeping me down America's keep me down
you know bankers are keep me down can't
wait we've got like a duality here can't
we do both can't we say that like yeah
but why did it always seems like
reactionaries are always pushing like
really hard to only go in one direction
I can't we simultaneously say like hey
we should all strive to you better while
also recognizing hey other people kind
of [ __ ] us in the past isn't that
possible it is possible but we don't we
don't we the the far more the focus is
on what people have done to us rather
than what we can do for ourselves you
don't think people ever try to better
themselves or focus on uplifting
themselves or like when you talk about
like financing education or a prison
reformer whatever people are never like
thinking of how they could make things
better for people like you know I always
love to use the analogy like do you know
any successful people that complain I
complain all the time and I consider
myself pretty successful people complain
all the time but I understand the point
you're getting out I'm being facetious
or I'm being obtuse right yeah typically
people will succeed in spite of
something rather than blaming you know
there are circumstances on other things
sure and it hurts me that a person of
the caliber of justice Millette
who and in spite of being black in spite
of being gay or whatever issues he's had
to endure throughout his life spent a
considerable amount of effort to bring
up this this fake story that took
resources away from the Chicago Police
Department as well as the FBI that could
have been used to actually solving real
crimes or bringing justice to real
victims who've been hurt or demean or
you know in some way within that city
and he sent us all on a wild goose chase
for what sympathy this man doesn't need
sympathy he's successful people love
them okay
I get if you're not really into it you
nobody care if you haven't been really
up on it I mean I've been on the story
since then well no like so like the
problem is that like people the problem
that I have is like this is bad and it
pushes it bad narrative but people will
hijack this or hijack your message you'd
be like oh look all the blacks all the
Dems they fake this [ __ ] hate crime
sure there's not actually real hate
crime in America like we're gonna talk
for 10 [ __ ] weeks about how horrible
it is that the Dems faked this one thing
we
ignoring the fact that Trump has
literally faked terrorist attacks has
literally done this exact same thing
remember that shooting in Canada at the
mosque where he initially blamed a
Muslim for doing it and then the story
came out change and he didn't even
recognize that he was wrong in issues I
remember yeah your remember you're
talking about wasting money and
resources now because of a bad report
which did happen and is bad but did
anybody talk about the fact that Trump
literally tried to throw together a
panel to investigate at legal immigrants
voting and that turned up absolutely
nothing it was disbanded like how much
money did that waste you know I mean
fake news is bad
I shouldn't say fake news but people
that like make these like fake reports
are definitely bad and personally I'm
sure your room can correct me if I'm
wrong didn't they find out that fifty
eight thousand did know the Trump panels
on absolutely nothing that's why he said
nothing and disbanded it absolutely
found nothing about it we're not getting
that number from I think Texas a few
weeks ago released something about a
thousand people but then yeah but then
it came out later and I don't know with
with the current status is I came out
later the report was like well hold on
initially it sounded like they said
eighty thousand people that were
unregistered voted well now it's like
well hold on it was actually eighty
thousand of the things might possibly be
mismatched and they walked that back
really hard and I don't know what the
current status is of that an
investigation is but if again mm-hmm I
don't have it in front of me but yeah so
it was eighty thousand that were
registered and then I think fifty
thousand of those registered they
actually matched to having signed up or
a check remember correctly it's
something that like going it's something
that I'm not comfortable commenting on
because I know it's ongoing
like yeah because because it's
definitely ongoing also breaking news is
[ __ ] cancer and I think that it is
something an absolution be and I call it
everybody that does this even people on
the left I got into a huge disagreement
over Hassan [ __ ] about the whatever
black shooting or whatever I think
breaking news is [ __ ] cancer I don't
think ever [ __ ] report on breaking
news anybody everybody that obsesses
over that should trying to figure out
like two minutes after a shooting the
[ __ ] native birth mother of like a
random person was like absolute [ __ ]
cancer sure what happened in a row you
didn't hear it shut up real quick I
heard there was a shooting but
don't again I never follow breaking news
because it's [ __ ] cancer I don't know
what happened some black dude got fired
and shot up the place I mean that's
pretty much the gist of it but and and I
was to be honest you know I'm just gonna
be honest had it been a white guy with a
ar-15 we'd still be talking about today
for the next couple weeks that's
absolutely not true
it is true if I've been a white guy
whatever we stop talking about the Vegas
shooting in like a week and that was
like over 500 people injured remember
when the group of white people took over
federal land in the United States and
pointed guns at federal offices we stop
talking about that in like four or five
days like that we understand why they
run up there take that [ __ ] back that'd
make no sense to me sure but I'm saying
like yeah we stopped talking about like
all shoe because it should happen so
often here we always stop talking about
that [ __ ] like pretty [ __ ] soon after
I would argue that we were they were
still talking about the Vegas shooting
for at least three weeks I mean like it
gets brought up like every now and then
but the coverage like the Waldwick
coverage whatever no I don't think it
was that extreme like pretty quickly
after that I was surprised at how
quickly like a month later I was like
damn we've moved on that [ __ ] real fast
that was an extremely [ __ ] crazy
shooting I was I go for [ __ ] I think
over 300 people actually had like a
bullet wound in that and it was like 600
injured or something yeah yeah but I
think we moved on from that like pretty
quickly like with a final report and we
don't know yeah mm-hmm I'm sorry so 422
injured by gunfire 851 non-fatal
injuries altogether like so I mean I
think yeah I think in general I don't
think that like the media moves on
because it doesn't fit its narrative
like how much coverage is this recent
Democrat thing gotten I even look at
this cuz I don't carry so little the
about the ant the anti-semitic comments
that like to see whatever who the [ __ ]
made whatever like people been covering
that [ __ ] a lot too right I don't know
yeah whatever yeah so I mean I don't
think Jews yeah I don't think this idea
that like I don't think this idea like
oh well we just don't cover because
they're black I don't think that's
necessarily true like I would just no I
think they covered that pretty
extensively from at least my feed was
filled with it you know it's trending on
Twitter
CNN even spent quite I think they spent
two days
yeah like at the end of the day the
media is to meet like people act like
there's some giant conspiracy in the
media the reality is the media [ __ ] in
America because it's all for profit like
and if there's something that's
sensational they're gonna [ __ ] report
it like this today what
Gawker was the first publication to pay
their reporters based off of clicks okay
and that the reason why Gawker got
turned into such trash is you know or
the headlines were just so crazy because
they're whether they're writers and
bloggers and so forth realize if I come
up with these Grandia stories if I come
up with this crazy insane [ __ ] people
will click on it and I'll get a bonus
sure and I believe the the owner at the
time after two years ago okay stop stop
guys stop this [ __ ]
real quick I'm actually curious because
I haven't looked into this that it was
Alma we're all Mars comments actually
anti-semitic bigger like cuz you just
said she hates or he hates Jews or
whatever saying she she she hates Jews
okay
are they definitively anti-semitic I
think that is up to interpretation and
I'm being fair I'm being very fair do I
believe she doesn't like Jewish people
yes
can somebody link me what we're we're
we're actually her anti-semitic comments
I'm actually curious she has an issue
well she has an issue with Israel she's
made various comments about Israel and I
would argue this and yes this is gonna
be a crazy comment but I'm just gonna
say some people asked is it okay to your
career to silence the Israeli government
and not criticize Jewish people and I
would ask well is it okay to criticize
the Mexican government without at the
same time criticizing Mexicans and
obviously you can wait hold on okay okay
this is kind of complicated because
first of all the answer is definitely
yes yes you can but like Mexicans for me
yeah Mexican is used in a different way
kind of than Jewish is used
we're like technically the people living
in the United States oh [ __ ]
equate is the comments of Israel and
Jewish people just as combined as what's
the word I'm looking for I'm just
thinking like Jewish people can
literally be like a like a Jewish person
is Jewish even if they're born in
America or like a Jewish family even or
that like religiously Jewish so like
that's different than like a Mexican
national person born in Mexico is like a
Mexican per like that's a different type
of thing right yeah so I'm super curious
on what Omar's comments were about Jews
though I really really really want to
see these comments no because I'm now
I'm wondering if she even said anything
into symmetrical if she was just
[ __ ] on Israel there's a tweet that
she came up with not too long ago she
said something in relation to the
Israeli government or said something
something Israel may Allah forced them
to see the error of their ways okay so
here is something GOP leader Kevin
McCarthy threatens punishment for Amy
Hahn MN and Rasheeda to leave over the
criticisms of Israel it's stunning how
much time us politically to spend
defending a foreign nation even it means
attacking free speech rights in America
and then Omar responded it's all about
the Benjamins baby I don't see anything
anti-semitic about that so no but this
is where interpretation comes down to I
can't remember the name of the rapper
but just a couple of weeks ago he was
saying uh you know I'm getting Jewish
money sure
and people put him put him to the coals
for that staying
I get Jewish money they were like what
do you mean and a lot of some people
said that those were offensive and he
goes what do you mean that's offensive
you guys my bankers Jewish to my lawyers
Jewish my managers Jewish he goes he
clarified his statement saying like I
see these people and they're very wise
with their money so I think it's a
compliment so when she said all about
the Benjamins I'm assuming that people
took this as a comment equating Jewish
people and money which some people find
offensive but yeah I don't know okay so
her original s Brielle has hypnotized
the world may Allah awaken the people
and help them see the evil doings of
Israel
this sounds hardcore like a dog was to
me I would just like this right yes so
and I think this is very very fair
example
of saying like yo this crystal let's use
saying what sorry I mean it's your
saying it sounds like a chocolate so I
agree yeah this is toy is from 2012 but
damn that's a that's deep I'm a little
biased I spend I have many many many
Jewish friends I spend Hanukkah every
year with my Jewish friends you know I
hear their interpretations of things at
in America and so forth so I'm a little
biased you know I'm not gonna pretend to
be an expert in any way shape or form
but I am very much in support of them
and their struggle here in America so
I'm just I'm throwing that out there
well hold on your comments are [ __ ]
crazy if this is 2012 it's a little
different I guess oh if I saw a tweet
like this today I would instantaneously
assume that this is like all right it
looks like all right rhetoric to me but
for but in 2012 an older person making
feel like us [ __ ] maybe it is a little
different
hold on no you are [ __ ] crazy man no
[ __ ] [ __ ] if Richard Spencer
wanted to tweet some [ __ ] like this
Israel is hypnotized this the problem is
this hypnotized the world thing like
really makes it sound like you're on
some like [ __ ] alt-right binge here
that Jews literally [ __ ] run the
world and that the that they're doing
evil deeds like [ __ ] that's what it
that's what it would read like today if
I read this today I would 100% assume
that in every single one of you would -
don't [ __ ] lie to yourself but if this
tweet is made by an older person in 2012
in regards to Israeli things I can be a
little bit more lenient towards it
especially seeing that their Muslim or
whatever and that this might like this
tweet is not part of the conversation
it's unrelated well what was the recent
tweet that sparked off she was so
there's a lobbyist group that spends
about 3 million a year in efforts
towards Israel and I'm not sure of the
details and the 3 million isn't a lot of
money in comparison with like also
Israel is like a huge talking point for
everyone in the u.s. even dem more
[ __ ] hardcore suck that [ __ ] off you
can't you every every political person
in the u.s. is like a hardcore boner for
[ __ ] Israel it's just a thing in u.s.
politics yeah and I apology tweet you
know listening and learning but you know
standing strong that's a sorry not sorry
when I read that statement
I don't know I don't think this is a
star nut so I think this is okay 2012
was during the Gaza war where hundreds
of people were killed yeah yeah yeah
that's why I'm saying like it was a
different time right versus reading that
tweet today anti-semitism is real and
I'm grateful for Jewish allies and
colleagues are educating me on the
painful history of anti-semitic tropes
my intention is never to offend my
constituent or Jewish Americans as a
whole we have to always be willing to
step back and think the criticism just
as I expect people to hear me when
others attacked me from my identity this
is why I unequivocally apologize at the
same time I reaffirm the problematic
role of lobbyists and our politics
whether it be a IPA see the NRA or the
false but no dispute it's going on too
long I'm just willing to address it I
don't know I think it's an OK I think
this is an OK apology I mean it covers
all the bases I I think I'm sorry not
sorry but that's just me what else could
she have said what else should she have
said I think the second paragraph is
unnecessary why because you're saying
like you know yeah I'm sorry I hurt your
feelings but I still agree this thing is
bad over here in the I still got beef
with the a IPA C well that's okay she's
just refocusing basically saying well
like I'm sorry if like this reads as
though I'm sorry of my message earlier
seem to target all Jews but I still have
a problem with lobbying in the United
States it is really [ __ ] hard to
attack Israel in the US and it's one of
our most [ __ ] foreign policy positions
I think it's a good statement I think
more people in the US should have the
stance that we need to be able to
criticize Israel without getting [ __ ] on
by every politician you know honestly
there's so many groups that you can't
touch you know for various reasons
Israel is not in the same position as
like a minority group in the US these
are two totally different things I agree
I'm not gonna say her argument we should
be able to [ __ ] on transgender people
like that's not the same type of thing
as being able to like [ __ ] on Israel
like
yeah I mean it's like that really edgy
joke that all like the 19-yard white
kids like to make if you want to find
out who has all the power and society
find out who you can't criticize it's
like oh I can't call black people the
n-word anymore those have the real power
in society like okay do like no it
wasn't that a Churchill quote I don't
know I don't even know but it's the one
that gets cited all the time I don't
know who originally said it's pret
there's like a million things attributed
to Churchill that were said by Voltaire
that were said by Tsar they were like it
all goes back I don't know who
originally said it but I'm just I think
that's the one they'd like people cite
and like see I can't make fun of
transgender people so they are actually
the most powerful people I was like
that's an incredibly [ __ ] simplistic
view of of how [ __ ] you know works in
society yeah I believe in intent like
especially you know I always say that
you know for me comedians gonna pass oh
people are saying that the quote is
literally made up by a Nazi and it was
attributed to Volterra I don't know if
that's true or not it's literally a
quote from a Neil you know it's a I
don't know if that's actually true but
yes wouldn't surprise me but but yeah
like I mean we try not to offend certain
people in society or I should say offend
but we try not to [ __ ] on certain people
in society because we deem that they
need help that's a lot different then we
can't attack Israel for some weird
reason when Israel is like its own
nation state that is like has some of
the biggest technologically superior
military in the entire [ __ ] world
like is and is constantly [ __ ] like
their relationship with Palestine is
very strange like yeah I don't think
these are the same things yeah you're
right you're right but I think I still
believe that some of her comments and
tweets as you said with the one from
2012 I guess that was very long ago but
even still now it's a little dog whistle
II but then again you know if you spent
your entire life well it is dog whistle
II but it's dog listen when you read it
today but if you be this in the context
of what's going on in 2012 the fact that
this happened like right after like
hundreds of people on the Gaza Strip or
like [ __ ] killed by Israelis and the
fact that no one in the US can like has
the gall to stand actually criticize
anything that Israel is done I mean like
in that context the tweet seems a little
bit more reasonable like Israel is
hypnotized the world I mean I don't I
could be wrong but I don't know people
in Europe they'd call out Israel and
what they do because I'm pretty sure
they're I'd like to back and call the
u.s. foreign policy there and neither
party in the US definitely not back in
2012
that's a
recent thing I think we're even
Democrats have had the gall to step up
in question thanks going on with Israel
and even that was only like Bernie I
think I don't know if like mainstream
Democrats do I know [ __ ] Hillary
doesn't I mean I think this tweet comes
off as like a lot more reasonable
speaking of Bernie you think he's gonna
run didn't he already say he officially
was did he already was thinking about it
I didn't get the news that he officially
said he was gonna run I thought I
thought I did I could be wrong but I
thought he like made his official
statement I heard that he was tolling it
over if he is the my news cycles have
not pushed that in my face yet oh he has
a running a video prepared he filmed an
announcement video no he hasn't
announced yet he said he wouldn't okay
so he's announced the announcement I
guess my chat room says that Omar has
been constant in her hate of Jewish
people yeah but when they say constant
they mean like two tweets like what like
has she actually done more in terms of
like speaking cuz I know there's this
tweet and then I've heard so she's made
public statements like on camera
you know her tweets are very very
limited I believe and this is me
personally that she's got be for Jewish
people but we have to face politicians
so she's smart about what she says in
what she doesn't say like you're not
gonna hear her flat out come out and say
like [ __ ] Jews yeah it's not gonna
happen well yeah sure but thank you
we stand with the victims of the
shooting in Pittsburgh and all members
of the Jewish community like what are
some examples why do we feel like she's
anti-semitic I guess let's so let's
start that let's start with our initial
assumption that she's not and then what
do we use to build up our our Bayesian
to get her to being full-on anti-semitic
what are some things that she's done so
we have that tweet from 2012 which now
that I think about it more in that time
period I'm a little bit more forgiving
of it like what else is she done it's
like anti-semitic
no this let's let's find something more
definitive you know so we can both
educate ourselves and and you know come
to consensus or just me I'll leave it
that is I've and this would take me time
to look up you know so don't take my
word for it but I've seen interviews
with her you know on film like you know
she's done some interviews Alexian and
innocent in other places things and and
again I can't repeat them right now for
Batum I'm trying to remember exactly
where I saw them what time I saw them
you know so this gonna sound vague
saying like oh well you know she said
some stuff and I didn't like the way it
sounded you know so here's my opinion
but basically that's kind of what I'm
sure okay so let's see Omar anti-semitic
comments interview let's see if we can
find lawmaker is questioned about
controversial tweets that's ten minutes
long these are a pretty recent we were
so worried about our innocent tweets
when ben shapiro literally said
palestinians just want a bomb [ __ ] and
live in trash yeah I'm well I'm guessing
this guy's probably not gonna be
different Ben shapira's comments on
Palestine
okay so someone in your child I'm
curious I want to see them do it so many
years check crawdaddies are no more than
two tweets bro
she's pretty outspoken man so Crawdaddy
if you have a link to her being
anti-semitic yeah please don't link up
dude also Crawdaddy something that you
said earlier in chat is a really really
good example of what it's like living
with an extreme amount of privilege and
it's very funny that people think you
let it seep through without you even be
realizing it right so your thing earlier
when we were talking about like who
you're allowed to criticize earlier in
chat you said tweet something about
transgender and see what your life is
like lol the fact that for you
oppression or shitty stuff in your life
comes from what you do on Twitter is a
great example of how insanely [ __ ]
lucky you are to live the life that you
live because no gbt people or especially
trans people think about shitty things
that could happen it's usually more
along the line more along the lines of
is their family going to [ __ ] disown
them is somebody going to [ __ ] rape
or murder them is somebody going to
[ __ ] tell them that they're not
allowed to be in the military like our
president or control the types of
judgment right so it's very funny to
your go to for like how am i oppressed
I can't tweet a certain thing without
people getting mad at me it's very very
funny that you kind of like
unintentionally revealed that but I wish
I'd saw that no you agree with that
should the epitome of privilege I mean
Twitter is not real life social media is
not real life it's a reflection of a
very small percentage of the population
and then even so it is really more of a
reflection of the either the most
outspoken or the most outraged of
individuals on any particular subject
and sometimes that's being used to
weaponized us for political gain or for
financial gain you know so I take la
that [ __ ] with a grain of salt
and try to look beyond okay there's like
a 1 minute 40 clip I'm gonna watch this
work like oh my gosh do you want you and
your [ __ ] if you want to here you go
alright I'm watching it now okay can I
just move on to something that's
generally sort of a rite of passage for
politicians in the United States and
that is to sort of profess sort of
fealty or at least pay homage to AIPAC
the the pro-israel PAC that is very very
prominent should Jewish Americans
be worried about congresswoman Ilhan oma
or Rashida tribe because of the BDS
movement because of one of the tweets
see you made a long time ago you know
you're part of a new wave of Democrats
not afraid to be critical of the
government of Israel and during the 2012
military offensive in Gaza you tweeted
Israel has hypnotized the world may
Allah awaken the people and help them
see the evil doings
of Israel how do you put that into
context now and what do you say to
American Jews so I remember when when
that was happening watching TV and
really feeling as if no other life was
being impacted in in this war and that
really and for those unfortunate words
were the only words I could think about
expressing at that moment and what is
really important to me is that people
recognize that there is a difference
between criticizing a military action by
a government that that has exercised
really oppressive policies and being
offensive or or attackee to particular
people of faith okay I mean yeah I don't
know no that's fair that's fair I would
have to see more to think that like she
especially because now like because of
all these tweets like like I'll just
throw these that you're like I mean is
but but I mean you could say that well
she's just doing this to disguise her
anti-semitism but it seems genuine I
liked it okay
that's another thing you know words and
words and tweets are like it's hard to
get the inflection of emotion behind
them and I think that really especially
when you're trying to apologize for
something words alone don't do it
you know sometimes seeing someone's eyes
and seeing their body language at the
same time really lets you know if
someone's being sincere or not or at
least that they have remorse for what
they did or what their being you know
accused of so I watch that okay II feel
a little better
um and you know she also said that she's
been working with you know some of her
Jewish members of Congress and she's
being educated so you know this woman
capable of redemption or you know I'm
never the type to like bury someone you
know for like one thing you know I
believe everyone is capable of
redemption with very few very few
exceptions okay yeah I mean I guess I
just don't see much saying that she's
like a big anti-semite but I would say
that given her background where she
lives who her community is it's likely
and just my based off just my assumption
it's likely she has some anti-jew
anti-semitic anti-israel are we saying
that it's because she's Muslim is that
um well not just sounds like we're
dancing around that real hard like that
was my thought process I'm saying the I
guess if you unpack it that way I guess
that wasn't what I was thinking let me
just clearly that wasn't I was thinking
I'm saying like her community those two
spins I'm with which and I guess if you
really want to go further yeah I guess
they probably are Jewish people but
that's not what I was thinking
somebody told me some of these typing I
don't know this is true we can look this
up she lives in a majority white
neighborhood in Minneapolis that is true
and I'm I was reading up on her the
other day and there's some conspiracies
that she married her brother or
something I don't know
that's a little outlandish for me too I
was but but her premiere certificate was
from Minneapolis or something like that
I don't know is this has this been
substantiated at all like allegedly
there's a marriage certificate so that
Obama was born in Kenya I don't think
this has been substantiated like
whatsoever I haven't seen any like
reputable reports on this so maybe it's
true but I haven't seen anything like
I'll tell you this I'm not even trying
to investigate that cuz like that's
that's some [ __ ] I don't even really
want don't care
almost don't really want to know Oh like
you know it's like okay did you murder
bro okay well you know hey you know
that's just legal then so be it you know
that doesn't matter to me one way
another love who you love or I mean you
brought it up I mean completely
unprovoked no I know I brought it up
because the marry certificate did say
that it happened in Minneapolis so
that's the only reason I brought that
you're asking if she lived there okay
and that's the only connection that I
have to that location like oh I read the
location of which it happened but okay I
don't know if it's true I'm not saying
it's true I'm not alluding that it's
true just and I'm saying clearly it's a
conspiracy theory
some people are think it's a thing catch
me I'm not even saying people think it's
true I'm the same people think it's a
thing so okay well hey thanks for the
conversation have any final points for
anything uh I wish you had more opinions
about the justice Millette story well I
mean it just seems like reactionary
fodder to me like I think it's a pretty
I don't think there's much to say about
it if people are making up [ __ ] like
this it's really bad and I don't think
people should ever do it I don't
understand like what more of a take you
could have on it past that maybe I'm
just into the spectacle of it I will ask
you this you know as we part out what do
you think should happen to him um I
don't know is it against the law to like
make up [ __ ] like this are you taking
from your perspective or a crime to make
a false police report and if indeed he
or bi and the current story today is
that he paid the two brothers thirty
five hundred dollars to do it
since they did it over the mail the
initial threat that was sent into the
offices of empire then that's a federal
crime
so he's looking at you know some federal
charges some misdemeanors false police
report you know plus we're looking at
his career being done for I don't see
how you can come back for this but you
know as far as what happens to him you
know when this happened it is in the is
in the police department's best
interests to put resources toward
something like this because you don't
want the public to think that yo there
are people out there attacking folk all
based off the color of their skin and
sexuality that's a great public interest
so you're gonna put resources to
stopping this as soon as possible
you know everyone on deck you know we
gotta find these people before it
happens again it could be a serial
attacker or a serial rapist or something
gotta get this guy okay so wait so like
before we go this again I mean I
understand that if he broke a law or
whatever he should probably be
prosecuted here I don't think the law
itself probably doesn't covered the
immense amount of damage that he's done
to the public narrative but I mean I
don't know I don't know what else
how what else is there to say the
assumption that he probably costs the
city of Illinois is a couple million
dollars a couple million dollars to
invent how much did they pay their
detectives
well they had 12 detectives working on
this night and day and four FBI agents
for how long two weeks two and a half
weeks now how could they even I mean
like 50 people are killed are in Chicago
like every weekend how can you have one
thing take so much it's a lot of
resources okay and who knows what
additional yeah so I mean like that's
all bad II should probably be punished
for it but like what else aside from
like huh I mean like this just not to
say that you're doing this but like I
can't imagine spending more than like 30
minutes talking about this unless I'm
just trying to score brownie points like
white nationalists like I don't
understand like what there is even like
he did a thing it's really bad no one is
defending this anywhere I I don't think
I haven't seen anybody defending us ever
randos maybe on Twitter there's some no
nobody of significance but yeah so I
don't care about randos on Twitter so
like what is the white man and you know
and it's it's I hate looking at that
nurse there's still people right now
they're still using the hashtag you know
I stand with Jesse or like justice for
Jesse and they don't believe the police
and yeah yeah so unsure Twitter has a
user base if I think 300 million people
I don't yeah but I don't understand pass
like a 20 or 30 minute thing like what
you could possibly talk about related to
this I guess I look at this from a
different perspective you know cuz you
know I'm an immature imitator ah yeah
I'm an entertainment guy you know that
was my background yes I said that oh no
wait what is this tweet hold on that's
we I posed the question I posed the
question is what I was thinking at the
time
tell me I'm wrong you were wrong when
Meg when you make the comment Mexico is
not sending their best you're referring
to the Mexican people when you equal it
when you make criticism of the Israeli
government you're criticizing the
Israeli government is it yes no but when
you say okay well here let's talk about
it specifically when you make the
comment it actually was not sending
their best Trump is specifically talking
about people that immigrated from Mexico
to the US that is a specific what are
you specifically talking about how is
that the same as saying the Israeli
government engages and bad activities
that like bomb people whatever how are
these two things the same I'm basing it
off the words alone I understand it's
controversial believe me I get it
it's very controversial I said it it was
what I was thinking at the time like
this the first tweet is literally
implying that Mexico is sending illegal
immigrants and should to the US to like
take us over this lady is like the white
this is the white nationalist conspiracy
there that brown people are being sent
to breed out white people and [ __ ]
they're being sent here intentionally
like maybe my you know maybe I'm just
too naive to view it like that
[ __ ] it yeah I'm just too naive to think
of it in the terms of like dark-skinned
people are coming to take us over I just
don't I don't think we're sure but I
mean like Trump's statement was
literally when Mexico sends their people
they're not sending their best they're
sending rapists thieves and murderers
that's that's not a charge against the
Mexican government that is specifically
a claim levied at um at-at people coming
over here when you criticize the Israeli
government for their military action
that's a that's a criticism the erisa
Israeli government I mean you've seen
that and you know yes it you've seen the
entire statement that he made right
trumps during during that time frame
about Mexico's not saying yeah of course
it's really all but it's all in you know
it's not it's not I'm not here to again
I'm not here to sing the praises of
Trump but yeah it's not the greatest of
statements it's a pretty [ __ ] bad
statement it's a pretty shitty [ __ ]
statement I mean okay I'm gonna say I'm
gonna get a [ __ ] on for saying this but
goddamn it I'm gonna get [ __ ] Sudan
for saying this but I'm gonna say it
anyway
[ __ ] okay it's it's not that bad it's
kind of true no most Mexicans are
rapists thieves and murderers most well
because he said some so that's like the
the other part if you have some of
something then you must have most of
something that's usually that's how
language or English works right like if
we're gonna say that if we're gonna say
well this means this he said some so
this other thing must mean most can we
not equally say like well he said Mexico
therefore he didn't necessarily mean
Mexican because you know because he's
talking specifically about the people
that are coming over when he says
they're rapists thieves and murderers is
he talking about like Mexican
politicians no he's specifically talking
about he's talking about people who
commit rapes murders theft and drug wait
so when he says and some of them are
good people he thinks that some of the
rapists murderers thieves and drug
dealers are good people
my interpretation that he was saying
that not all Mexicans are rapists do you
know how bad were you just imagine are
say not all black people are murderers
and drug dealers right did you see how
[ __ ] [ __ ] that sounds yes wait wait
yes and are there some black drug
dealers yeah yeah but I wouldn't say I
wouldn't say african-americans are
rapists thieves and murderers and
some of them are good people I imagine I
would never say that because the
implication is that most black people
are rapists thieves and murders which is
what Trump's implication was when he was
talking about immigrants okay I have a
problem my brain processes that well
like I feel like what I'm saying is like
pretty straightforward but it feels like
you reach like really hard sometimes
talk for like straightforward and I'm
trying to equate it to my tweet which I
I will be yo it wasn't the greatest
tweet yes there was a controversial
tweet and I was trying to ask the
question I was trying to bring out like
yo if one guy can say this then can't
this be a thing too like I didn't I told
you for like I didn't vote for the guy
I'm not here to support Trump but I'm
saying like if one side is going to say
hey you said Mexico is not sending your
best and we're gonna condemn them for it
which you can then why can't we equally
say like oh we're gonna criticize this
government how are we not criticizing
the people which live within the girl
these are two totally different things
one you're assuming that Mexico is
sending immigrants over here which is a
contentious at best and conspiracy
alright theory at worst and then yeah
sure but like this idea that Mexico
sending immigrants and then the fact you
say that most of the immigrants coming
from Mexico rapists thieves and
murderers is like no no that's not what
I'm saying I'm using his quote to equate
it to but again it's not the same type
of thing also what is this
Tommy Robertson going to jail for the
crime of reporting on Muslim paedophile
gangs in the UK that's not what he went
to jail for he went to jail because
there is a gag order on it which is like
standard UK law oh god 2018
in the UK you can live streaming rape of
an 11 year old with no concept I'm
pretty sure in the UK I don't know their
laws but if I was a betting man I'd say
in the UK you probably actually get in
trouble for streaming the gang rape of
an 11 year old hold on stop the movies
Wow somebody's going far back on my
Twitter yes I people are just like
posting random [ __ ] it's just like a lot
of this stuff you're saying is like well
I'm hoping unintentionally like just
very conveniently like I was up with
like a lot of white nationalists yo I
remember posting this
I know of if I remember correctly about
it you know I was kind of I was kind of
into it at the time tommy was reporting
on this
other news agencies were but they
arrested him he spent no I don't think
other news agencies were at first of all
there is in the UK I believe the way
that it works is you're not supposed to
be report on stuff that is currently
like in trial because they don't want it
influencing the jury is that was the
explanation I was given I don't think
that we're reporting on it Tommy
Robertson had already been arrested for
this type of stuff in the past so this
was his second like ordeal doing this
and then he got arrested because he was
trying to report on an ongoing story
that in the UK to do this over there so
I feel like journalism the United States
ranked like 20th or whatever in terms of
freedom of journalism it compared to
other countries in the world like what
do you mean how do they matter of free
speech no you can get arrested for
saying things over there were saying
things in the u.s. if you're threatened
thank someone if I'm an employer and I
call my employee like the n-word I can
get in trouble for that there's
protecting classes in the US you can't
do that wait like in the US if I'm an
employer and I'm like racially
discriminating answer like racially
agitating and [ __ ] like my employees or
whatever or if I'm a tenant you're not
gonna arrest it you might get fined or
you you know you're not gonna get
arrested for that okay this is like a
huge quibble first of all I'm pretty
sure well I don't know if you could
actually get jail time presumably this
but you get fined for it but like I mean
it's still against the law here yes
they're well they're a protected class
as as there should be
and you can't discriminate and I don't
know those are set up especially when it
comes to like MIT you know people's
livelihoods you know you can't
discriminate against someone you know
trying to make a living and I don't know
if like I don't know if just because you
know they've got gag orders and certain
things that you can just make the
blanket statement like they don't have
freedom of speech like if you say like
freedom of speech as defined as it
exists of the US they no no I'm saying
their constant they do not have a
guaranteed freedom of speech there that
you can be fine you can be arrested for
just yeah they can say things but there
are certain things that are restricted
in that country that you can't say or
and within context blah blah blah but
it's not the same as us where we're
virtually able to say whatever you want
or demonstrate however we want within
the legality of
do it okay I mean I mean I would agree
that in terms of that like I mean I I
think that America generally can make
statements like things related to humor
or even hate speech er whatever freer
than other countries
I think I would generally agree with
that I like that about America but I I
wouldn't take that and then say that
country doesn't have freedom of speech
that's like a really extreme I think
right in comparison to what we have and
how free we are over here I would say
that they do not have the same level of
freedom of speech that we sure okay okay
that's what I mean okay like it's some
oppressive government we're like you
know you can't say anything otherwise
they're gonna like snatch you up to your
apartment kind of you know doing [ __ ]
like that Tommy Robinson thing it
happened you know I've made that tweet
based off of the information I had
available uh I don't think you they
should I personally don't think they
should snatch you up in jail for
reporting on a story you know well
anyway it's not for reporting on the
starts for reporting on something that's
currently in trial for fear of [ __ ]
with the jury because there's the
rationale for their law it's not just
like you can't report on something but
you know but over here like you know
they have a jury and their juries told
yo don't go don't go look at the news
okay but is that reliable I mean like we
also have missed trials do two juries
and whatnot as well like I mean know
whether or not you agree or disagree the
law like at least it's not just like a
matter of like we're trying to curb
people's creative speech there's a
reason for it I can understand the
rationale whether you agree there or not
but it's not just like you know the last
time I heard of the story like he was he
got out he had lost like 30 pounds he
said that he was beaten and and some
other you know horrible [ __ ] happening
to him I think that's that's pretty
shitty you know for someone who really
is just reporting on a story like yeah
you know he's a white knight knows right
you know like he's like a blatant white
nationalist like Tony Robinson right no
and I'm being honest I'm being honest
like I don't know that okay oh yeah he
like blatantly is like his interest in
the stories cuz they were Muslims right
that's why he was so interested in
reporting why he felt like he was doing
um that's the narrative that like
they're trying to protect minorities and
[ __ ] and that's why they locked him up
for reporting on it when he was trying
to break the news about how horrible
Muslims are raping everybody in Western
Europe but nala think that's part of
that narrative
okay like I know that he's focused on
rape gangs and yeah of course everybody
over there is like the Cologne event and
in Germany whatever are hardcore obsess
over like Muslims raping people because
the place under the narrative that
Muslims are going to the West like
destroy it but I did not know before I
have not given thought that his
intention to do that was based off of
him being a white nationalist about him
I mean yeah I would imagine most of his
stuff is similar to Lawrence something
is motivated by that okay so that's my
ignorance no I haven't looked up much on
them and since then you know it's not
part of my will of well of conversations
and I don't I don't think about too much
maybe I should but I don't intend on
talking about him or using him as a
reference to anything anytime soon okay
okay all right
okay well I got a poke to my legal
legend [ __ ] game so I love her man
thanks for the talk initiate it take
care I'll see you like this
