what do you want hello
actual Communist Party you're here hey
what's up all right so all the other soy
boys social or want to argue like morals
and dumb [ __ ] like that I'm gonna red
pill you on the empirical evidence for
socialism okay so like what's the
strongest empirical evidence against
socialism will be the strongest
empirical evidence for it I don't have
empirical evidence against it it just
doesn't sound like it's been done on
like a large level yet oh sure so I
should clarify I am a Democratic
Socialist and I think that the USSR what
came reasonably close to implanting a
bad but still centrally plan socialist
system and I think that a lot of the
other socialist countries did as well so
you can evaluate those for the effects
of central planning under socialism okay
there's a lot of empirics that suggests
those countries did extremely well on
several metrics such as improving health
care quality for people in their
countries such as like very quick
industrialization and so on i won't
defend like the political repression or
anything like that but okay give me your
tank ii propaganda let's hear it okay
sure you know put my diems with you
since you wouldn't i sent you like i
know you've sent me a [ __ ] ton of dams i
know i ignore all of them go ahead
sure so the first one is that in
virtually all socialist countries
compared to countries of the same income
so for like low-income low-income medium
income and so on a socialist countries
tended to have better quality of life
indicators for health okay
and so the arguments that this
represents a like move from spending
resources on things like you know
basically luxury spending of the rich to
the spending of the people themselves to
the need to survive and do well okay
I mean do you disagree um I don't know I
don't know I haven't been woke up on
this yet but um why can't uh so then
what do we need to do in America to get
there sure so the arguments that the
model that like the Soviet Union used
wasn't actually very good but something
like nationalizing all of the healthcare
industry would go a good first step
there is no fundamental argument for
having separate producers as aware of
healthcare like separate providers and
separate levels all up very she'll be
like one giant vertically integrated
organization yeah mmm okay I don't know
if I agree that I don't know if it
should be vertically integrated
completely like I'm okay with like the
government paying for it but like
they're being like different researchers
and everything related to it but sure so
like what's the argument for having
separate organizations like what would
be the the gain of having say two
organizations that did this like two
giant insurance companies versus one
giant idea is the free marketplace go
ahead and kicks in and makes the
competition of ideas produce better
outcomes I'm sure I don't know multiple
people competing after it similar
government price contracts whatever is
supposed to be a good thing sure but all
the empirical evidence seems to show
that countries with like single-payer
health care hyper health care and now
single-payer health care doesn't you're
completely and totally vertically I know
what I'm saying is like as they move
closer it's cheaper and so like um
here's another fun one in 1960 the
healthcare system of the Soviet Union
cost about five percent of GDP at the
time the United States healthcare system
thought about cost about eight percent
of GDP yeah like not enough for me to
know if it's actually a better haircut
right I know they might have cost a lot
less but they might not have had good
outcomes or something right sure so the
story of Soviet the Soviet Union L care
is that it was like extremely good up
until about 1960 and then it had reduced
funding after that and it got really
really bad but I in the like early 60s
the life of people and as high like I
think it was like low 70s as people in
the United States I can pull those sets
I mean I just don't believe you so not
factoring in this right now but go ahead
wait hello at the are a socialist
country or just even like a single-payer
system is more efficient why would we
competition to be that effective rather
than the benefits of having a centrally
planned system whoa wait wait oh I
thought we just said that or do we not
agree on this just because you have a
single-player option in your government
doesn't mean it's entirely vertically
planned thankfully Chadsworth is now a
tea room is like as we move in that
direction it seems like things get
cheaper like okay well like as I move in
the direction of adding like more weight
to a barbell like I can get stronger but
the doesn't mean I'm gonna like try to
bench like 700 pounds to get really
strong on one day right like it's
possible that as you move toward like
there's probably like we can higher by
things like the Laffer car right we're
Laffer curve like you know less taxation
might result in more revenue okay that
might result that remember that might
result in more revenue up to a point but
like zero percent tax rate is gonna be
no revenue right so I mean like just
because like moving in the direction of
single-payer is good doesn't necessarily
mean that you know you're correct okay
that's why I provided the example of the
Soviet Union which was effectively like
a total help I just don't know anything
about this I'll dig I don't like it I'll
take a look okay when I get the chance
I'll do the tanki research stream so the
argument is that so the next argument
would be perhaps this is true of health
care perhaps this is true of just this
one industry like maybe the free market
doesn't work here maybe central planning
works better so does this apply
elsewhere and so there isn't that much
research that I can find on like public
versus private [ __ ] in most sectors but
there was one of I it was a meta study
of like multiple studies which found
that on average the when you take a
corporation that's owned by the state
you privatize it it does worse for the
first five years but by about ten years
it does about the same as the original
non privatized publicly owned entity
well so and I can link that one as well
so if true then this suggests that
public entities at least don't do worse
and this isn't like Western countries I
haven't been looking these things
because I've know getting nervous or
whatever but uh huh I will so what is
that supposed to prove Hey
sure so if public organizations don't do
worse than theirs presumably no benefit
to having competition as it were
compared to like at least some level of
state control okay how do we do this in
the United States hello yeah hello
oh sorry hello Kay what do I need to do
it what do we need to do in the u.s. to
get there perform ISM just keep going
gotcha sounds good I'm okay with that
I sent you an even and I was like I'm
gonna argue the empirics of socialism
and you sent back the response well I
sure hope there's more co-op well like
I'm okay with reforming if we move in
directions that are empirically proven
I'm fine with that that's fine I'm
already in favor that I'm reading favor
of single-payer health care I already
favor good or redistribution of wealth
I'm already in favor of probably like
more like worker representation at times
like unions what I like these are
policies already fine with I just don't
know why I need to be like a falling all
hyper has exploitative the [ __ ]
proletariat well right I don't think I
need to go I got full [ __ ] AIDS in
order to have those conversations I can
continue to push for programs that maybe
move us towards the state of socialism
somewhere in the future without thinking
like capital owners need to like
literally be strung up and eaten by
children in the street sure the argument
is if we're going to go like 70 percent
what is the remaining benefit for like
the 30 percent I don't know if the 30
percent is good and we'll keep going
[ __ ] it if it ends up working out like
[ __ ] if coops and I becoming like
really [ __ ] pauper then I was like
yeah why the [ __ ] do we need capital
owners anymore the [ __ ] is a waste of
[ __ ] time people are happier
healthier and produce more when they're
working in a in a [ __ ] co-op than
they do in like shitty capital own
things sure so that gets into like very
fundamental Marxian critiques of
capitalism like the argument against
just cooperatives that way you're
describing is called mutualism okay and
so the argument against that is that
doesn't resolve the fundamental problems
of capitalism there are six elements
allocation of resources
okay and this magically doesn't happen
in a socialist system right the argument
is that you could do better with
planning so that's like an another
empirical claim I mean you could do
better with well
that's like huh that statement is so
vacuous that's kind of like saying like
a feminine a benevolent dictator would
theoretically be the best form of
government right like if you could plan
out its like something like perfectly
well then of course a plan a perfectly
planned economy is gonna be better than
a market economy that has an air is
built into it right but I mean like what
it's like the utopian thing say there's
the perfect planning system of course I
win this argument
yeah or but or I could point out like
well what about when people try to plant
economies in a really [ __ ] way like when
Venezuela tries to set prices for things
and the prices are too low economic
planning like the the company was
already actualized prior to
whoa hold on hold on I'm talking the oil
company the oil company okay listen I'm
not talking about the oil company okay
Venezuela's oil company was a public for
a long time and worked really well I'm
not saying the oil companies an example
their failings one of the failings one
of the principal failings of Venezuela
seems to be that they try to set price
controls on products that companies
could not meet so the companies ended up
[ __ ] leaving the country and a lot of
those products weren't made anymore
that's what that's like an attempt to
plan an economy is saying hey the cost
of this good is going to equal this
price period and then when companies
were like well hey we can't make that
product we're [ __ ] leaving that was a
big [ __ ] of an of attempted planned
economy that's what I'm saying it's
nothing with the oil [ __ ] but royal [ __ ]
was never socialized and on the chin and
it seemed to work out really well okay
good sure the problem is simply that is
not example of like a fully plan I mean
by that much literally every Western
country is a partially planned economy
which is true for sure any time you're
setting a price controlling a minimum
wage is like a form of planning or like
the subsidy the money is central
planning at some level like yeah if
you're you have you're taxing and yeah
sure okay yeah so the argument isn't
like that central planning always good
or whatever absurd argument well no but
that perfect central planning would be
perfectly good which of course the
argued for me is empirically even with
like as bad as the Soviet Union was it
did relatively well
so one empirical metric is real GDP per
capita and in terms of real GDP per
capita the USSR grew about as quickly
relative to its starting real GDP per
capita as Canada so slightly under did
the OECD average but about as well as
Canada so if Canada's like a failed it's
on par with the you know the Soviet
Union okay maybe I just don't know I
have to all diggety sure there's like a
lot of reading to the tank yep I'll go
into it okay I need to get see this is
why we live debate I'll get out my
binder and you can look at them in real
time yeah
go over it okay sounds good okay are we
good am i blue pill that bread pill no
is that okay yeah your bread pill okay
they're done socialist thanks thank you
spam burn boys you did it Bernadette
[Music]
