hold on hold on hold on I just need a
second hold on let me one second give me
one second please help me okay we're not
gonna lose it okay guys we're holding on
okay we're gonna keep our cool
okay okay okay guys listen okay I am a
new destiny okay I am new and I am gonna
try my hardest okay I'm gonna try my
hardest to actively engage in persuasive
rhetoric okay that's my goal actively
boy my quality of life has gone down
considerably since being a daily viewer
of your stream stop being so addicting
can we get 50 likes actively engage in
persuasive rhetoric that is my goal okay
I have a brownie here to help me we're
doing our intermittent fasting again
tomorrow okay I need this so please wish
me luck as I go on this journey please
lord help me please Lord keep me safe in
this conversation so that I don't want
to [ __ ] kill myself oh boy hey there
he is hello hello okay your unmated
[Music]
it wasn't destiny hey what's up buddy
how you doing well how are you doing bro
I'm doing great so hey uh you know since
we had you for that MA actually you know
become sort of a pseudo fan you know I
actually agree let me just start off you
know nicely because that's you know it's
always better like I I agree with quite
a few things you said despite any you
know personal now contentions or
whatever people may have about you
there's some things you say that are
totally valid and I actually noted that
right before you offered to have the
debate oh yeah I said I was in an
airport earlier I was real grumpy okay
sorry no issue you know like people have
you know I mean like it's all good dude
you're a human
okay no problem um so basically I really
like your video about race wheels I
think it's a great debate I think you're
probably one of the more sound if you
will I don't know if you really identify
with the left it would that be a
mischaracterization
um I don't care I try not to use labels
at this point kind of kind of all over
the place but sure socially it probably
a mainly left-leaning am we might
actually relate there a little bit um
maybe maybe the various extents um give
us to say I saw that and I really liked
the the raised realism debate so I was
like there's got to be something about
that I don't agree and I saw angular I'm
not actually a big fan of his I'll be a
hundred percent honest the only time I
ever became like when I became aware at
angular was when like everyone did
because he got some dog that made a
video and then they wanted to find him
and find him whatever right there's a
lot of noise made over like a fine
obviously it comes in to free speech
territory that's what we're here to talk
about so I mean I'll open it up with the
fact that I didn't agree with the idea
that interpolate of Lee or interpolated
data whether it's video whether its
stats whether it's literature whether
it's whatever format it may be I just
didn't agree with your sentiment that
that wasn't evidence um there's some
more contentions I have under that but
I'd like to underneath all of it but I'd
like to better understand I guess I
guess where do you think I'll go with
this where do you think free speech the
extensive freeze
each extent where where where would you
say is a good time to stop speech and
where's a good time to allow speech and
like where's that for you personally
based on what you see in the world
that's a really hard question I probably
fall more to the right than most people
in that but then I have like a weird
kind of like cop out or not cop out but
I have like a weird thing I guess so for
me I am okay with with more or less
every idea being I guess legal in terms
of like a legal sense and then in terms
of private senses I like what should
Twitter or Facebook whatever do I think
that most forms of speech should be
platformed if not all forms of speech
the only thing that outside of like
direct calls for violence or
coordinating violent actions the thing
that probably or the thing that I don't
like that I am in favor of aggressively
D platforming are people that engage in
either deliberate misinformation or
gross misuse of information so for
instance Alex Jones types or people that
spread essentially just fake information
those are the people that that I would
be okay seeing like gone and never
coming back
okay just mentioned Alex Jones do you're
aware that like a court as you know
acknowledged his character as a
hyperbolic character yeah I don't care
but I'm aware of that yo okay III don't
buy that cop out because I'm talk radio
hosts use the same thing Sean Hannity or
Rush Limbaugh will say things like well
I'm not technically news I'm just it
said entertainment and it's like yeah
but it's not really your place in
society and that's not really how people
consume your media and you're doing like
a massive damage to public discourse
regardless of how you characterize
yourself is what I would say here's
here's like and this will get to the
root right I kind of went in Reverse
here's the route yeah I believe that
your views on censorship actually impede
what we me and you don't sure a lot of
the people have as a common goal I
believe that violence bad views toxic
cancerous hateful [ __ ]
misinformation rich views should be
allowed so we can debate them discuss
them and never forget them so so we may
actually align on on
on the ID fundamentals and not on the
Praxis and that's totally okay and I'm
prepared vehemently to substantiate why
I feel this way can can I ask you why
you don't think maybe I'm correct on
that yeah so I think that people in
general are stupid and I've actually
lost my appreciation for democracy at
this point such that I don't even know
if we should have publicly elected
leaders because people are so absolutely
incapable of evaluating information that
I think other organizations need to be
responsible for doing that and I would
point to things like the elections or
Trump who I don't know you would have
some policies in place or whatever from
from companies that would decide which
media they want a platform or D platform
based on how they think that the
information is being spread or if they
think that the information is truthful
or not it would be very you would say
you would delegate to the free market
for something like this the free market
is very vague but I I mean I would say
like the companies that are like
Facebook or Twitter or whatever
platforms are in charge of of
platforming people I guess free market
is kind of vague there but like whatever
social media platforms they are using I
guess hate to ask questions right so
there was a study I'm not gonna ask yeah
sorry the NCAC published a study a while
back there was a summary of it and I'd
like to post it but I would like to cite
it first basically in this study they
surmise that crime statistics do not
support the theory that media causes Via
Media causes violence are you aware of
the key findings by the NCAC on this and
that actually censorship is is
prohibited by the First Amendment well
so the censorship that I'm talking about
isn't right private organizations have a
right to do whatever they want yeah
which I know you understand that um the
in terms of like platforming certain
speeches leading to violent acts and
you're saying that wouldn't happen
I would probably believe that if
platforming certain speech led to
violence I think we would see probably a
whole lot more of it my issues aren't
necessarily to avoid violence though
it's to avoid like gross stupidity is my
problem right now
I guess moreover let me let me bring
let me bring a little citation here
because you had mentioned do you
remember during that during the
discussions with Thank You Lee you had
mentioned that left the left right-wing
violence outweighs left-wing violence
now I can actually agree with you
cumulatively
with multiple stipulations and they are
as such based on the Cato Institute's
findings and I can cite all of this and
I pretend I'm going to because I I hate
when yeah I don't like when people make
you know empirical claims and they don't
back enough - like if I disagree the
other climate every conductive insider
whatever put my 77% of white extremist a
violent crime was committed by one
attacker during one incident okay where
that right I I'm not but okay okay all
right I will post the citation but
moreover um the the cumulative average
for violent crime the name of either
black supremacy and arc ism communism or
white supremacy are almost even per the
ADL 2016 I'm going to post both of these
citations in should I do it in debate
discussion yeah I'll do it
I'll do it in debate discussion well I
don't want to flood pass citations the
first one table one five most of the
years for domestic extremist killings
from 70 to 2016 there was a hundred and
eighty four deaths in one white
extremist bombing the the next four
listed there were actually motivated
either empirically or circumstantially
by by another form of extremism I would
say Islamic but I'm pretty sure there's
one other in there however the main
point is only one of those from 1995 was
a white extremist attack moreover what's
really interesting about these stats is
that left wing and right wing extremists
all smash each other in totals to date
from about 65 to what is that 2016 when
you had said that actually that you know
frightening
it's totally um you know it's I'm not
coming here to do a gotcha actually
honestly I just hate I have a particular
dislike I won't say hey cuz I don't
really hate much I have a particular
dislike for the fact that people want to
present it like there's there's only
violent lunatics on one side of this
coin sure
wait okay before before we get too deep
into this so I'm not super married to
the idea that left-leaning people are
right letting people commit more violent
acts just based on because I'm
susceptible to media influence just
based on what I had heard I I assumed it
was left-leaning and then somebody
presented me with a study saying that it
was right leaning and then I read that
and it seemed like everything in there
was okay so then I just kind of like ran
with that for my conversation would
thank you low but I mean I could very
easily if you have empirical data set it
stating otherwise I mean I would switch
my opinion Emilia I'm not like super
attached to that idea yeah I'm not sure
if you're like if you think that I like
very strongly believe in that or not and
but I mean if you've got empirical data
that says otherwise and yeah I believe
yes I guess my ultimate claim issue here
is that you and you'd positive towards
the end of that to be that in fact the
president because of his auspices should
be now I'm going to tie this all
together because of his auspices as an
officeholder giving getting our tax
funding money and all the rest of it
right as a president he has a different
set of standards to adhere to now I'm
sure you seem like an educated person
I'm sure you're aware that citizens in
the United States have an actual set of
duties to the country such as voting
diligence reporting discussion of issues
all of these are actually laid out by
the NCIS they are a fact it is it's not
it's if they're literally I think it's
ten or seven I forget and then the
president has a subset now in this
hierarchy citizen actually this is
stipulated per current law citizen does
supersede that the only time it doesn't
is during candidacy particularly and
there's a few other incidents where it
doesn't for instance like when
impeachment etc it said sometimes they
can't exercise certain personal rights
however basically they're allowed to and
here's I'm gonna bring it full circle
because I actually asked someone in this
discord earlier today you're hosted in
am ask the same person of the same
question I said how is it right that he
receives federal this is a public
candidate right and he's not allowed to
talk on Twitter right he should he he's
not allowed to block people entrepreneur
however should I say talk is the same
thing no because speech would be
blocking or at least to a private
citizen now if he's an elected official
and he's not allowed to block people
then Twitter a public forum for legal
definitions and the issue I have is that
this is this
literacy to law is leading people to
actually erect the precedent legally for
Twitter to become the very thing that
myself and I believe yourself don't want
it to be I'm like super lost wait so
what are we talking about right now
there's like a lot of very well is it
firstly just just to make sure we're on
the same page so sure in terms of like
what Trump should be allowed legally to
do I would caution you to make sure you
don't mix up like moral or ethical
arguments that I've made with legal
arguments so insofar as like Trump being
able to say like [ __ ] the media I hate
the [ __ ] media but like legally I'm
pretty sure he's allowed to do that I
don't think there's anything wrong with
it my arguments have always been more
what ought he do like should a president
behave in this way I don't and I don't
think so for what I would consider a
strong set of reasons but in terms of
like making legal claims I if I have
made them then I horrendously misspoke
but I don't think I've generally made
legal claims insofar as what Trump
should be allowed to say regarding the
media I have made them insofar as um
like I think it's technically illegal
for like a sitting president or senator
to like recommend the firing of an
employee to other companies and shedder
I think I've read that like in law but
in terms of like how Trump should should
conduct himself versus what he's legally
allowed to do those are two very very
different things right um how he should
conduct himself and what he's allowed to
do a print mm-hmm
yes yes they are - yes okay yeah okay
just making sure cuz I don't think I've
ever said that like Trump should go to
jail for saying [ __ ] the media I just
think it's a very [ __ ] scary thing
for a president to say but I don't think
it's like illegal yeah so would you say
your contention is more with actually
like his character use that my
contention is I think that Trump acts as
a blatant fascist and it bothers me that
so many people that claim to be liberals
or classical liberals or whatever
support somebody that comes off as a
massive fascist to me the attacking or
operates as comes off as I don't think
the president technically has the
ability to operate as a fascist within
their current legal framework but but
put like spreads like fascist rhetoric
an okay okay so his rhetoric seems fast
you sure like attacking the media as a
precedent is something that I'm very
uncomfortable with and I think that
anybody that values any sort of freedom
of speech should be very uncomfortable
the president attacking media
okay um let me let me let me thought
full circle even further was a judge who
ruled in this ama's this person's AMA
case and this isn't I don't expect you
to know all the particulars person who
he had that came from sorry excuse me I
was weren't selling person who came for
the AMA there was a judge in her case
she established precedent in the
Southern District of New York that Trump
was not allowed to block people because
of course his his page is deemed a
public forum uh-huh now that now the the
the interesting thing I heard you say
bring the dank you love and you did you
did I'm not mischaracterizing you I can
go back to the time he did say that I'm
not for Trump D platforming I think you
were alluding to him blocking folks I'm
not sure because I'm not really sure how
else he could be easily legally that
actually would under current Southern
District law under their current looing
that that Judge what was her name shoot
I had an earlier Murdoch her I think I'm
tonigh the way you're saying that it was
real the Trump because he's the
President and it could be conceived as
like a public communications that Trump
isn't allowed to block people on Twitter
something wasn't it right right and and
what I'm wondering is it seems like
right it seems like we're establishing
this fact that this well okay it's a
public forum when Trump wants to say
something but it's not a public forum
when it when it's not convenient that's
what it seems like from the outset
legally and I actually was very just
your credit I was actually shocked to
see you you you understand the law as it
related to defamation I was like wow
someone actually well actually I had to
deal with it a lot because I'm a quasi
public figure so and right I was gonna
say you do actually meet I think in some
districts the legal press mean at least
in half the country they'd see you as a
public they might as well yeah because
yeah because I've done this stupid [ __ ]
in the past right you've definitely try
and hit you with it but if they could
yeah yeah my point is I worried about
the double standards here that's
obviously what I'm worried about
wait what real real quick okay just cuz
I notice we're jumping around like a lot
of different points yes yes let's focus
on you're gonna wrap it all right go for
it what you could do for yeah yeah I'm
worried about double standards here
because because if Twitter is indeed
right if Trump's Twitter page is a
public forum right
one if a judge can circumvent other
court rulings which this judge did and
stipulate such - and if she has a
history of having her decisions reversed
three by Superior Court's the second
District Court in New York which is much
superior and has way better judges and
Dershowitz actually is linked I mean
it's a whole that it's a way hot way
higher quality court has actually
reversed this judges decisions on not
this matter but another pertinent matter
I'm curious isn't this sort of like in
the realm of allowing the law to say
what should and should not be heard
or am i off-base here I mean assuming
everything you've said is true up to
this point that could be one way of
reading it yes sure okay okay okay um
would you did you see the table I posted
because I do I do see someone I don't
mind referencing the chai tea or someone
mentioned that I'm misrepresenting data
that 44 to 67 extent what do you think
about my table there the orange table
did you see it in debate discussion I
didn't click it because I'm not married
to like any argument of Mather okay very
easily be persuaded from one side and
you would say you're you're pretty fair
in that first extremism on both sides
I'm not I know I'm saying that I could
be persuaded I don't think I would make
that statement but I could be persuaded
from one side to the other does that
make sense does that make sense sure how
would you be persuaded without looking
at my citations if you're not married to
any idea oh well cuz I mean I wasn't
because I didn't know we were gonna I'm
not ready to have that in-depth
discussion I can't just look at like one
day - real quick and then this is my new
