can you explain why you rent do you guys
think that cocaine is something that you
can get addicted to it like pretty
quickly so does twitch at this point
provide any sort of psychiatric services
or even referrals to the same how are
you feeling stalled are you pretty
depressed in general are you pretty
happy with your life or what I don't
know if I consider eSports people to
even be [ __ ] gamers can you explain
why you rent sure I rent because one I
don't want to front the capital for a
place to live when I don't know how long
I'm gonna be here right I don't want to
have to use my own money I don't wanna
have to borrow money okay and and when
when I'm just gonna be here for short on
a time so it's the first one in two
reasons why rent three since I'm only
going to be here for a short amount of
time I don't wanna do with volatility of
having this much capital whose
maintenance could require more than the
actual cost that I'd normally be willing
to pay to live here right like if I move
in here and like an air conditioning
unit or something goes out for the
average cost of my mortgage to make up
for the repair I would have to stay here
for some number of years to do it it's
not worth it to me
right it's easier for me to just paste
pay rent to somebody else that owns this
capital right and then pay a premium on
that so that I don't have to deal with
the volatility renting is it's almost
like buying a place to live with
insurance on top more or less basically
the the the the difference between the
value of the property and the rent that
you pay is kind of an insurance that you
pay a premium that you pay to not have
to deal with the volatility of owning
property most people aren't in that type
of situation that's why you rent is
because you don't want to do with a
volatility of owning property what do
you mean that's that's that's the reason
to rent there was no volatility no
upfront capital costs then everybody
just buy everything they move into what
do you mean that's known your rent take
most people rent because they don't have
the capital to buy in the first place
even if they want or they're not
avoiding the inconvenience of capital
ownership they're not making a
meaningful choice no that's not true
a lot of people could let well a lot of
people could get the capital you just
have to take it alone but even if you
have the capital right I could pry could
afford a place to buy you I'm not gonna
do it I'm still gonna rent there's
plenty of people they got afford to buy
places that still choose to rent because
they're not financially literate and
they're not obsessed with his naive eye
owning a house somehow builds your
wealth or somehow makes you a rich
person or that owning a home is his
glorious [ __ ] and all that's some
dumb Esch I don't even know how how
lefties on ironically wound up in the
same position as dumbass [ __ ]
American values in the in the 60s and
70s that obsessed over owning a home
like owning a home was the be-all and
end-all to being a good American and
that was like the American [ __ ] dream
is owning a home it's one of the dumbest
[ __ ] things that was sold of people
gonna build real wealth and should
[ __ ] invest in stocks build a 401k max
out your IRA contributions don't sit on
a giant ass [ __ ] house unless you're
gonna build a family and live there for
the next 20 years there's no way a
majority of the renders in LA would
qualify for alone an elementary area no
but I'm sure they could qualify for loan
elsewhere but it doesn't change my
original point taking out a loan to buy
a house most of the time as a dumb
[ __ ] decision anyway you're mostly
one of the first point as well generally
people know by residential properties
looking for economic stability the US
had only one mortgage insurance cloud
since its inception the dot-com bubble
didn't kill property values stick to the
social justice means please a hug a dude
oh god dude talking with lefties about
economics [ __ ] has made me want to
[ __ ] and myself especially [ __ ]
related to like houses or property it is
so [ __ ] cringe listening to lefties
try to talk about like oh you know home
is so important it makes money they
think that's why people are landlords
like oh [ __ ] dude I didn't realize
taking out a huge [ __ ] loan to buy a
[ __ ] house that I live in is the
exact same type of wealth generating
thing as investing in another property
that I rent to somebody that generates
revenue for me oh you're so smart your
brain is [ __ ] you just exploding out
of your head it's exploding out of your
head dude this is the equivalent of me
going to buy a car and saying like oh
[ __ ] if I just buy a taxi it makes me
like way more money and then I just
drive my taxi around like and I just
drive around to and from work on my tax
you know like oh look dude I'm just like
I'm like a capital owner cuz I make so
much more money as I own a taxi right
that's all that work like no what the
[ __ ] it's so [ __ ] stupid dude so
[ __ ] stupid
I don't get the thing about rent being
better I could literally pay less on a
mortgage than I do right now for sure
so one when you get a loan for your
house you're gonna have a closing cost
that are equal to is it five percent or
is it two percent I keep one is like I
think that goes to the broker is closing
house usually like it's like two to five
percent of a loan or something right
closing cost average is two to five
percent of the purchase price so closing
costs you're gonna pay on the value of
the loans if you get a five hundred
thousand dollar house because you live
somewhere around here you're paying
anywhere from
what would it be 10,000 to 25,000 sorry
extra is gonna be rolled into the loan
firstly so that's just upfront BAM you
already have that right there
and then any maintenance cost that you
have on a property so a new roof it's
anywhere from 10 to 30 grand depending
on the size of your house if you've got
to change like the furnace or the AC
that's anywhere from 2 to 10 grand
depending on how elaborate that repair
or swap out is you've got plumbing
issues if you've got foundation issues
like there's a whole bunch of these huge
expenses that come up with owning a
house where just a couple of these is
going to yeah a pipe bursting order just
like one or two of these is easily going
to average out over the course of like a
few years to make it so it would have
been more expensive to do the mortgage
than to rent now if you're gonna own a
home for like [ __ ] 10 years or
whatever then you're probably fine the
point is there are plenty of people who
want long term housing through ownership
but they can't afford it and thank God
they can't afford it because they want
long-term housing most of them are
probably too stupid to [ __ ] manage it
ok good for them that they can't even
[ __ ] afford that [ __ ] most mortgages
require large down payments as well yeah
it's usually anywhere from 5 to 20
percent in the United States we've got
FHA loans which I think let you put down
as low as 3% may be homes can be
transferred to children in ways that
escape some inheritance tags okay
like what is that that's the argument
well when I die okay I view
homeownership as security is that wrong
it's not about generating wealth at all
it's just a single home I would live in
for a long time but you can just rent
some place how is that more security
than taking any of the difference and
investing it in stocks like I'm like my
security right now is my Vanguard
account I can go anywhere I want in the
country and I still hold on to that I'm
not tied to this area we need to compare
the total unrecoverable cost of renting
to the total unrecoverable cost of
owning that may sound like a complicated
task but I boiled it down to it because
most people have Vanguard accounts good
one dusty see you buddy asan suffered it
will love you if you can't afford a
[ __ ] retirement account if you can't
afford to put some money into a [ __ ]
Roth IRA you sure as [ __ ] can't afford a
[ __ ] house stick to [ __ ] renting
one of the things that all the lefty
people miss when they when they do these
things is they always say well if this
is true I've seen people say there's a
trail why is that the rich people rent
houses down to people because taking a
house and rent it to somebody else and
using that
like piece of property to generate
revenue it's a lot different than buying
that asset of sitting in it on your own
right why should people be allowed to
buy houses they won't live in when there
are people that need houses to live in
what do you mean by how are you talking
about people that rent houses if you
want you could just make it illegal to
buy houses to rent but people probably
does not build houses chances are you
can't afford rent you couldn't afford
the construction cost for a new house
all those houses just wouldn't get built
what do you mean buying is subsidized
rent for the rich with a bigger upfront
security deposit nice dude that might be
one of the most financially illiterate
takes I've heard in my entire life but
I'm sure you got it off of a really good
lefty forum I'm sure they really [ __ ] on
capital owners they're a nice job dude
real big brain take it's a reasonably
tax a sector of the economy related to a
problem in order to fix it rather than a
general tax on the rich I kind of think
so sure so like let's say that you think
that people owning homes with nobody in
them while people are homeless let's say
that you think that's a bad thing that
that shouldn't happen right well maybe
if somebody has a house and they don't
have a renter for that house yes after
some number of months that you'd have
reasonably expect somebody to fill out
so maybe after 12 months if you own a
home and nobody's lived in it for 12
months you have to pay an extra tax on
the on owning that empty property right
maybe that extra tax you pay maybe that
goes into a fund that's used for public
housing or for financial assistance
people that can't afford homes like a
vacancy tax yeah that seems okay to me
if assuming it would raise enough
revenue and you wouldn't need to pull
from like general funds or whatever you
don't have a better idea than that how
about we imprison the owners of the
vacant property and give the property of
homeless individuals problem solved well
your problem wouldn't be solved one if
you imprison all the people that owned
the homes right they're probably gonna
laps of those payments and then those
homes will get defaulted on and who the
[ __ ] knows it'll help with that too if
you just throw random [ __ ] people
into those homes they'll probably go to
[ __ ] they'll probably destroy the homes
and the homes will fall apart they'll
lose all the value the people will
probably leave because they can't do
[ __ ] all with them I mean no that's
probably not a good idea nice try though
dude do you guys think that cocaine is
something that you can get addicted to
like pretty quickly yes like chemically
what anyone have a try cocaine
recreationally like a couple times or no
I thought cocaine was one of those drugs
is like the very first time you use it
you can die from it I think you'd have
to do all [ __ ] on no well I can bring
out like if you have heart problems
yeah but I mean that's kind of like
saying you could die the first time you
do MDMA by like overheating but like
kind of yeah physical addiction you're
just wrong dude
cocaine won't do anything for you if you
have ADHD though it just acts like they
cocaine is like it's pretty much the
exact same thing as like ritalin and
[ __ ] like sometimes when Nathan was like
being too hyper active for school I just
have a snort a line or two before head
just chill him right the [ __ ] out he be
like yeah feels like vyvanse dad thanks
thanks dad what's up buddy I'm pretty
good what's up cool so um before we get
into this I figured I should ask so does
twitch at this point provide any sort of
psychiatric services or even referrals
to the same no nothing like that at all
yeah okay
so do you think that they should hmm
probably I'd be nice okay and to get
more context the reason I ask is just
because it feels like it constantly
comes up where streamers are facing some
abuse mm-hmm any a few agree I don't
know feels like there's not much
interesting to say that I'd like do you
think they should provide them even that
well I don't know if I agree that they
shouldn't necessarily provide them I
mean it'd be nice but I mean it's not
really the relationship we have with
twitch I guess like since we're just
contractors but I mean it'd probably be
beneficial to the streamers I don't know
if it'd be financially worth it for
twitch or the way that I would think
about it in that case and I'm also not
sure how that teases out but it seems
like if they were to provide services
they could avoid a lot of the negative
[ __ ] that you see happen with a lot of
the I guess he saw happened with a lot
of the earlier crazy IRL streamers and I
mean I shouldn't use the word crazy but
uh if you think of like ice for example
yeah I don't know if she provided some
source of services maybe they could have
gotten his streams reined in to some
degree before he started getting swatted
constantly or something of that possibly
I mean one of the the scariest thing I
would think for that kind of stuff would
be would be the idea that as soon as you
started providing those services like
what if you have a whole bunch more
liability now so like for instance like
not a single person right now or at
least I've never heard of this before is
blaming twitch for what happened with
Etica right but let's say twitch
provided psychiatric services and then
those failed connecticut kills them so
do you think which starts to take heat
for that now for not having like good
enough services no cuz I mean even like
the top level psychiatric services that
exist in the world today can fail right
but by providing them takes some degree
of responsibility for you know the
mental health of their content creators
many of whom suffer abuse on their
platform mm-hmm
I'm not a lawyer so obviously this
opinion is based off of not much more
than the like the more limited
experience no no the limit experience
that I have had with the legal system
all through work but it seems like if a
if an individual is facing abuse on a
platform like twitch there might be some
cause for dinner case or damages there
but that's something that I would have
to run through a lawyer to say with any
degree of certainty uh-huh
how are you feeling stalled are you
pretty depressed in general are you
pretty happy with your life for what and
you wake up in the morning are you
motivated to do [ __ ] or do you feel like
[ __ ] no I feel okay
but I've also been in therapy for the
last year not solely and that [ __ ] is
out that okay why do you ask
oh I've met like a surprising amount of
people that seem to be like super
miserable lately and it's just
interesting getting people's feedback I
guess
yeah I mean to some degree I think it
has to do with life skills granted ah my
perspective there is biased by my recent
experience in therapy mm-hmm I mean I
shouldn't even say life skills but like
I guess uh what's the word
I don't know if you think of concepts
like emotional intelligence and stuff
like that like skills that apply to that
particular section is it the UH I guess
the emotional state of your community a
concern for you yeah not my community
it's people that I mean in real life
actually it's just something that I'm
kind of keeping track of keeping track
of I don't know I feel like I need to do
more um I've thought about like I don't
know how I would do this but like um I
feel like I need to incorporate more
like positivity into the stuff that I do
I guess I feel like I made a lot of like
pretty cool like really amazing people
that like absolutely hate themselves and
it seems like in general it seems like
people have this idea that everybody has
like everything kind of put together and
figure it out like really well that's
what people think other people have and
then like everybody is like secret you
know the meme where the guy is like has
is like smiling on the mask and then
he's got like the horrible yeah yeah
like that mean that's like an ironically
like every person that I talked to seems
to think that it's like really said what
are the general ages of these people do
you think anything from like I'd say
like twenty to thirty like everybody and
maybe even older people that are
Millennials I just don't know them
because I don't um yeah you don't really
interact with people too much yeah I
mean it's it's not altogether surprising
I wouldn't say but I mean certainly not
a good thing independent of that
[Music]
do you have any ideas about the sort of
things that you would incorporate into
your stream to reach that goal um I mean
I can like speak positively to it in
general I guess but um it seems like
these are like really fundamental like
really deep-seated things in terms of
like how people view themselves and the
problem is like I don't even know how to
like approach it when I talk to another
person because like I like I can give
advice but I don't know if it would work
for other people like it might just work
for me because I'm like so fundamentally
disconnected from like other humans so
it's easy for me to say things like oh
like don't worry about other people's
opinions or oh you know like you you
know you should always think you deserve
some level of respect or care or love in
your life
a regardless of what you know friends or
family or other people told you like
it's easy for me to say that but I don't
know like if I could convince myself of
it but yeah yeah the way I would read
that is you know that and all that
information is correct mm-hmm
I I do have a semantic issue with the
word advice but that's not really
important the problem is when you when
people hear that sort of advice detached
from anything related to their
particular experience the information is
not super useful right well I think that
we I think that I think that a lot of
the experience is that people have
trouble with right now are pretty
universal like obviously there are there
are some unique experiences but I think
a lot of these experiences for like
misery are shared so for instance like
no fulfillment at a job having coming
from a really [ __ ] family being in
really abusive relationships feeling
trapped or stuck
especially after school I think that
there are like a lot of these types of
feelings being aimless in life not
really having a goal or having anything
fun to do feeling disconnected from
other people or friends like I think
these are pretty general things that
come from general places or like shared
experiences that aren't necessarily like
super unique from person to person now
obviously if somebody has like an
abusive background with like sexual
molestation or like a very unique thing
that's different right but no no so so
going with your first category I would
agree
mm-hmm but I feel like the difference is
that a
person in one of those situations may
not so say if you're I don't know if
you're having like relationship troubles
and it's [ __ ] out like the rest of
your life like you're terribly depressed
because of it
so employer plate advice like you know
don't derive yourself worth from other
people and stuff like that mm-hmm
like you know it's good advice but they
may be more reluctant to accept it yeah
well that's the problem like I don't
think anybody has ever heard that and
I'm like oh [ __ ] it's right I should
just like [ __ ] I just judge myself
and not let other people get to me like
Amen brother like I don't think I've
ever heard that you know that's the
problem
so it's like it's really frustrating I
don't know how you would ever package
that up to someone in a way that they
would like internalize it or if it's a
mob yeah I mean the problem is and I
this is what I've been talking around is
the solution for this is professional
help
yeah if someone is depressed or has some
sort of anxiety problem then you know
the solution to that is to go seek
professional help
go find a therapist or a psychiatrist
[Music]
courage from that too because like both
therapists and SSRIs are a lot of
experimentation very imperfect require
you I mean sometimes military you're
talking about psychiatry so I'm just
seeing like a DBT therapist I'm not even
even for therapy though it's the same
like you can wind up with a craziest
[ __ ] Christian therapist you can wind
up with something that's pretty
judgmental like there's a lot of denhams
get on you [ __ ] piece of [ __ ] there's
a lot of like weird [ __ ] that can go on
with that I'm not saying it's bad you
should always go after a therapy but I'm
saying like that's a process yeah it's
not like even the perfect solution isn't
imperfect yeah exactly or the or the
most perfect we have right now right
like if I were to tell you to like go to
the doctor for antibiotics and I were to
tell you now there's like a 50/50 chance
that some of the antibiotics you take
are just literally gonna make you sicker
and not help you at all and you're gonna
have to try this over and over again
till you find like a pill that works
like a lot of people have a really hard
time with that
but for psychiatric drugs it's more or
less what you have to do yeah like you
got a I mean hone in on the dosage for
one you gotta find the particular
cocktail that works but I mean even then
I don't really haven't experienced the
psychiatry so I'm kind of flying blind
wait when you were um and if you if you
don't want to talk about this on stream
feel free to say so
when you were seeing I don't remember
using a therapist or a psychiatrist I
tried for three or four sessions a
therapist yeah okay yes I think you
should always do it I don't like to it's
hard to think about my experience
because I want to generalize it to other
people but like if you I think that if
you have the money for it and you have
problems there's literally no reason not
to pursue therapy yeah I would say I
have had to suspend my credulity uh-huh
for my incredible d4a degree I think
just because a lot of the stuff
particularly in DBT sounds like um I
don't know like spiritual [ __ ] that I
don't really buy into but I mean it's
worked for me so I would definitely say
that it's worth the hundred dollars a
week I'd pay out of my own pocket
because they don't take insurance I
agree I do think that like one of the
mmm yeah [ __ ] it feels frustrating that
like if you want to deal with like
depression stuff like it feels like you
have to take like like a hugely multi it
seems insurmountable I don't know [ __ ]
that's so depressing like you can't I
don't think you can just take a pill or
just take a pill and just go to therapy
like it requires like big like lifestyle
reworkings to the thing that's about
depression so much but stressors are
causing you to be depressed also yeah
but the problem is like once you have
depression you build up this system that
keeps you perpetually [ __ ] right so
for instance not having anybody to talk
to can make you more depressed or make
you feel more isolated well when you get
depressed you don't want to talk to
other people having a shitty sleep
schedule can make you feel more
depressed well when you have depression
often times you sleep half the [ __ ]
day you know like not taking care of
yourself can you lead to you feeling
more depressed and when you get
depressed you start eating like [ __ ] you
don't go to the gym right like I like
when you get stuck at like the bottom of
that pit you have to like go there's
like so much inertia in the other way
that you have to push back against it's
like so difficult
I call them slumps sure yeah the other
thing is depression will generally
made other stressors so say if you have
a stressful job or you're if you're in a
stressful relationship being depressed
even if that to prep the causes of those
of that depression are not related to
whatever other troubles you have will
increase the amount of stress that your
other troubles produce sure but I mean I
don't know I don't I don't want to say
anything that uh lends to be read as
though I'm a supporting someone not
seeking treatment because I mean even
all that stuff the stuff that therapy
can address mm-hmm yeah I mean you
should always seek trim you have to
otherwise you're like the rest of your
life is gonna be [ __ ] miserable
yeah I mean you're resigning yourself to
it essentially if you want was it
anything specifically said that's it
yeah here I if I got I don't give a [ __ ]
I'm gonna get keep I'm gonna get keep
like a mother [ __ ] are you ready are
you ready this is some of the most
extreme gatekeeping you've ever heard in
your entire life here you [ __ ] go are
you ready I don't actually know I don't
know if I consider eSports people to
even be [ __ ] gamers okay there's your
that's your extreme take that's your
extreme take for the day dude I don't
even know if I consider some [ __ ]
eSports people eSports people to be
[ __ ] gamers will you [ __ ] played
only one [ __ ] game your whole life
I remember going around at those [ __ ]
eSports events like the MLG's and [ __ ]
and I actually felt like a [ __ ] nerd
like half the people that played like
[ __ ] Starcraft professionally had
never played ocarina of time had never
played a single final fantasy had never
played a [ __ ] pathetic game you know
fall out two or three like none of these
people they like they literally had like
their one [ __ ] game like that was it
their one game that they did like
eSports right it's like what the [ __ ]
like I I actually feel like the nerd
here like that's so [ __ ] weird that
there are like people like yeah like
Edra was an example there are people
that like that like they have like
they're one eSports game and then that's
it they've never played like a
single-player game in the light they
never played like like Smash Brothers
and I don't mean like as an east over
heels like casually they've never played
like a tech game where they've never
played a mario party or they've never
played you know like any of the
GranTurismo or any of the middle ger
solids any RPG ever any sports game no
[ __ ] NFL Blitz no fight nothing like
just their one eSports game it's like
what the [ __ ]
it's so [ __ ] weird and then to have
people like this like characterized like
man I remember when when gaming used to
be good back when we could [ __ ] on
people relentlessly and it's like damn
dude like I don't know like how big of a
part of your life like gaming was like
I'm not gonna lie like let's be real
like some of the really toxic [ __ ] that
we did back in the game is funny in a
really [ __ ] up way but I wouldn't
characterize my whole history of gaming
is that I don't think that all of the
history that I have in gaming can be
summarized with I was allowed to call
people you know like the F word or the N
word I I don't think that that was like
the defining moments of my childhood and
now that that's gone some important
characteristic of gaming has gone
forever
you know like Manette if I can trigger
the [ __ ] out of me so do you look at
football players not athletes because
they never played basketball or soccer
do you look at football players is not
athletes because they never played
basketball or soccer what an athlete is
an athlete and he sports players and
eSports player the equivalent analogy
would be somebody saying like oh like I
really like playing outdoors like I'm a
big person like I really like doing like
going outdoors and doing stuff and all
they do is play soccer like wait what
that's like the equivalent TFW i am not
a real programmer bc i only know c and
have never coded in python or basic
they're gonna have to know about mental
health stuff why does she have like a
background in that not a good comparison
good i don't give a [ __ ] dude get
triggered i want you to get triggered
[ __ ] actually I think xqc might have I
think we talked about this one time and
I think even he agree do they it's more
analogous to a basketball player who
only dunks never takes a shot and then
the league like bans dunking or some
[ __ ] that's why you stayed silent for
whatever oh no I just I don't like the
idea that like everything in gaming like
all of our gaming stuff is characterized
by like being able to be toxic to people
I don't think that's like I don't think
that's the entirety of like what gaming
was or at least not to me growing up
like it was a lot more than just being
toxic on the internet and then like I
don't know like people pay like people
virtually signal to [ __ ]
hold on if you haven't bred a gold
chocobo to get KOTR in mines Quadra
magic + w summoned that [ __ ] versus ruby
weapon only to get [ __ ] by that
sinkhole you're not a real gamer nice
rip Arista feels I don't um uh yeah I
don't think that all of the I don't
think that all of your early gaming in
your life is a characterized is
characterized by by being toxic as a
[ __ ] that's any only thing single-player
games are real games no but I mean like
a [ __ ] dude I don't know if you've
only played like one game your whole
[ __ ] life and you call yourself a
gamer that's just weird as [ __ ] to me
like if you want to be like a WoW player
or League player like that's fine
but when you're like oh yeah I'm a gamer
and it's like oh [ __ ] like did you see
like this the latest release of this so
what do you thing about this company or
you know like when you think about like
Hideo Kojima's new gamer ever and
they're like who's Hideo Kojima what I
play league like oh ok I guess I was
just weird it's weird to me I think that
was his point just saying that should
talk aspects have sensitize now like he
feels like people weren't around back
then or now gatekeepers for what's toxic
yeah I mean to some extent that's true
but gaming has also gotten like a
trillion times larger than it was before
right like there's so many more people
involved now I think that trade-off is
an OK trade-off to make right I'd rather
have gaming and should be the size that
it is now than to go back when like
you're a [ __ ] virgin at you know it's
cool because you play video games you
know as opposed to now when like tons of
people are doing it when [ __ ]
six-year-olds are doing Fortnight dances
and [ __ ]
[Music]
[Music]
