apparently they cancel the celebrity
poker tournament so I'm literally just
taking a four day vacation from stream
for no [ __ ] reason [ __ ] my life oh I
should add another rule where is fourth
on it if you post on my subreddit that
my subreddit is an entire circle jerk
for me
I'm insta banning you that is the
easiest ban of every sin of my entire
life because you've got to be beyond
[ __ ] delusional to think that my
subreddit Circle Jerks me holy [ __ ]
some guy posted that um even doing
spoiler game I suffered it was circle
jerking me really hard Emily what the
[ __ ] are you talking about
holy [ __ ]
one more dandy yeah I just need to find
a fourth player for my crime campaign
I'm just trying to think of what I want
I think it has to be I think I'm trying
to do two guys in two girls I need to
find one more girl player I'm not sure
how about girl with Yellowstone or
invader B oh I don't know
can you name and shame the organizer
such a veteran I mean I don't know if
the point would be that sounds like a
2012 destiny movie get white nervosa 14
yeah to check of the [ __ ] out of the
whole chat what about Kay Torino she's
one of them right now it's me over you
know in control ja you're not allowed no
stay upstairs
please guys help me I'm not getting
Kaitlyn [ __ ] off guys
oh my god I don't want to pick somebody
for my last campaign because then it'll
look like I hate whoever I didn't pick
like if I pick Lilly and I don't think
like mr. Woodman yeah I know but I would
it feels like a bitterly root to Devin
and I move a little bit
we'll never be really mean that's poking
yeah no it's a big time commitment for
her
I'm gonna ask
have you asked
No why would I ask something which I
know she'll say no to
how do you know I'm not giving her that
satisfaction No
we should ask Miya holy [ __ ] how mad
would miss cocaine yeah
marina eat your food
all of it every single bite do you
better
that is so [ __ ] gross why do you do
that oh my god
Oh yogurt I'm cereal together
[Music]
I'm going to dandy's I can't release any
information I'll give oh no that's top
secret okay two guys and two girls
that's the rule pretty quality
what halfway play D&D I don't know I'm
on I don't know if she would out the
time I'm not sure
confident I'm tempted to share 15 our
daily Auto chest Jones does she really
stream that much water Jones the last 30
days 140 hours 220 son of our auto touch
how can you play that much water chess
the game is not that interesting no
[ __ ] way I don't know she buys candy
and she's traveling a lot known for the
next league month I think oh I guess
reckful is just dreaming about our
chance asked Miami don't try and [ __ ]
her I don't [ __ ] everybody I talk to
okay chill or try to [ __ ] everybody I
talk to you attracted the most okay
[ __ ] slow down there Molina
are you done anything in Canada yet I
think you're exciting I just walked
around a bunch I'll have a new respect
for this province though because most of
you a lot of men are really friendly
and for some reason all the Quebec hands
you meet online are cancerous despot and
sound like they have the worst English
ever I'm actually amazed at how
bilingual this like places like holy
black people here speak really good
English
I feel really good French like the
people that speak English here like you
wouldn't even know they knew French like
they don't have an accent at all they're
like fluent like not like not like
fluent but like fluent and they sound
like they speak English that's [ __ ]
insane like the whole [ __ ] city
that's ridiculous to me
yeah I assumed everybody would sound
like xqc what about what my princess Oh
your prey oh [ __ ] um I don't know if
she's pleased indeed when I'm trying to
get people with experience alright JC g
does JC g really play a lot of D&D no
one likes the columns maybe I might go
back to doing later I think when I tried
it I think I've got an idea to mix like
the casual form of like Monday mail Plus
Collins I think what I might do is I'll
make a post on my subreddit maybe every
Sunday and then you guys can fill it
with questions and then I'll like talk
about like the five most I've voted
things over the course of several hours
in the next Sunday that might be to
compromise because the only problem is
too many people come on - like monologue
for like 5 minutes and I have like
nothing to talk about
the problem with Collins do you clearly
have no interest when the callers want
to talk about I don't think that's true
I mean I know that people mean that and
they're doing nothing I say can
penetrate the [ __ ] stupid level it
means you guys have but like the problem
is that people usually just want to come
on and then talk about like whatever
they want to talk about for like 50
seconds until I don't know why I chose
50 seconds or it's up to like like 5
minutes you know just talk and there's
like not even really room for a
scripture or it'll be like a question or
it'll be like what do you think about
music it'll be like insanely like vague
and it's like I don't know dude like
what like like start with three to five
Candyland I don't it has to be seen it's
played a lot of Dan day before pretty
sure she has well I I just feel it
because I hate women
she's sexist I don't think so like start
with three to five minutes and you can't
engage in the topic Dalek people hang on
fifteen minutes yeah but I feel awkward
telling everybody get the [ __ ] off like
that feels really awkward if you didn't
play a game so you do it you'd realize
that then a minute or two they have
nothing to say quicker no I know it I
realize it immediately I just want to
kick somebody off that just seems really
rude like imagine you like finally get
your chance to talk with destiny and
you're all excited and [ __ ] and then I'm
like alright listen buddy you're real
[ __ ] boring so I'm kicking you out
like I don't know that seems like
horrible to do nothing you ever gonna
put your time into reading history Yeah
right okay put my time in attitude I
don't know maybe I get emails from so
many people that are so disappointing to
me test me why don't you just spend a
little bit of time studying history to
be so much smarter destiny why don't you
just put a little bit of time
understanding physics you'd be so much
smarter destiny why don't you just read
a few books from Conte you'd be so much
better if philosophy destiny why don't
you just go ahead and like take like go
to med school like dasa daily holy [ __ ]
I love history so I've studied it for
over 10,000 hours but I enjoyed so well
I loved League of Legends so there you
go that's the difference between you and
me buddy one has a future in it stop I'm
gonna kill myself playing League of
Legends how do you feel about tea food
suing faze clan I don't know I haven't
kept up on it oh my god I had the worst
dream last night
mr. Mouton was like in my house and I
don't know what I was doing I think I
was just trying to like hang out in my
house and he was like streaming on my
computer on my channel he kept streaming
me and he kept being annoying as [ __ ]
trying to get me to call him an F word
and he kept doing it over and over and
over again and then um and then when he
finally got me to say about being
[ __ ] annoying I called him I was like
get off of me you [ __ ] yeah slur and
then I walked over I ran over to my
computer to turn off the thing and
delete the vaad but he was restreaming
my stream on a history so like it was
safe no matter what and then I woke up
Center huh
you ever work through some stuff in your
dreams I wish I could remember this was
what I worked through a problem my dream
and I woke up and I was like holy [ __ ] I
can actually solve problems my dream
this is amazing and then I looked at
about Wikipedia I was totally wrong I
was gonna be irritated I wish I could
remember what it was I thought it was so
cool and then I woke up I was like this
is some [ __ ] I wonder if you could
reinforce learning patterns like if you
could dream it like an ultra adept level
could you practice like an instrument in
your sleep finishing your food what did
you dream you had a [ __ ] a guy for
charity because his dad killed himself
holy [ __ ] was really bad that's horrible
yeah well we got a lot of fatherless
people in Chad now are you done engaging
with the psychic dude I never engage
that why should this I could dude I
don't carry that much but if you're
pulling a show with someone like that
some theorize it promotes learning
dreaming does I've never oh there I've
never heard that before is it like
backed up by a study what do you mean
yeah you know much about it yeah yeah
you do yeah what about it
asking if you know oh well yeah I know
everything okay I've read over 10,000
Wikipedia articles all right really
yeah
he'll st omaha friday alice feels like
an all-day thing and while I'm there I
wanna be able to hang out with Nathan
some probably member when do you Nathan
do together
more probably go to the zoo at least and
then I don't know whatever else he wants
to do do you still believe alcohol leads
to only one kind of drunk there isn't a
difference between drunk from beer or
drunk from tequila I've never heard that
before I guess it's possible I guess
I've heard some people say like tequila
drunk but
I don't know I have an experience
different kinds of drunk it's all drunk
to me I've never gotten drunk off a beer
before though yeah no I hate beer [ __ ]
it's disgusting I don't probably not
much okay cuz it's just 909 just
something I hate the taste I think you
feels like like old kids have that
[Music]
I didn't know well people were busy
drinking alcohol I stayed at home and I
studied the Wikipedia I've never had a
beer before mail or like I've driver
here it tastes gross
I've tried dark beers I've tried IPAs
I've tried like why would I want to
learn how to drink something when I
could have a hot chocolate I want to
feel good I just get [ __ ] up on wrong
do you like that not really but it's
easy to do shots of like vodka or
[ __ ] Captain Morgan and the same [ __ ]
like that why would I want to learn you
drink beer because it feels good [ __ ]
that like it's nice no I'm good social I
think he can pretty much learn drink
would I eat anything
probably well probably not anything oh
are you done yeah we put our like dishes
away I'll bear back on second yeah you
can do you like the backhoe smoking
tobacco
No why not try it like anyone I learn to
like it it's not bad try snooze neither
is beer what three days rings what kind
of screams [ __ ] you
learn Swedish learn Swedish yeah after
you learn English sorry what
Thanks I'm trying to watch a woman get
[ __ ] a bike each other
nice
get I got worried about clicking
not-safe-for-work links in public Intuit
it's
the only person were the only two people
in this whole room I think I'm okay
Elina
get the [ __ ] off your phone talk to us
what's your name what's your middle
names they will never know never how
Serena okay Wow
actually because of my name
you're big what am I like I'm very
connected to the show Oh cuz Shh nothing
less sure she'll know how to spell my
name I don't care
shot arena Wow it's no good ch instead
okay hella name is Jeff arena
hello nice chunk chattery no Serena Dan
do we have a date for Hawaii it I'm went
off my plans need to be a way more
solidified before I leave again I can't
believe how much fun this what Dan know
the guy that planned this stayed home
and stream the whole time he was smart
well he didn't plan any - somebody sends
you here not streaming so you could take
all the viewers yep okay can I leave you
guys let me go hang out with a friend of
them go to Nebraska and Utah Molina to
name all the Swedish ice creams
Genovese
Logan
very London
she doesn't know [ __ ] about ice cream
that's what she just said what happened
is Jamie poker it literally got canceled
so because apparently they didn't they
weren't able to book enough players for
jiminee canceled like showing up they
cancelled it so I'm just in Canada
[ __ ] jerking myself off for four days
losing hundreds of subs not streaming
probably decaying out of Diamond 3 which
is the real big deal you live with me
yeah I don't need to come to Canada for
melting watch this
did you see in this trick watch before
you okay and I said well [ __ ] ask me
[ __ ] [ __ ] anymore why the [ __ ] are
you still playing it loud new music
