yeah I'm gonna meet you yeah thank you
hear me yeah what's up buddy yeah not
much all right
that's going with you pretty good do you
want to start things off with the main
thing I want to talk about cuz you seem
like yeah knock yourself out dude okay
so basically the main the main thing I
wanted to talk about was abortion
followed by I have a few other things
just I kinda want to discuss kind of
like I'm not like super seriously what
do you uh what do you wanna start with
um [ __ ] we can do abortion real quick
cuz this one is like really I've done
this a million times
okay but so I want to argue it on two
fronts so you got the scientific front
and you got the philosophical front what
do you wanna start with there whichever
with a scientific one okay so first I
know we have to go through this what do
you how do we define us as human so from
a scientific point of view we can look
at consciousness being alive the the
human form the ability to think and feel
right I mean I that my definition of
human is your genetics that's what I
define it as but like the question this
question of what do we define as human
this is like a this is a moral integer
not a scientific one or philosophical
question is right but we can use science
sure science can inform our answer okay
so okay so consciousness so first of all
research shows that conscious
consciousness doesn't occur in fetuses
for about 24 to - until about 24 to 28
weeks through right okay and then the
ability to feel pain is also something
that isn't right off the bat okay and
the ability to interact with one's
environment is you can also like argue
that fetuses don't interact with their
environment until they exit the womb
right okay so there's a few things that
define us as human what else from a self
philosophical point of view is a name
right
usually we as humans have names yeah I
reject this but go ahead okay no why
because I don't think I'm having a name
has any bearing on whether or not you
should get more consideration in society
no but as a human we usually like
interact with humans with the names
right okay okay so there's some things
that that we build like ourselves to be
as human like what what I don't
understand because what you're trying to
say is we can't abort fetuses because
they're humans and they have the rights
like everyone else right well from an
ethical point of view yeah but
pragmatically I would never be in favor
of banning abortion but go ahead no I
know I really respect that okay but from
from a different like so your only
reason is that you think fetuses are
human yeah it's the best definition I
can come up with yeah so would you say
that stems from your like past is there
like someone who's been in religion no
it's just I'm searching for the most
consistent definition of what is human
and like formation but there's no
definition of human that's thing well of
course
so my destination is the moment of
conception that's what I choose because
it's kind of arbitrary but it seems to
be the best the one that makes me feel
the best I guess
so you'd argue like the embryo is I go
yeah the literal second the ovum that
semen come together or whatever you see
that's that's the problem where like you
can't really argue against that but I do
want to try to argue against some kind
of Moore's like strong definition of
human why I feel like my definition is
strongest that's why I like it if you've
got a better definition then all you
like it because that's the I mean yeah
sure you can like that but I mean most
people wouldn't classify that as most
people wouldn't classify that as like
the strong because as a strong
definition of a human it's just as just
an embryo okay yeah what's your
definition then so my definition is
generally some who's alive or someone
who has someone whose consciousness oh
yeah okay one thing at a time so someone
who's alive what do mean by that No
okay what I mean is like your cells are
active and moving okay well that I mean
as I go counts as that so you've got a
definition right yeah no no I'm going
through piece by piece okay yeah okay so
so consciousness or then consciousness
okay so consciousness is something that
you think and then makes us human is
there a reason why um because we can't
really function as humans without
consciousness well I was hope that's
what difference she's differentiates us
from just sure okay
just curious if somebody is say like
knocked into a coma or whatever do you
would you consider that person still
human even though they've kind of like
temporarily been like rendered
temporarily but if it's a permanent
thing that could be that could be
debated
so if somebody is um if somebody is in a
coma for like two or three years right
and then wakes up was that person
inhuman during the time they were in a
coma no no not really because they have
to blanch ill to wake up and become
human again or they right exactly so how
is that different from the fetus in
terms of experience in consciousness
when a fetus will eventually grow to be
conscious because they never they never
like there's a starting point for
someone in a coma right uh-huh
they were defined as a human they go
into carne there you go into a coma and
they come out and they didn't lose the
ability the existence of human being a
human during that point but but a fetus
never has that from the start this is
something like this is not like this is
a philosophical sure yeah I understand I
guess I'm just I'm not really
comfortable that but okay okay that's
fine
what are you worried about like a human
form like I'm talking very generally a
human form what does human form in not
not like an animal I it's it's just very
hands are a type of animal what does
that mean right but not like you were
not like a dog like just you know we
have were bipedal for the most part and
two arms ahead like two gorillas count
as like human form or um someone they're
very close to us but they're not human
because they don't possess some of the
other things that right okay you don't
have you don't have to completely agree
that's for sure the ability to think or
the ability to feel like pain or emotion
something like that these just seem like
dumb ways to define like I feel like I
don't feel like I'm a human because I I
don't know because I like to feel pain
that like makes me human but what about
the ability to think as well um I mean I
don't feel like you can think much
before you're like 2 years old what
anybody think I guess I mean think means
you can process like more complex like
people before 2 years old can process
like visual stimuli and like physical
stimuli all these kinds of things yeah
but I mean fetuses can as well they hear
things in the womb right goodbye sir
yeah but there's no evidence that they
really process that well of course there
is there is evidence I think um I'm
sorry yeah hold on sorry so like I'm
pretty sure that like you can listen to
different things in the womb that will
elicit certain responses isn't there um
I feel like I might be making this up I
would have to look it up
I can't forget who says identify voices
in the womb I feel like there's like
empirical data that shows that as well
but I know that they responded which is
because okay so if if I make take a
break from the definition of human for a
moment uh-huh I do want to kind of take
this from the point of so you took a
stance when you're debating incest that
is a morally neutral action right um
generally uh like you mean like in
certain scenario and certain cases for
example yeah well then incest yourself
is morally neutral right males who
didn't have a power dynamic like that as
long as you're not committing any other
thing that would be morally bad like for
instance like petty or something yeah I
agree so I want to take the the debate
of abortion from a morally neutral point
of view rather than going straight to a
morally negative or the offensive view
okay and so yeah and the the reason is
and the reason and like what I can go
into is I can find specifics where I
would argue strongly that it's a morally
a neutral like action to [ __ ] a fetus
for example if you board a fetus within
the first twelve to fourteen weeks I
think most of the data points do them
like not not really processing much
which means I can say that that's a
morally neutral point like morally
morally neutral action okay well yeah of
course I mean that's based on your
definition of who you can abort right
yeah what should we consider a human
rather right um sure well like for
example in the first 12 to 14 weeks they
don't feel pain for the most part like
studies show I don't disagree that yeah
but I don't necessarily value that is
like a human trait or something but they
don't even kick they don't interact with
their environment sure they they're very
they're not really in the human form yet
okay here listen okay so let's skip all
this okay so I am in I think I'm an
egoist of some form or whatever in terms
of like how I derive my moral systems or
a lack of moral systems whatever
basically my worry is okay I exist as a
person and I wouldn't want something to
happen that would make me not exist as a
person like I basically want to ensure
that I have created a society and some
in some way that kind of like ensures
that I am as safe as possible so the
idea that somebody could have ended my
life prematurely is something that I'm
not necessarily okay with so in order to
bring me on board with the abortion is
okay ma'am I feel like that's the
argument and I might I don't I'm not
even super strongly attached to
current abortion argument I got a
problem I might change that in the
future as well but like that's just
that's basically where I come from so
when you talk to me about these things
like what can you feel pain bla bla bla
bla bla I don't generally care about
that what I'm more concerned is the fact
that like okay [ __ ] I could have been
killed at like 15 weeks and [ __ ] nothing
would have like protected me like that's
pretty shitty like and I and I don't
want to expose myself to a situation
like that in the future due to like some
sort of rational inconsistency so for a
seizure so let's say for instance I come
to the conclusion that um okay well some
people some people are okay to kill or
murder right so murdering as in killing
somebody without provocation but some
people are okay to murder in certain
scenarios that's something that I'm
generally very uncomfortable with
because if I've made that concession
logically then maybe I hit a point in
the future let's say by the time you hit
65 years old somebody says well all the
empirical data points it at this point
you're a net drain on society it would
actually be better to kill you and we
could just transfer your wealth to your
children slippery slope argument yeah do
some accenture and i would say well hold
on wait wait whoa just because you can
kill me no a benefit to society I don't
to be [ __ ] killed like [ __ ] that and
then it's like well okay but you kind of
made the same argument for abortion how
can you defend yourself now and you
might still be able to but that's kind
of the thing I worried about here but no
I see what you're coming from but like I
guess from where our from where I'm
coming from is that I think that that
doesn't really apply if you don't start
off as being you because when you're
talking about people they're they're
human for their to our lives until maybe
some some rules to note that they don't
become human Eboni anymore after 65 was
your example sure but I don't really see
fetus isn't the same like I don't think
that's really equivalent because they
don't start off as human yeah that's not
the problem is that like the detection
of human is somewhat arbitrary and to
try to figure out what a concrete
definition is very [ __ ] hard and I
have a really good one that I like more
than well your genetics right which is
what I don't like taking a like a
certain standard like exact stance on
anything because there's obviously
exceptions anywhere right mm-hmm so I
probably am I probably be on board too
not like not from a legal point because
I think you should be able to get an
abortion whenever but from a morally
point of view I think it makes sense to
say that it's murder after say the
second trimester because a lot of things
are developed
yeah sure and then the way that I kind
of challenged your point and maybe this
isn't rational maybe I'm doing this one
an emotional level but like if you give
me some
definition by which you've become human
at this point that means that like five
seconds prior to that you weren't human
and I'm I guess that's a very hard thing
for me to like cognitively embrace being
like what like what point like in a like
from one so like let's say you're like
well it's let's say it's like being
conscious in the womb or whatever like
that's when you become human it's like
okay five seconds prior to that I was
not human and then I just became human
because I became conscious like yeah I'm
not called that
that's kind of like at what point does
like a like like collection of things
become a pile I can say you have a grain
of rice you keep adding greens and what
number what count does it become like a
pile over a pile of rice right well not
necessarily because I think that because
earlier you referenced a kind of
something when you were talking about
like shape or form of a human I would
argue that we become a distinct thing
you know you're not a collection or a
pile that the moment of conception is
the creation of you is a distinct
separate physical entity that that is a
separate defining like concise moment
right I guess I I see we're coming from
otherwise everything is like this very
weird like Loki's wagered kind of thing
where I don't know where one thing
starts and one thing ends and it's like
very rock and hard to find yeah III
think like you said you'd like to make
dad different arguments and I think that
you can't really can't we can't make a
data we can't make a data-driven
argument here when cuz this is a 100
percent philosophical argument is when
do you become a human there's a
philosophical but it can be influenced
by science well it's kind of the other
way around that our philosophy would
influence how we would use the science
to influence how we would write so like
for instance let's say for instance we
were to say okay I think that when we
experience pain that's what makes us
human well okay you can think that so
now you've used philosophy to get a
value for some scientific thing and now
we can use science to investigate that
thing but the only reason we're using a
scientific tool to investigate that
thing is because we decided to value it
initially right so it's essentially a
philosophical claim even if we're using
science to investigate it does that make
sense okay so um I know I can't really
argue if you're like hard stuck on the
conception because like you said it's a
philosophical debate yeah I agree
and it's super subjective which I guess
I always come out here expecting maybe
you'd not like [ __ ] like I don't
you have your you have your opinion
because as long as you agree that should
be legally available I don't care to try
to change yeah for sure and I think
mainly I just I wanted to come on
because I've never debated before and I
wanted to try it out and I thought that
was something I disagreed with so maybe
I maybe I tried but if you're stuck on
it
I've got like obviously you know the
science and whatnot but if your heart
stuck there's no real like beyond
philosophical disagreement that we can
get further on this sure well hey I love
you I appreciate the conversation buddy
you can do one more thing pick one more
important thing on your list go for it
do you agree with probably yeah I think
so yeah okay what about generally okay I
just wanted to ask you like what do you
think about political discourse on
YouTube it's [ __ ] cancerous as [ __ ] so
like why do you think the the left has
so like why do you think the left has
such less like I'd say that the left has
a lot less viewership than the right a
lot of aspects yeah my the general
argument it goeth and I'm sure it's
probably it's probably a variety of
issues but I think the hardest thing is
that for left-leaning arguments you
typically have to be more educated to
understand them and right-leaning
arguments feel very good they're very
intuitive they're very emotionally
driven and left-leaning ones involved
like there's just so much fact and [ __ ]
there's so much homework that you've got
to do in order to embrace a position
like that
oh yeah totally like I mean because a
lot of the right seems to be like like
[ __ ] sjw's or whatnot right
and yeah that well that unlike their
positions are generally like very
emotional ones for instance like how do
you become successful like work [ __ ]
hard okay well that's a feel-good
argument and I see people do that and I
can like intuitively believe that so
that sounds better than well let's talk
about you know the structure of society
and the unearned advantages and
disadvantage to the groups of people
like that's a much more complicated
argument you know yeah there's a lot of
youtubers that like on the right are
surround the left like for example H
bomber guy counterpoints yeah potholer
isn't political youtuber but he's like
he likes to like debate like anty anty
climate change kind of guys and
generally sorry way yeah
like he tried to debate Crowder but
Crowder backed out because he's a
[ __ ] idiot yeah but yeah I'd say that
it seems like you need to have a little
more patience which seems like people in
society you don't really have patience
for like thought and yeah at least for
the intent for the United States a lot
of it just comes down to intelligence
and a lot of like surveys and
Republicans are like yeah and pretty
sure like I've got like people email me
studies and [ __ ] that like social social
conservatives it's like you can predict
it or predict like lower IQs and one
other than general people as well so I
mean it kind of makes sense it's like if
you're an idiot you're more willing to
embrace like certain positions that have
no empirical basis whatsoever I don't
know how many other people have done but
I've actually kind of like fallen into
the trap like when I was like a few
years ago I got to listening to like
Peterson all these other guys just
because it was the anti hgw thing and
you know from a from a surface point it
makes like it's logical right these
things are these people are saying stuff
that is not is either just ridiculous
or it's stuff that's not nuanced at all
yeah and then they're responding with
something that you feels logical and you
feel good about being sighted with yeah
but then if you look at them from any
more point of view than just like the
