welcome to the DT podcast episode 31 how
you guys doing today I'm joined here by
my co-host trihex and we are going to
talk about stuff today
cool yeah we got I have a week we have a
great podcast parade today I got a we
got probably recapping the Democratic
debates from last night we have an open
dialogue about open versus closed
relationships I'd love to get into it we
ran out of time to do last week and we
got some some you know some
light-hearted clickbait stuff like taco
bell just casually recalling 2.3 million
pounds of seasoned beef anything about
any Taco Bell fans out there no crickets
nothing no who is it who it would idents
a like I'm a fan of Taco Bell
Murari are you are you kidding me like
have you not seen uh you know honestly I
don't know who's a bigger bigger
consumer is that Millennials whereas it
Zoomers now I kind of wonder I feel like
Millennials Millennials have like jobs
and [ __ ] like and make more money than
the one event uh Zoomers which money the
little money that Zoomers have though I
mean if you got five bucks I mean where
you gonna go right like if you have only
five bucks where would a Zoomer home
cameras for Taco Bell oh I don't know
yeah I mean it's the honestly I don't
know I'm not [ __ ] Zoomer so I wouldn't
[ __ ] know at this point I don't know
what a sixteen year old even does these
days I'm so far removed I realize with
mumble rap and just like some of the
modern music now that I don't even know
I think I'm so far removed from what the
typical 15 year old is thinking or
feeling at this point uh-huh
I feel for them but I don't know why I
guess like even for poor food like I
would rather go McDonald's or maybe I'm
biased I remember when I was super poor
I survived off of those McDonald's
double cheeseburgers two dollars would
get you two double cheeseburgers two
McDonald's a night that would be like a
like a full [ __ ] dinner for me holy
[ __ ] that was crazy
do you remember when the when the oh
wait recession happened and like Burger
King not thing I became a Burger King
had the the buck double where it was
like it was a double Pat double cheese
double patty like decently sized double
cheeseburger for one dollar no and it
was literally it was confirmed to be
able
Asli never breaking like it was meant to
get you in the door drinks and fries and
Shannon yes all they surprised they were
all high profit margin and bro like all
my friends were all wrong that [ __ ] do
we all would go there and just everyone
order like three to four but doubles a
cup of water and just like live off of
that that's crazy I never um yeah the
cup of water I mean you'll get sprite or
some [ __ ] of course I never actually um
I never actually I liked I used to like
Burger King burgers I don't know what
changed I used to think that Burger King
burgers were a little bit better than
the McDonald's ones but I think done
less was cheaper so well well then you
move then you move to Glendale and you
know now you're now you're like you're
you're gluten-free
well this was like ten years ago okay
and I'm not gluten-free vegan nice try
though okay you sure you're not just
court Booker stressed about it a [ __ ]
ton laughter let me know as the only
vegan on this he and he played right at
us again I'll do so Burger King here was
the downfall of Burger King okay I'm
really sorry my chat disagrees with me
sometimes on my food takes even though
everything I say is objectively just 100
not true but I'm gonna drop a true facts
here okay if you disagree with it you
need to step back and reconsider okay
this was the set this was the sign of
the end okay this was like the true
beginning of the downfall for Burger
King when Burger King decided to make
their french fries fat one of the worst
decisions Burger King at a point in time
actually had better french fries than
McDonald's and then they switched to fat
ass nasty [ __ ] no crinkle no flavor
huge hunks of [ __ ] potato french
fries with such a bat and they're still
like that
they're horrible oh my god working so
long I don't even this whenever they had
the whole fry pod marketing we're like
oh maybe actually and that might have
come later but like they liked smoking
it they try to market fries yeah those
are actually good I'll wait those okay
because that this is like my last night
working actively it was pretty much
before 2009 because that's whenever I
got like the food poisoning and I was
like all right dude I got it
I can't be eating like I can't be eating
fast food every single day like I
clearly I feel like [ __ ] and I have to
become healthier now so own I got woke
on just like wanting to like
give a [ __ ] about my health style and I
help my health and my style so I kind of
I I just immediately cut cold on on a
lot of bad things which included Burger
King yeah so I don't I don't I'm not
really familiar with their menu at this
point so I don't even know like what
their fries are or we cannot be diet
elitist it's like you Triax sound oh my
god cuz clearly I clear I'm just sitting
here you know [ __ ] on everyone in
Shaffer you know obviously consuming
Taco Bell regularly I hope you enjoy
your metal shavings in your head and
your ground beef by the way what the
[ __ ] oh you know cries are actually good
with a little bit of salt and pepper
that's actually a band will comment but
okay Oh real quick wait we should talk
about this real quick rather some before
the show I think we mentioned this
before you mentioned how it feels [ __ ]
to you that um you like people go to you
to ask like what how is trihard to use
does an emote like you're like the token
represented rid of her I think it's like
many many many episodes but like this is
like a phenomenon in society where if
you're a minority character you're
usually called in as a representative of
your whatever class you are and this
only happens to people that aren't like
the majority so like is an example of
this if I do something like really bad
or really stupid no one is ever going to
say that like I make all men look bad or
I make all white people look bad just
never happens because like white male
like straight is like the kind of like
the default but if you do something bad
then it's gonna like try X you're kind
of making black people look bad here
like this makes black people again right
like if you're a minority person you're
always kind of like called as like a
you're treated like a representative of
like your entire race it's never like
bad on its own you're making like your
whole group that or I don't know if
you've seen this in eSports but like if
a guy does something about in eSports
nobody ever says like oh you're making
all men look bad but if a woman does
something about it because what's like
oh well this is hurting like all women
in eSports sounds like yeah right yeah
it's a double standard effectively
behind of yeah yeah that's just like an
interesting kind of shitty thing that
minority people kind of deal with in a
lot of different areas although you had
a resolve you're like okay I'm ready
here like you know no the result
there's no resolve that's just a
phenomenon it you have to deal with and
there's nothing you can do about it yeah
another good example of this is like
this is like one of my favorite examples
do you watch the Ghostbusters wanted to
oh it's been a long time
your friend I'd like a new one people
didn't like Ghostbusters to that much
I'm talking about Ghostbusters - not the
remake but that goes one where they use
like the sludge or whatever on that the
painting guy but like nobody in the
history of like all of mankind has ever
said like that movie was bad because it
was all men no one's ever said that but
if you've got a movie with the cast of
all women instead of you saying like oh
well that was a [ __ ] movie it's that was
a [ __ ] movie because it had women in it
right like it's it's like yeah yeah the
2016 girls clothes we've got a lot of
busts back because it was like I know
some men took it to offense that it was
like a all-female cast oh yeah and it's
like well nothing is ever bad because
it's an all-male cast but there can be
bad things because they're all female
gasps or like if you cast a character
that's like straight or trans like oh
well this is a shitty movie because you
have a gay character for no reason it's
like okay well firstly we don't need
reasons to be gay and secondly like
you've never said this is a [ __ ] movie
because it was a straight character for
no reason right you just assume that
that's the default the the reason why
this happens is because like you have an
assumed default role which is you
typically like white straight affluent
english-speaking male on that anytime
you deviate from that well you need a
reason right how many times you heard
something like why did that character
have to be black why did that character
have to be Asian why did that character
have to be a female or gay it's like
well in real life people just are they
don't need reasons but anytime you
deviate you like have to justify it you
know yeah no yeah actually right even I
was written to this honestly I actually
in fact if I want to recall here from
the past there was a past episode of the
podcast where I was like why what did I
say here dude I said uh dude did you
feel that making trace or gay as onion
was I was a minority plea or like a know
a diversity plea right now and then you
like you called me on I was like oh
you're right actually I'm a victim of
that conditioning where are ya this
white male is the is the stock
characteristics here yeah I've made it
had to be it shouldn't have to be a
reason it should just magically be like
you know yeah I've made similar
arguments in the past or that I think
are kind of dumb now looking back on it
I still I don't know if maybe I'll
change my opinion on this in the future
I still don't like when somebody makes
somebody like um went oh man hold on
let's see I don't know if it's gonna be
really done what I'm about to say I
don't like it when people make like an
LGBT character and like a show and their
LGBT Ness is
the entirety of their idea I don't like
drea
I feel like that's like a little bit
like it still leaves a bad taste my
mouth maybe that's a dumb opinion of me
but yeah dunno I'm still not comfortable
that I always thought that what am i
wasn't normalize it feels like it's
overreaching well I get the the the
intention over the overreach to give
more light on I guess what's like to be
gay or LGBTQ but yeah that it comes off
as like disingenuous and or just like
yeah like when you have like the gay
character that's like hey so I'm gonna
go sit the cosmopolitan and then go back
to my fashion designer job like I guess
it's like it's not horrible but it's
like if that's like the only kind of gay
representation you get in meat it's like
oh I guess all gay people are literally
like fashion designing like Mark
Manuel's metrosexual ask people yeah
yeah I don't know if that's an okay I
always thought one of my favorite
examples because it's a word yeah have
you did you ever see the Dexter show no
I always thought like when a really good
example was like there was a guy one of
the like people the Dexter like hunts
for a little bit and then helps her
whatever who's like a murderer assassin
guy ends up being gay but that but it's
just like he was just gay I think he had
a boyfriend they reference it everything
but he wasn't like super like flamboyant
or metrosexual like he was like yeah I
don't know I think that kind of
representation is good or like in James
Bond that gay character in one of the
James Bond movies was at Skyfall would
the enemy guy that was I think he was
gay but he was also like gay in a really
creepy about it mmm
yeah oh all my little from the wires a
really good example okay yeah for sure
that was a ball I saw um Casino Royale
Quantum of Solace sure but I see Skyfall
okay but uh but no yeah a real odd and
clear on that one though yeah I even
I've been victim of it though even I've
met some friends who I found out like
later in the conversation that they were
gay and it kind of caught me off guard
because I was like I just you know I
just fill in the blanks know the Google
autofill is straight white male until or
I guess or something along that line you
know just this white male until uh until
I hear otherwise you know there was no
flamboyancy and they're in their gayness
and I didn't know any better and so
whenever it was like oh oh cool that's
actually cool it kind of caught me off
guard like now that I was Julian
in here but I thought that was like uh
uh huh I rose at that sociology was kind
of a play yeah yeah like LGBT people
come like in all flavors there was
actually [ __ ] I'll send this to you
after there was a really good I don't
know if this was Vox I don't think it
was Sarah like vice or something there
was like a ten minute thing on the
difference between gay voices and
straight voices and they walk you
through the life of like two different
men for like two minutes each you know
one guy with a very deep masculine voice
the other guy with like they're very
high like feminine voice and then the
guy talks about how like some gay people
motto the voices differently or some
people model their voices off the mother
versus the father and it goes into
differences and then at the end they
pulled the big switcheroo and you found
out the guy with the high voice is
actually very super straight and the guy
with the very low Mashka voices actually
like the super gay one and it's like oh
I had a moment like this actually yeah
and even I didn't realize this until I
went to a pax pax West like four years
ago I think three or four years ago and
I stayed with it was me and my
girlfriend and then three gay guys but
all of them I don't know if I should say
like they sounded straight but they
weren't like the stereotypical like gay
voice whatever and I never even
considered it up to that point they're
like oh wait they're probably like a lot
of gay people that don't have like the
gay accent and like do the like the very
flamboyant things like it's probably
like a lot of people that just like look
like everybody else heard everything
okay yeah yeah the longer hang out in
like California if I ever go visit to HQ
or find Sam Cisco al I like the
diversity pool is so strong there that
you don't get that you really can't make
a real I need out there I don't know
who's gay I'll know who straight doesn't
really bother me or concern me actually
everyone the same regardless yeah yeah I
I just you don't know really yeah let's
try that I wish I had a cool story to
tell you about that but it was like just
I don't know every everyone is so
diverse there that or the pool is so
diverse there guys don't really know
Gaidar a feather who doesn't exist to me
an SF comparatively
we could be right here you know then you
come out to Louisiana and it's like just
uh-huh super yeah super very different
out here I'm at comparison okay alright
but what are we going to first what do
you want what do you want what do I got
here well yeah I got a uh well we got
the the elf in the rumors obviously the
DIMM debates do you prefer we do the the
big topics that can obviously bleed over
time or do we do the small topics that
will close quickly and then leave the
big ones towards the end I'm not really
sure like we have really discussed the
meta of what we want to do with our to
our time slot here hit the small ones
first hit the small ones first yeah okay
let's see here so we got hmm
if you want to go over a cool one I got
for you there is so speaking of San
Francisco oh my god what was that well I
read a comment yesterday that was such a
good comment you wanna talk about the
China [ __ ] well this is in my head no
yeah so it goodbye China you mean the
the bliz the blizzard yeah blizzard
reaction I'm actually so LeBron NBA
stuff this is the only time in my life
yeah in general the little Brennan and
the blizzard stuff all of it this is the
first time of my life where somebody
wrote a comment and I read it and I was
like I am so disappointed that I didn't
think of this on the spot okay China
censorship that's what we'll call this
section so okay when I was on the
scuffed podcast with train racks and a
bunch of other people j-jake was there
right and when we started talking about
the China stuff everybody wanted to be
careful and everybody wanted to like
mute and talk to Jake and make sure that
was okay for him to say stuff before he
had to leave right mm-hmm
and eventually what oh oh I'm sorry Jake
Jake and bake is like a niya rostrum it
spends a lot of time in China Oh Jake
yeah why would Jacob make me consult him
beforehand is he like because he goes to
trying to in and out of China like he's
a really big streamer so like if it says
like stuff that's too negative out the
Chinese government he might get banned
for entering or something like that
right okay
so all of us were everyone on the
podcast me included we're sympathetic to
Jake we didn't want him to like do
anything that would harm his ability to
go to China or anything like that so we
were like okay we can just say a couple
words and leave because all of us were
friends with Jake and then he said a
couple things so he left and then we
started talking about the Chinese topic
do you know what like pretty much
everybody else like was kind of saying
except for like me and dev and I think
it was then like it was about like the
blizzard topic that basically like
blizzard was a [ __ ] that was selling out
hard that the Chinese [ __ ] is horrible
that uh that like companies shouldn't
fold over for China and all that stuff
like they basically the same narrative
that you hear are you hearing about a
little abroad now and everything
hmm one thing though that somebody
pointed out was nobody called out Jake
for doing essentially what we're
criticizing blizzard and liberal LeBron
and everybody else for doing which is
Jake actually and all of us defended
Jake folding to not saying anything bad
about China because all of us on that
podcast wanted Jake to be able to go to
China and to do things into not
jeopardize his position there but nobody
on the podcast thought of that and then
everybody went back to railing on
blizzard like oh like blizzards cooking
out there doing things just so that he
can maintain their foothold in China
blah blah blah blah blah but nobody had
a problem with Jake leaving the podcast
to protect his position there
that's um yeah I thought that was like
super super super difference there is a
you know the other ones you know we can
just we can just attack a corporation
for for bowing to uh do an external
government but like I mean you can say
that but that's like the really like
child way to view it the real the real
fact yeah because the real facts is that
like if Blizzard were to get hurt people
are gonna get fired from their job
people are gonna get laid off people
might get paid less like that's gonna
have a downstream impact something
Blizzard or anybody's gonna keep these
same employee base while they lose that
whole market like there's people's jobs
are gonna be impacted by that yeah yeah
that's a that's true but people are
saying is girlfriend is training I bet
Blizzard employees and made Chinese
girlfriends my minor thing there would
probably be well if the game
developments if the game developers had
like we're able to unionize maybe they
have better protections against the
folding of the company I know it's kind
of you're entering a toxic [ __ ] and
you're expecting to be treated fairly
ultimately when obviously needs like the
need unions to be able to be protected
better well not even it doesn't matter
like twenty there's no way that like you
have access to a Chinese market you lose
that whole market and a union protects
all those jobs like they're gonna get
laid off like there's no possible
negotiation there that's gonna keep them
there right certainly
yeah but at the same time I know if
guess if you don't view the Chinese
government as morally aligned with what
you what you would personally want then
huh what's the greater good here is that
is the greater good always economic
populist I was like well no I actually
like the idea of people like going out
and like cuz it's our it's our job to do
it corporations aren't gonna do it it's
our job to step out we're not publicly
traded ones it's our job to step out and
say like hey this is [ __ ] this is
wrong so like I think it's fair to
criticize people like LeBron like LeBron
you need to step out and speak against
us like this is like if anyone's gonna
do it it's [ __ ] you right like Jesus
Christ what your doesn't do it there's
no checks and balances effectively just
get steamrolled right yeah what is this
net worth because he 450 million like
you can you can afford to do this dog
like you can step out to say something
but arguably you could say that like
people like Jake maybe - although
yeah I mean it sucks but like yeah I
don't know I thought that was a
an interesting point they were spread up
to that's a very bad thing actually
don't know do we have them cuz when we
talked about last week here we didn't
have the resolve now we now have I think
after our episode last week
Activision responded or akan bozon
responded to the whole thing giving
their statement and reduced the the the
the infractions distributed now where
he's only getting a I forget me I forget
his name here and opens with the I know
he had a year suspension and lost all
his tournament revenue now he's getting
all this term revenue is only getting a
six month suspension huh a call so
they've kind of like they tried of like
corn coke course correct a little bit
more and said that the Chinese
censorship or Chinese like government
possibility of of being of having their
statements misconstrued had nothing to
do with it just like okay whatever do
you yeah didn't they didn't they say
they were gonna they were gonna give him
his prize money too right they were
gonna undo that his prize prize money
his term in revenue and only give him
six months rather than twelve months off
of suspension from the tournament league
but when I was like why don't I was
blowing some of this down we were
talking about jaqen baked China
censorship LeBron James unions company
to actually what it okay so I know
LeBron said that the the initial thing
right the tweet from the Houston Rockets
owner or CEO whatever whatever he is
that's what start the whole the whole
thing right the start that's all started
the whole NBA incident uh-huh but then
LeBron Compton on this week saying that
he didn't know all the context that the
the Houston Rockets got in all the
context right it kind of wanted like
dial it back in a little bit more what
happened since then with the Bron though
that's kind of my question I think he
had another he had another comment since
then but I didn't get to catch what he
what he had said if you happen to know I
don't know I haven't followed the LeBron
stuff that much I just know that people
are being super critical of him because
apparently he walked back a harsher
statement on China and people say it was
like cooking up for money or whatever
yeah I don't know it's man yeah that's a
it's a tough situation to be in for
LeBron or really anybody because yeah
you have to be like the I know all eyes
are on you essentially matter like no
matter what you do like essentially both
ends are gonna give you backlash right
from one camp or the other whether it be
yeah it's hard
it's hard yeah it's a mentally very very
straining so it's kind of like it's kind
of never you put that you put in that
situation you kind of like just for a
lower stress environment you kind of
want to just do status quo and just kind
of like past a potato somebody else and
make it someone else is obligated to
like say or do anything about that so
yeah but [ __ ] I'm sorry I forgot
where else lingo just now I apologize
here I thought I have like one more
there's one more spicy point it was
weird something about the Blizzard
statement and what what the gentleman
did after that now but I want to talk
about okay one of the commentators did
say that he was done he was gonna quit
right that he uh yeah one I don't
remember who it was yeah yeah and I'm
wondering uh where he goes now you know
because you bring a good pointer writers
like uh there are consequences
ultimately the company you know active
if that this wasn't secured a Chinese
market and continue their their their
their revenue shares they'll lay people
off they do it anyway by the way so
people said admirable I don't know who
any of these [ __ ] casters are a song
that's an Islander law yeah they don't
bow to trying to lose the entire
country's market if they if they don't
bother trying to lose the entire
country's market if they bow to China
people in the u.s. be mad for a week but
it won't hurt them which mmm not
entirely not entirely wrong but I guess
left to see right um really can't say
definitively until we have like uh till
we see the long-term effects of the
whole of the of the guest Blizzcon would
be a start I imagine that they're gonna
probably censor this [ __ ] out of
Blizzcon like they're gonna probably ban
we need the food cause I've actually
thought about showing up to one of the
protests and get some of my people to do
it I think that'd be funny to show up
with like the [ __ ] free Hong Kong
shirt or whatever and then get kicked
out what would you you would go to the
NBA game the protests or you'd go to
like Blizzcon so like Blizzcon to show
up with some people to do it yeah [ __ ]
it went okay I never done like any
public Activision and [ __ ] are not
Activision public activism yeah I don't
know think it'd be fun and I felt like I
don't know I like I support the Hong
Kongers over China [ __ ] that also
Chinese the world the world awesome
there are some tangible
ramifications so far though whatever I
get like permanently banned from like
bliss cons or people could do that do
you think hmm I think you're too
high-profile if they permanently ban you
Lucy if you're a literal who if you're
just like some like person who's like
woke and wanted to do like activism then
they were just lazy ass [ __ ] you're
banned for life but because your destiny
and that will get headlines no be like a
longer drawn-out effect of your fan base
being pissed off that you're getting
like some like lifetime ban for doing
the right thing
don't you think it could be the opposite
though since you're like a big name like
they would like want to show like this
is so unacceptable that like we're gonna
make an example of this and ban this
person I guess it depends on the PR
honestly I could see going either way
the pins on what they want out of it
whether they view this is like a
short-term problem like a long-term
problem you know I'm not really sure I
mean I imagine that I do clarify here
it's not just Activision Blizzard if I
recall correctly the list is pretty
extensive right now we're at a company's
bound in China and to appease them and
and not acknowledging the Taiwan as a
country and some other and some other
stuff right yeah the tywin situation is
also really cool everybody's
relationship with China is really
complicated the end of the day is
basically that like people say they have
these like political stances but at the
end of the day like everybody's main
concern is like their economies like and
nobody's gonna do anything that hurts
them a lot
or like [ __ ] with that [ __ ] even if it
means like cooking out on some core
principle or whatever dumb [ __ ] people
don't really give a [ __ ] so but [ __ ]
wasn't I say this now the yeah oh yeah
if you were to have to have the protest
at Blizzcon yeah I could see it going
either away I'm not really sure that's
more about how much do you really care
would you would you would you care if
you got lifetime ban from Blizzcon a
little bit right it would kind of kind
of heard your opportunity it's like
there's a game you want to play later on
or whatever I mean like I'm actually
like a pretty big like principles person
so like if this is something I felt
strongly about I think it would be worth
getting banned for it I don't know I
guess I don't I haven't given it like a
lot of thought but I don't get to do
like a lot of like actual like activism
stuff like just cuz I'm generally lazy
it's like if this was like a way to
actually
do something I don't know I think it'd
be a cool thing to be a Pritam yeah well
okay also what I want to save - there
have been some consequences dofus whole
incident now though so Nintendo in the
Nintendo World store in New York City
was meant to celebrate the launch of
overwatch on switch and that got
canceled I'm guessing you know as a
precaution because the problems is gonna
be a lot of protesting going on at such
an event obviously what was the other
there was one other thing we had here I
know it sounds like a small things it's
just Nintendo New York store so I got I
got a huge huge thing which is a
promotional event for the for one game
on the on the switch but uh there was
one other event that had an effect -
look I'm sorry I had that topic written
down so I forgive me I remember that at
this point well yeah you know there that
we are seen oh that was long ago and
we're past the one week marker and we're
seeing some consequences now so I he's
not pushing you do you think that there
will be nothing happening at Blizzcon
there'll be no protesting at all oh no
works no well be yeah 100% yeah people
doing now the question is i'm when i'm
very interested how those boys are gonna
respond to it that's like the the real
big question cuz they my guess is that
they're probably gonna have it this is
my guess and this is without think about
it much maybe because my guess is that
they're probably gonna have like
elevated security and that anybody
that's caught with like Winnie the Pooh
[ __ ] or whatever it's probably gonna be
escorted out of the premises and
probably have their Blizzcon tickets or
pass revoked that'd be my guess
here's my the [ __ ] means like what
could I fit as under plausible
deniability that I can then transform
into a Winnie the Pooh [ __ ] once I'm
inside like what could pass through
security that I can still like well the
best thing you can do the biggest meme
this is actually what I considered doing
especially um if I get like a cosplay
friend would be to go dress up as me
okay people are trying to turn me into
like they do the symbol of like the
revolt or whatever yeah revolutionary
gas mask some other equipment like that
some protest right here yeah yeah so
that might be a funny meme to do yeah
that'll be interesting you know I love
it because they put that division of a
really awkward Bob because you have to
say hey do we do we engage with the fans
who are doing this or do we ban the
with fans because they're kind your Lily
you forced them in that conflict of like
acknowledging ru ru for China stuff are
you for your your fan engagement so
they're really hums making money but yes
so in hindsight now ministers okay so in
hindsight if you had realized the whole
the whole different treatment of Jake
and bake when you're on the stuff
podcast would you would you have brought
it up yeah I want hot every cent mmm
wait what do we sort of left me like oh
[ __ ] let me I gotta go well I think it
would have given it wouldn't it's not so
much an argument against like Jake and
bake because I personally I don't know
what his principles are or I don't know
what he cares about her what well like
how he even feels about the Hong Kong
situation if anything I would say it's
probably like it's probably a lot
different to him because he has like
personal connections with Chinese people
which probably makes him a little more
sympathetic maybe to the Chinese end of
things
but yeah I don't know [ __ ] my fridge
brief sometimes a lot a smart fridges
y'all it's crazy dude mmm-hmm [ __ ] my
fridge but um the anyway when it was a
produce expiring why was your know
sometimes if it's open it beeps like if
you leave it open it beeps but like um
but now it beeps even if it's not open
it just starts being so nice to have to
go open and close that it's really
annoying but smart fridges they got the
webcams on them in the they staring at
you and they taking your data I don't
trust anything most I don't trust
Microsoft or Google or nine the
mo'fucker
yeah anyways no so but the the argument
would be so much for Jay can bake it
would be more for like Richard Lewis and
I think it was just Richard Lewis was on
the opposite side there okay but um yeah
to make him consider like well why were
you so cool because Richard Lewis's
wanted like the was a big guy in like Oh
Jake you should leave
you should leave you should leave like
it's gonna damage your reputation or
whatever and it would be interesting to
find out what why do you support him
doing it or not
Blizzard it's like the same thing kind
of man
hmm well at same time Phyllis Kahn is
huge conflict with even like the and
forgive me from repeating here as I
Fiddler's main topic the last week but
like all of the huge like what do you do
if you're a big World of Warcraft
streamer uh-huh and you don't like
what's going on here like do you what do
you do like what if your I don't like
apathetic like what if you're like asmin
gold and like you think it's like really
[ __ ] up or whatever and you just like
what do you do you just stop playing wow
and protests and like you know lose your
bread and butter your 60k viewers or
whatever or like are like I don't know
like like what point it's a lot to put
all in one person I would say are air
any person in that position ultimately
but same time it's like you know he's
probably looking right from the website
product at a 4-2 if his morals aligned
with advocating for this also happened I
don't to put his name on that particular
class a lot pressure on like you know on
him and individually but I was trying I
mean like I would say that like if you
really do care strongly about it like
quitting a video game should probably be
one of the easier things for you to do
like if you can't even do that you
probably either don't care or things
that you do care about don't really
matter that much to you like I don't
think asthma golden then like actually
care that much about any yes not to
blame them like I mean like it's [ __ ]
Hong Kong like a lot of people didn't
even know anything about it until like
these protests started so I don't
necessarily blame them for it
but yeah yeah no no I don't think that
any of those rumors like care much about
what's going on over there got you got
you got you
if we could one more thing about Hong
Kong before we move on here the
apparently I brought I think I saw
someone motioning her a while back but
the one of the things I thought was kind
of crazy about China staying here was
the implementation of that that social
credit score or that social that
citizens score yeah and then I got
corrected here apparently that that's
actually not implemented yet and that's
only uh it's only been a discussion so
far does anyone here have like
clarification on whether the this is in
effect yet I've heard the I haven't read
much about it
oh so sure I can um so it's essentially
like an episode of black me or IRL here
every citizen it's a citizen's scorecard
coming up a credit score but for your
citizenship and if you do things that
are deemed a positive from the POV of
the Chinese government such as you know
not going to jail not breaking the ball
praising the government you know not
having any obligation or any kind of
like what's the word here access to
their policies on on any of the you know
neutered censored of media's you'll be
you'll be granted a higher score you'll
be able to like buy certain property and
even travel and maybe even travel out of
country Wow if you're considered a
citizen which is kinda crazy they
implement it in a test City not
nationwide their surveillance cameras
detect what minority you are oh boy yeah
okay so it's in a tested he right now
which is crazy
wait now this is hold on breaking news
posted in chat by little fox chipotle
charges ninety cents for each side now
that true what's a side like I don't
know like if you add like vegetables or
like you get charged for that can I get
some confirmation on this means exercise
because mostly all right there's a
couple things there about Chipotle
Chipotle you you could ask for extra
beans and extra rice those two things
were not quantified there was no define
charge for those you just asked for like
triple rice and they wouldn't give a
[ __ ]
Chipotle charged sides oh nevermind
there's a post from a asking but nerman
okay sorry that was a superduper oh yeah
okay back to China and alright mega
derail [ __ ] wasn't so nothing here to it
something is really important here is
that if we're gonna talk about China's
interests up here china does censor a
lot of the internet right wait I'm sorry
I could be wrong I don't think the main
internet is even available to Chinese
people is it I was gonna stay here
because like something I found out this
week I didn't know that I'm glad you
could be brought trying here's like I
kinda wanna talk about a little more
here YouTube in its entirety is banned
in China toast which so is true oh
really
yep okay so I can get why YouTube is why
is twitch banned in China because my
guess is just it's live video
communication things Chinese camera
doesn't have control over
yeah I'm pretty sure like even Google is
banned they have like their own like
endemic sites to like in their country
so I kind of replace these as well so
mmm interesting interesting cuz like
okay I get why twitch isn't popular in
Japan like why you have a niconico video
and other services like that because
more like Japanese culture whereas like
Twitter very like in a culture center
Iike environment yeah or like in Korea
they had like a Naver I think is the
name of the board so everybody like post
on there and Shannon but hearing that
just YouTube outright is banned like the
number one video platform on the
Internet by a very wide mark banned in
China you know what does France
population right now what is if 1.6 is
at 1.6 billion
like just pretty [ __ ] aiya yeah it's
[ __ ] huge yes that's crazy to me well
and what's the official reason there's
the same thing or or as a speculation
same thing that they can't control
because it's not part it's not a Chinese
domestic product or whatever maybe
probably oh man you know would be super
interesting would be if imagine if
twitch made like a small concession so
that we could start streaming on China
and imagine people like Osmond gold or s
fan like people who play wow imagine
they started to pick up like tens of
thousands of viewers and they're getting
like a hundred thousand viewers average
with like 70% of their audiences being
Chinese let's say then another situation
like this comes up do you think those
people would side with like okay yeah
[ __ ] China or eating those people be
like well hold on guys like maybe
China's not all that bad like maybe we
should be respectful of their culture
that would be so interesting everyone
has a price yeah the real social
experiment because now they would have
something at stake actually yeah yeah
yeah so that's a very valid one uh-huh
damn I mean even like I mean should we
think you're it mean there is not as
dramatic of an example there that's
actually that's a pretty that that's a
super crazy episode of black meter I'd
love to see happen and I'd love to see
like come to fruition reality in some
situation but there's it office there's
a lot of people here who I a lot of the
the twitch audience I find it's really
hard on on a really hard core for Andrew
yang because of the some are just you
know calling it you know the obvious
universal basic income it's you bi
freedom dividends but them it's meat
bucks right in eet not neat bucks and
and there's one that free - they can
just I can you know I don't know
survival 1km up and just like do the
mountain dew ramen porn twitch die than
just survive in the perpetual
nothingness forever
uh-huh yeah the FCX kind of idea the
whole you have that bias in effect right
there as well yeah of course
wait whatever why do that or just bring
up that people's support and again cuz
they want though I mean it was kind of a
parallel to their like their that mean
ooo that people are like I see yeah that
people are financially incentivized I've
certainly list and we're biased towards
having a you know on unmeasurable amount
of success from Chinese market in the
same sense here that that same
immeasurable convenience being had by
ubi
for Andrew yang so they're like biased
towards that here yeah not that
directors comparable cuz I can't really
I can't really take and rien - you bi
and say that it's like you know you
would still vote for him because it
looks like it's defining trait
essentially but it's so funny if during
the international section if he would
have been like you know what guys this
is how we're gonna fix this is how we're
gonna fix problems across the world okay
not only we're gonna have a freedom
dividend we're gonna have an America
dividend we're gonna pay people a
thousand dollars a month all over the
world to be our allies oh [ __ ] Wow
Andrew yang is a funny guy did you I
guess we could segue into the [ __ ] UM
debates
Tim debates did you watch last night I
seemed so right um yeah it sucked
watching it oh it always sucks it's
gonna suck until like it's gonna suck
until people drop out dude I don't know
and then it's likely because we can
broadcast it on Twitter so like it was
like really hard to do know that so yeah
I was yeah super garbage um then we're
at the Bates
answer to me a super haunted star here
well first is going to a couple things
here right so it's of note here that'll
supposed to buy CNN
so CNN's parent company Time Warner if
you recall here I'm sure you you know
you know very well we all got clapped in
August we all got Santos snaps
DMC aid Digital Millennium Copyright Act
we all got a hit for infringing on
copyrighted materials without permission
yeah we'd right so me destiny Hasan [ __ ]
David Pakman even on on his on the
YouTube in amongst that was all got Gaul
got slapped down with manually tagged
and infractions and infringement for
copyright from CNN be damned the fullest
transformative content be damned if it
was fair use and private private company
private corporation get [ __ ] and so
now we've all wanted our lessons we know
with them we can't play so I toned down
considerably I didn't use any of their
footage of September I played Super
Sabres I don't want to get strike up a
goddamn channel elbows I walk is well
here but sadly last night David Pakman
and majority probe Sam cedar to other
progressive channels I have like
unparticles cuz they had recently moved
over to twitch as well there to
complement their YouTube channels both
of them got a DM seed last night
actually though I've got taking down yep
yes I don't know why people were saying
it was very irritating to me people were
saying that like the only reason we got
DMC is because we were partners it
doesn't make sense at all like why would
you think nothin that's not wrong but
literally Pakman and and majority report
and a few others were all who are on
partnered word were streaming the fool
thing with their with them green screen
in front of the the CNN massive there
must have been some other because like
you can file it do you see against
anybody like it doesn't like why would
the people filing know who's partnered
or not like I don't think that matters
at all we would either got well to be
fair this was like two months ago both
of them had very young channels only the
think pack might have viewers when he
was doing it that night compared to like
you know me you and everyone else yeah
we were we were at the top of of just
chatting with the whole like thing yeah
cuz like if you like everybody can go
try right now you look fine like the
DMCA file forms like it's nothing to do
with like oh this person is partnered
they'll get banned but if they're not
partnered they can infringe on your
copyright like there's no one would ever
have that policy doesn't make any sense
I don't know what I bring up here to
that you know F and chat cuz a to our
boys got slapped down but you know they
I'm like either them really gave his
chickens are not partner anyway and so
their twitches out it's not like you
know massive collateral for them to lose
if it like it's you know further [ __ ]
lesson right here yeah
of note though I am I didn't this time
around I only showed that the subtitles
from the stream that people can sink
along with me and know where I am when
I'm watching and commentating on it
uh-huh
how did you how did you get around to
it's obviously I was amused streamed
during the debates but how did you cover
to avoid copyright I mean I just
listened to it but it was pretty [ __ ] I
gotta get like four thousand because
twenty thousand last time so it was
pretty hard to like it was a lot less
engaging obviously and then it was kind
of like it was kind of harder to like I
didn't want to talk along as much
because if people are off by like even a
few seconds like anything I say is like
totally ruined like I might start
talking about something that somebody
hasn't even heard yet so yeah like the
syncing issues are very real yeah for
sure I heard even that one - yeah I was
normally getting like upwards of four K
and now it's like it's it's a pretty
terrible watch it was me in front of a
green screen essentially yeah yeah it's
super unfortunate hopefully uh
somebody beside CNN does the next well
here's the good news that's already
confirmed it's gonna be a MSNBC okay
well I wonder who's gonna are we all
gonna test the waters on that yeah dude
no like I probably will [ __ ] it dude
Milwaukee okay let's talk about that
okay so so you're willing to test out so
if you get another DMCA there permanent
right there they don't go away after one
year understand I could be wrong I don't
really know but like once you're on on
to your on thin ice like the third one
you get permabanned right maybe I'm
heard maybe not maybe though no you're
right if it if let me if I'm pretty
confident that I'm gonna get a second
DMCA strike that's gonna last forever I
won't do it I'll say that yeah cuz like
cuz now what happens is once you're
under - the whole game teams now there's
now it's like watching out more music
yeah yeah everything
and you want to list the chance to
rappers new album you're like man [ __ ]
that [ __ ] because people are getting
clapped for listening to albums now from
from record companies were just like hot
in the pants for a copyright claim huh
I mean like who watches something you
could be doing something something
gentle like watching a I don't know some
random ass
National Geographic documentary about
some random cool [ __ ] and then you know
because because now Nat Geo is under
under Disney's blanket with Disney Plus
now you got some some [ __ ] stick at
Disney Plus ready to strike anyone who's
gonna you know infringe on their
property because they want all the [ __ ]
to go go to their streaming services now
for their [ __ ] yeah they hit you the fat
one right there too you know I mean like
it's like you're under such hot water
now that it's got to be you and your
live band behind you playing music and
copyright strike uh-huh you know so it's
like ridiculous now so yeah I would tell
you how to do it being under one strike
versus two is a whole different world
yeah I'm something it's worth it yeah I
feel ready to go to D live no God with
Nick Fuentes dude would you be the king
though dude you'd be the you'd be the
king like dude II live man look look I
went over there out of curiosity one
time there's one guy there who gets like
2k viewers playing I think NBA 2k 20 or
whatever and then it would be you like
you'd be you'd be the ninja vet you'd be
the you'd be the Gyarados and a little
little Magikarp pond over there think
about it but do you really want to be
like the the Gyarados and like the small
pond or would you rather be a magic
carpet a big stake right yeah that's a
fair point yeah I mean I could go be the
biggest trim around a few different
platforms doesn't even want to do it
right mm-hmm no for sure
yeah those kinda shooter it's not the
time it's not it's not a real thing yeah
but uh in terms of the debates
themselves
I thought warm was getting attacked by
everybody holy [ __ ] you thought so I
thought she got some softballs well what
really all the other candidates were
going in on her about the those the the
Medicare attacks came up again I think
Pete brought them up the idea that
Medicare for all was kind of scary
taking away people's private health
insurance is a pretty big that's a
pretty tall order I think she fended off
the attacks like pretty well but I mean
she had like so much speaking time I
think she
by far like the most speaking time
compared to anyone else actually you
bring up speaking time your so we're
gonna go in to go into speaking time
here um freaking Clopas yard had a [ __ ]
ton of it I felt like maybe cuz I don't
like her I don't know but like dude she
she had upwards of uh I think it was
almost fourteen minutes of speaking time
so she was like a month's the top five
does anybody have a link to the final
tallied speaking times yeah let me let
me get that for you I had that yesterday
okay alright cool I got it yeah she was
actually third at a 13 minutes that was
pretty surprising yeah I had that too
actually yeah I feel like she has like a
lot of good things to say but she's so
but unlikable I don't think she ever
gets far but I don't know I could be
wrong I guess yeah
it's actually crazy that Biden had that
much time looky-look he didn't talk that
off maybe it was just a lot of like
stumbling and fumbling I admit this is
his best performance so far but it still
was incredibly mediocre and or bad to me
my Dennis mmm-hmm his closing statement
for a call-to-action you using some
actor emotion was good but he's still
he's still fumbled in a lot of areas in
my opinion I think his closing statement
was pretty good but I don't think it
worked because of how lackluster the
rest of his performance was I think its
best performance I think was the second
debate that he had I think obviously
record player wait when was record
player Joe was that the second made the
[ __ ] up confusing now wait but this
started in July right which one was the
text text uh three eight b.o.b or
whatever the [ __ ] he was record player
and the texting number one the same the
same one I didn't member anymore might
have been there was there I remember
there was one debate where Biden was
like pretty awake and pretty on top of
things and I was really surprised they
might it was either the first or second
and then the one after that was like you
would record player Joe you had Joe 303
three Okami weird [ __ ] I feel like Biden
and Bernie
like we're pretty similar in this debate
they didn't like say anything amazing
they didn't like fall off too hard I
don't think either of them are probably
gonna move that much after this Sanders
didn't really have like he didn't even
know much speaking time but I don't know
I don't feel like he had anything to say
that much it was a well he didn't get
called on for almost the entire middle
hour I feel like that was definitely a
to me it's a very evidence an employee
here from what from what I understand
this point now the ear your your
corporatist that are gonna back your
your typical corporate dim or your your
your trademark Democrat they their
understanding at this point now that
your typical go to corporate Sims like
Harris and Booker are not climbing their
stagnant and that they got a bail ship
if you try to back them really hardcore
you're getting a bad investment here
they see now out of the two progressives
here whether it be a Elizabeth Warren or
Sanders that that Biden is flailing are
near the reception's day is flailing
because of his medial perform at this
point now that like obviously you'd
rather worn over standard the Sanders
it's like you know like like something
you would say here to radical or to it
Warren's more electable by comparison
especially she's backing away from
Medicare for all this point so they're
they want to like kind of give her more
fawning coverage and more and more
questions that have more on I mean I
think it was just so another another
push to hurt against the conspiracy here
but I don't think it was just like
conspiratorial that Warren spoke so much
like a lot of other people were talking
to her so she was responding to a lot of
other people like they're like everybody
was taking shots at Warren I think
that's why her speaking time was so high
because she was making so many replies
to the people that were they were kind
of attacking her also I don't think
[ __ ] is backed away from Medicare for
all
like it like in Bernie's plan like she
seems to be defending it on stage
although Bernie defended it better than
she did because she's too scared to say
taxes I'll go out for the middle class
or whatever so yeah I know you said
there's there's some value to some
whoops there's some value to some
disingenuous and Mike what in my opinion
disingenuous framing some questions here
like how are you gonna pay for it which
I get I mean that's a good question it's
really expensive
and ironically this was one of the only
good points that buying a Beretta I
don't understand if Biden's like
sections of his brain are missing there
are parts where Biden wakes up like and
he starts bringing up good points
defunding that [ __ ] is really
[ __ ] hard that you can slash entire
fundings for entire departments like
ending buying around of the Pentagon it
everything related to it and you'd still
only fund this for like a couple months
like that's a lot of money you got to
come up with to make it work I mean we
have models of working in other
countries I mean even now there's like I
think those are couldn't done projection
where it would save five trillion over
the course of ten years
yeah but saving money saving money for
the entire like country spending on
healthcare is not the same as actually
finding money to fund it right like you
have to like there has to be some major
like tax program to bring in new revenue
to the government to fund this program
like it has to be like major so while
that is true can you can we at least
agree here that whenever that's and how
are you gonna pay for it it's kind of
using like a kind like a fear-mongering
tactics sense because it's only focusing
on the sting of taxes going up to pay
for it as opposed to like the the
benefits of there being like lower
deductibles and more coverage and
everyone involved here I mean it's a
real framing I mean like ideally in a
perfect world well I mean in any
reasonable world where any type of
option passes it should save people
money but you're still gonna have to
come up with the money for it upfront
like you're still gonna have to have a
way to fund it and Bernie neither Bernie
nor Warren in my opinion have given a
good way to do that like a wealth tax is
not gonna bring in the money the
projected money that I think Warren is
the one projecting the wealth tax income
it's not gonna be what she said yeah
she's worse than the wealth tax I think
Bernie said there was going to be a
actually I don't remember the specifics
on how Hollywood financed him for a if
that was I forget that was subsidized
college if that was in parade I was
gonna have the tax on Wall Street
transactions uh-huh amongst other things
yeah the financial transaction tax is a
loser of a text to like I mean like you
can project for it but like I the big
problem with a lot of those projections
is a lot of them don't take into account
how dramatically certain types of trades
are going to stop when they become less
profitable like if you start putting on
I would have to look at more exactly the
Bernie's financial transaction tax but
if you start tying a tax to every single
trade made in certain types of
derivative markets like there's a chance
that you kill off those derivative
markets entirely now somebody like
Bernie might say like well good [ __ ]
those markets they're exploitative
anyway which is arguable but okay well
now you've killed them off to lure
degree where's your new revenue gonna
come from because they're not coming
from those markets right like like cat
lake capital isn't stupid it's not just
gonna sit there and subject itself to
huge fees if there's no money to be made
there like that capital will flow
elsewhere to more tax advantaged
situations in the economy like yeah I
don't know that's like I've seen like a
lot of criticisms Warren's wealth tax
wealth texture just not I don't know I
don't think they're a great idea a few
countries or try them and discontinue
them I think they're a couple
yeah and that was something that a yang
had actually injuring and brought
earlier in the week then he didn't use
it on stage actually recently which was
that yeah the so most other countries
like Germany and a few others here
actually took back their wealth back to
the most trading in consequences well
like yeah so here's like the big problem
so this is something that not a lot of
people know right now okay everybody
gains the IRS the Democrat well people
in general had the IRS so the Democrats
and the Republicans both are no one is
gonna go to bat for the IRS nobody's
ever gonna be like we need to increase
funding to the IRS so that they can hold
people more accountable detectives the
problem is is that it's actually a
really [ __ ] big deal the IRS is
criminally underfunded right now like
really actually make more money if we
would give the IRS one money whenever
money we allocate to the IRS right now
they'll make back like three or fivefold
like there is there are billions of
dollars in taxable accounts whatever
that are sitting out there that the IRS
knows about they just don't have the
resources to go after them because no
side wants to come up and like hey like
maybe we should increase funding that's
because it would be like politically
like a lose everything so when you talk
about like implementing a wealth tax
which is one of the most complicated
forms of Taxation to enforce on top of
everything else like well [ __ ] like the
IRS can't go after that like that's such
a hard thing to do like valuing like an
entire person's like net worth like are
you fighting over those valuations those
legal fight is gonna be costly the
amount of resources and agents on those
jobs gonna be huge like it's just not a
good inflect that should it's too much
like I'm in fact this is why I like
income taxes so much they're super easy
to levy very easy to keep track of very
easy to enforce easy to understand for
the most part wealth taxes sound really
messy like there's gonna be a ton of
haggling and fighting over that [ __ ]
well you know it's my vote really about
my boat valued at this much what is my
house worth what are these assets worth
like
no I hear you on that one all wide and
clear uh-huh so do we know okay so I I
hear you on how do you secure the
funding up front for sure no doubt is
there do we have any do we have any um
any input on how the other countries I
guess the successful countries that were
gonna use for might the Nordic models do
we have anything on how they were able
to secure the funding up front for their
own implementations of Medicare for all
oh I don't know 100% I'm pretty sure I
was with my better than pregame on this
if we brought here again sighs what not
here I think I didn't have think I like
for Canada I think you just pay like
don't you just pay a health care tax
kind of like how we pay like FICA like
Social Security and Medicare like we
just pay tax ago I think in other
countries don't they just pay a tax for
it on their income like it's just like
that's a thing they pay like it's a
whole separate like line item on your
tax bill I'm pretty sure in candidate is
I don't know about in European countries
but like my understanding is that and um
I don't know why the [ __ ] you guys are
bringing up a war and gun control plant
plan to pay for [ __ ] Medicare for all
I don't think you guys have any idea how
expensive how much money one trillion
dollars is you're never raising that in
taxes on [ __ ] taxing guns okay your
this is a way way way like but yeah like
my understanding is that like just for
just for it so you guys understand in in
2018 the the revenue of the of gun
stores in the United States was 11
billion the revenue guns and ammo
manufacturers had a revenue of 17
billion okay Medicare for all is on the
course of trillions of dollars all right
you heard you're like you're way way way
not even close to paying for this people
have no concept of how large some these
numbers are [ __ ] sorry okay wait what
was the original question I was like oh
oh yeah I'm pretty sure you just have
like a line-item tax that you pay on
your income so like you would have to
put like imagine how unpopular that
would be in the u.s. proposing like a
whole new like thing to go along with
like your self-employment tax whatever
that's gonna be like a monumental task
to do okay it okay let's go over man you
know I didn't want to fight the relative
into policy debate right now not in the
beta's conversation it's like we're
gonna voice over time here but like the
the wealth tax one of
want to dig into further years I find
that one interesting right so if you put
Warren's 2% wealth tax I forgot what the
number one thing was like everything you
you generate over fifty million dollars
individual it gets a two percent
additional wealth tax so it didn't work
in it didn't work in certain European
countries but could it but could such a
thing work in USA it's kind of a
question right
I think theoretically it could work I
have here's like so not every European
country hasn't right and like that the I
think the difference there is like
geographically you could just like you
could just like I don't know if like the
move from like hypothetically the move
from Germany to France is not as
catastrophic or as committing full haha
compared to like moving out of USA and
going somewhere else go into another
country right so the wealth tax that you
try to implement in a European country
rather be like one country or another is
like you can just like move away
essentially right
but could you but you you couldn't do
that as conveniently in USA so do you
feel that that wouldn't mean that the
well facts could I mean like it would
other reasons as well it could happen I
know that like for instance like
somebody's bringing up started like
Warren has like tried to design her
wealth tax like in mind with um with
like the European failures of trying to
implement a wealth tax maybe but like I
don't know like I wish I should know
these numbers but like what I'm very
curious up is if we bring capital gains
rates in line with like ordinary income
rates I wonder what kind of revenue that
would generate that would be something
that I'd be like very curious to see or
maybe not necessarily in line with
ordinary income but like bump them up
quite a bit like that that I would be
curiously much revenue sterner format
because those are again very easy to
levy taxes are very easy to collect easy
to enforce mmm-hmm and you brought the
the trillions thing I had another thing
about that to you you're not wrong
they're true a trillion is is an
absolute fuckload that is a thought dude
without a thousand billion you know one
hundred thousand million yeah like as a
like in 2017 I think we spent three
point five trillion dollars on on health
care our total health care spending in
one year in 2017 yeah
checking says it will see uh okay okay
let's let's bring it back then because I
kind of lost I lost my girl zone with
this too at this point now huh
I had another thing about this but well
another great way to help with some of
this taxation [ __ ] to really unpopular
things like the TPP multilateral trade
agreements that punish the [ __ ] out of
countries for being preferential tax
havens [ __ ] Switzerland [ __ ] Ireland
okay that type of [ __ ] you go to
countries and you do a little did you
know your little uh your your double
dutch [ __ ] your little corporate
inversion [ __ ]
that [ __ ] there's the immense
international pressure on you to [ __ ]
off with that [ __ ] you should absolutely
absolutely those things so I get that uh
cuz I hit that certain countries do do
that a lot
how much was like for example in just
Ireland benefits that kind of thing if
you don't know it's not a big deal but
like I was kind of wondering like that
at this point now it's pretty
transparent that I think Apple Apple
particularly milks Ireland hardcore this
kind of stuff as well with the tax
avoidance and the tax havens stuff I
forget exactly how it works but they
they like the patent will originate from
Ireland and due to that like a certain
percentage of the revenue for the
whatever the Prague's are they they came
up with like has to go to their end
rather than to USA so they're able to
conveniently just make that money
disappear over there I'm not actually
I'm not sure what percentage of like
Ireland's like economy is made
Ireland is the country where you go to
that has like a really weird corporate
taxation laws right guys is entire
lenders at Northern Ireland well even
even then even then right like okay well
how would what policy could one the u.s.
politician enforce to make his country I
make these a corporation is two-tier
from doing that right well it's so late
okay so if we under you're elsewhere so
here's what we understand okay capital
should flow to the places that it's most
profitable in a capitalist economy but a
couple study we understand that that
businesses are going to flow to places
where they're most profitable so if
there are damaging loopholes that exist
that allow like certain countries to
take advantage of other countries laws
we need to enforce via multilateral
trade agreements or organizations like
the WTO that hey your laws need to be
brought in line with the tax laws of
another country that's it's hard to do
but it has to be in
don't like a global like multilateral
level like with multiple countries that
like kind of bully people into doing it
like that's what that's what has to
happen it's the only yeah yeah without
that there's no structure and just
becomes oh yeah because you don't want
to you don't want like capital flight
yeah yeah okay well let's see here uh it
forgets anyone debates now a little bit
more lighthearted here we can go over
some of my losers I particularly thought
that uh I mean not it's not important
obviously but Kamala did terrible my
opinion Booker to terrible my opinion
bata the terrible my opinion I don't
know that even did terrible they just
they didn't do anything like they didn't
have any good lines I mean I said was
memo oh my god Kamala trying to trying
to triple down on the canceled Trump's
Twitter account or get from the event on
Twitter and trying to light him begging
essentially begging a warrant to join
her on that was like I find her attacks
um wait what was she attacking warrant
over was it that it was she telling her
to join it had to do with the Twitter
stuff right yeah it was like that was
like her like her in my opinion at
defining moment she was trying really
hard to say and that's why I I advocated
since last debate that we shut down
Trump's Twitter because of its
violations and various things or
whatever which means kind of like uh
yeah okay well if you if you cancel as
Twitter wouldn't just like resume doing
the White House press secretary stuff
anyway and just lie there rapidly
regardless or just do that's kind of
weird I don't know how they play I don't
know how that placing like the general
audience but yeah I thought that was
kind of weird yeah it's just as
something about like it's just some
really bearish to do streak once of like
put the owner of Twitter in jail or like
punish the owner of Twitter for like for
not holding enforcement on world news
being accountable or some [ __ ] like that
and it was really really weird but you
said that didn't like warrants kind of
like laughs like just kind of I'm sure
like it was essentially a joke so I
thought that that was like about
Kamala's thing that was like really
really cringe
bado didn't even have like so since last
debate bado had said you know from the
from the that recent shooting in Texas
that he wanted like you know forced
confiscation of basalt weaponry and so a
management mandated repossession or May
my back's right if you own an ar-15 I'm
going to buy back from you whether you
like it or not uh-huh
not optional mandated and so he got
pushed on that question well how would
you how would you enforce that and even
have okay and III get it push on him for
for sure here but it's like even he
didn't even have a pretty lie yeah
somebody else I don't remember who on
how you actually execute them it might
have been Pete but somebody else called
him out on that afterwards like you said
like if they don't like sell it back to
you like the cops are gonna show up or
something - like confiscated or whatever
somebody else push back on that yeah I
feel like he didn't have a good yeah
which is kind of sad given how strong it
wasn't Twitter about it like he was like
so boy this is actually his like his
defining trait here to get a desperate
like bump in the polls to get become
newsworthy was to advocating or
something radical like a mandated
buyback irrelevant the consequences of
that are irrelevant the practicality of
it and irrelevant of some kind of
execution of it and then you know a
month later goes on stage and still has
nothing prepped for that to me that's
comically bonkers dude that's stupid
yeah it's actually because he got like
so much press for that like you should
be pretty ready to go hard to bat for
that but yeah yeah but you know bado
will make a wall so PETM a wall did we
talk about Pete Pete did really well key
Pete came out hard this debate maybe cuz
I don't like Peter Oh even if you don't
like um Pete we had a lot of talking
time and he looked really good on stage
he said a lot of [ __ ] tonight um I think
he was one of the big did that fight
that he pulling come on oh no I think he
was one of like the big leader he was so
small he came off so smug me the entire
time
oh no smug and disingenuous is how I
would describe him at this point
really really really okay um let's see
who else how mean you feel about
Medicare do is kind of different though
so maybe I had a huge I give a mouth
here because of like Medicare for all
who can't afford it and I'm just like
okay dude alright bro I mean because
that guy this is where we disagree here
though because you think that private
insurance that are that workers didn't
love their private insurance they love
their doctor not the networks mandated
by the private insurance in the
disillusion that it's actually a choice
when it's really not you just up
underwear you have to go where you want
to go
okay I know that was like a to me just
like rampant lying non-stop here also
I mean I'll stuff a QTE gotta what was
it like 19 million dollars and is
fundraising this before this previous
campaign and his average donor was
really high I think like about half his
money comes from some some some old
Prince's quote-unquote royal princess or
you'd mean like Americans right I'll be
America I'm sorry not not literally Oh
Prince it's also he's not turn from like
from like twitch chat sure although it's
popular it's possible like of all the
lower candidates Pete in my opinion is
the only one that could seriously break
out Kamala Harris is never breaking out
Booker's had his time it's not gonna
happen
gang is a funny meme data or work babe
Omega low like Amy Klobuchar I don't
know why is just so unlikable I feel
like Keith is the only person that
realistically could ever break from that
lower tier of candidates into the main
and I mean like it kind of makes sense
like if you're that lower tier like you
probably have to rely on wealthy donors
to keep your campaign afloat and it's
possibly two people we were to make it
into the upper echelon of candidates
like Warren he could expand his base so
that he could start getting more smaller
donations but I got some bad news for
you actually
so apparently for November I know the
one thing I think we all want this point
is for the field to narrow unseeable the
fast are dropping for real not in crude
by the way we bring a bet that
what's-his-face
Tom whatever like he went from ten last
month to twelve this month actually went
up in candidates uh being on stage but
yeah [ __ ] a Tom what's-his-face
that the billionaire that were opposed
to trust or whatever the billionaire
saying that you know I'm reformed the
change now Tom Steyer yeah he was on
there that didn't completely
afterthought in my opinion though but uh
but yeah for November's debates
seven people have already pre-qualified
on on which which criteria was I think
if it was polling if it was a it's gotta
be polling at this point yeah seven
people were already confirmed that money
that's what Sloane told me in chat last
my have to actually don't check that
again here but uh it's looking it's
looking doubtful I was hoping that it
would be at most seven that make
hopefully
you know that some of these like sub sub
two percenters 2% or less uh-huh would
drop out by now or would drop out next
debate for sure and by that I mean like
whoa make the criteria stronger you're
like what's the criteria for the next
debate to qualify what or liking it you
don't have to make the criteria stronger
just do do to do two debates again you
did too last time due to this time I
wouldn't mind that if you've got ten
candidates fine do two different debates
five each like you know honestly yeah I
I agree with that
uh-huh I completely agree with that
though probably because it's more
expensive right um because it's like
it's like a private event done by like
uh whatever news organization bids the
highest amounts to get it to happen here
right I was profitable to do the two
night thing versus it versus a 193 our
thing may be because that that Jew night
thing was uh that was done I think only
in July and it was like it was two hours
across two nights so I mean I I'm I'm
guessing that I'm assuming that viewer
retention like drops dramatically and
that on the night too
which is more quote-unquote more of the
same from entertainment POV people just
don't tune in as much probably maybe you
only get like half the viewership or
something like that
uh-huh that'd be my assumption but I
wanna speculate too much more about that
one but uh but yeah it's looking
unfortunate we're not gonna have much of
a reduction next next debate yeah which
super sucks yeah well okay so uh but
yeah I'm pretty excited that I mean
there was some pretty cool posh West
though we got uh we got some some big
endorsements for Bernie that happened
after that
Ilhan Omar Sheila Talib and a is gonna
be it as a Saturday in New York City
rally that's pretty exciting that's
gonna look more like you know obviously
you know Bernie's doing pretty pretty
bad on the pretty bad and pulling
especially for old people 65 and older
so just you know maybe the inverse here
where you just you just double down the
Millennials and get all them the photo
hardcore with the AOC endorsement
especially the ones that uh some filters
there's a pretty big camp that you know
loves hogs and Joe Castillo Cortes huh
but
just you know on an identity politics
runs hates that it's another old white
guy as I got some frontrunner
potentially or whatever relevant a
polling data here you know a lot of the
AOC supporters would go to Lisbeth
Warren but once a OSE endorses Bernie
maybe they'll they'll take a second look
and see I really don't like these
endorsements I think that like you
should have Bernie's platform has been
pretty known for a long time if the
justice numbers we're gonna start
endorsing him why wouldn't they have
done it earlier it seems so weird that
they waited this long to do it like
these endorsements a long time ago might
have helped Bernie quite a bit but at
this point it seems like if you're
pulling for Bernie like this seems like
pretty late into the game I know that we
haven't got to the first caucus yet I
mean I guess this stuff could change but
[ __ ] wow I don't know why they didn't do
it earlier like I I agree with you i i
ii don't know maybe there was like a
reason beyond my understanding everybody
on my control huh III agree - I'm
wondering - why why now even even if you
sure do you want to wait until now I get
that but why now is when it's kind of my
question I don't know it's again to be
fair we're still like four or five
months away I think from the first
caucus so it's still pretty earlier yeah
the first caucus is in February right
yeah cuz the final the final primary
debate is a January which I hope I hope
the [ __ ] all right sure November can be
another [ __ ] show but man there's only
gonna be two left after that dude I
really see the field narrow down
December and January but also worried
that it's in the MSMC I don't like it
conspiratorial here obviously maybe I do
[ __ ] yeah I guess I kind of do but
like the I would imagine if I was the MS
M's that I would want to keep the field
saturated because you get more scrapping
you get more you get more
clickbait you get more one-liners more
the more in-house fighting you have the
better I was in the ratings r44 you the
private company has put it on the event
so it's probably an air agenda to just
like keep the to keep the field
saturated and ultimately not have you
know or ultimately have more chances for
like the minimum the minimal progressive
candidate to actually get a winning shot
at you I think you have to be like
really careful when we're engaging like
a really high level of conspiratorial
like commentary here and we have to like
keep in mind where we have to like think
of like what the alternatives are like
let's say that like let's say the
conspiracies of the mainstream media
is like has this huge like field because
they're trying to [ __ ] over like
progressive candidates or whatever other
thing like if the mainstream media would
have limited this to like four or five
you realize like every single person
it's a fan of these smaller candidates
they would now have the conspiracy that
you're talking about right we're saying
oh well like this is the open primaries
were four months before like our first
caucus why are you not giving airtime to
like yang or Tulsi Gabbard or you know
Booker or Pete like how are you not
giving time for these people to speak
like these people would all be saying
that like well now the DNC is engaged in
a conspiracy to keep our smaller voices
from being heard they just want
mainstream popular candidates like
Bernie or Biden or war and like they
just want the big ones on stage so that
they can make money like that's [ __ ]
like we should have our voices heard too
right like I mean like that conspiracy
could easily swing both ways hmm I guess
I mean there's like there's like a lot
of you know think you don't think you
don't think that that wouldn't happen
imagine the Yank fans online if yang
wasn't disinvited to all of these
debates or imagine like the fans of like
Booker or beta work or Pete Buddha judge
you think they'd be like yeah I think
it's cool that we literally just have
the two progressive candidates and Biden
onstage like if that were to happen
people would be accusing CNN of so much
bias right they would be yeah but does
that really the same thing is what I'm
saying right here though like what do
you propose it they're like I'm just oh
I'm just bringing up they're gonna keep
their um their criteria for qualifying
for the next debate very relaxed to keep
the field saturated that way there's
more in house fighting that way to never
get to a long-form discussion about
specific policy nuance like you would
get if it was down to like a five
candidate you know debate by January and
then you give I don't know people like
Bernie who have like nothing but policy
substance a long-ass time of shine I
mean about how the ratings would go for
that and how the average American artist
would take it the most politically
engaged would have like you know you'd
finally get a transparent megaphone to
like what the policies are and that
might lead to like a stampeding effect
to further the progressive candidate who
has the best policies out looked and
outlined for the average American
citizen to make a huge moment and leap
prior to February I mean like I think
that like the best argument we can make
is there should be two debates I think
to have like two separate stages I like
that idea but I don't know the idea that
like the criteria
relaxed I mean all of these candidates
are spending millions and millions of
dollars all of them are pulling like
above three or four percent across like
multiple polls like it might seem like
irrelevant especially since we were
pulling for like the big guys like
either Warren or Bernie or whatever so
like to them they seem like shits but I
mean that's still like a sizable portion
of the electorate they would probably
want to have like their opinions of
their voices heard I mean especially
when you take people like Harris that
was pulling at 7 points you know and
managed to climb to 15 after one of the
debates like to deprive any other
candidate of the opportunity to have
that like stand out or shining moment I
don't know it I feel like you would run
into like just as many if not more
conspiratorial theories if you were only
platforming like the three big people
right now the three frontrunners and
then you said kind of like [ __ ] off to
all the lower tier candidates I guess
okay that's fair i I won't
I won't divulge any further into it
divulge my make up words right now into
it just that I mean there's plenty of
incentive for mainstream media
corporations to continue to like have
status quo at best
so there's definitely no interest to
like not have like a true progressive or
like an anti corporate progressive like
come in here and like actually make some
big momentum I mean if that's true why
did Bernie get so much speaking time
like in the first couple debate it's
wise Warren getting so much speaking
time know like these are pretty like
anti corporate in terms of like compared
to some of the other candidates on so I
would agree that Bernie ever got a ton
of speaking time and if he did it was
usually for disingenuous questions wait
hold on does anybody have a record for
the how much time people spoke for the
first democratic and second democratic
debate [ __ ] I have to find this I
thought Bernie had a lot of speaking
time in the in the first debate does
anybody remember [ __ ] I don't remember
yeah my in my opinion no I mean I feel
like one of the one of the most
elaborate of ones I feel like was
whenever one thing I do remember here
for the middle hour and I'm only here
trying to back up my point not really to
like added this is part of a part of a
conspiracy just that for the middle hour
of last night burning was not called on
if I recall for the majority I didn't
I'm and I'm pretty confident for the
middle hour he wasn't smoking on at all
and his next question he was finally
asked into the third hour of debate was
about his age which I mean I get there
be there's free context there he had a
heart attack and all that but I mean he
had a heart attack that's a pretty big
one that's a pretty fair that's I think
that's a pretty fair like pretty good
question
I guess if it would be a hmm I don't
wear that one here I guess if hmm I
don't want to frame that one like if
they didn't ask you about the heart
attack that would be super suspicious
like that was like a pretty big like
news item that that happened to Bernie
like not everybody gets like a heart
attack on the campaign trail not to
mention the fact that Bernie actually
like went out of his way to say that
they were cutting down on the number of
events and they were doing in response
to that oh yeah okay so like which
candidates let's pause there because
that that also gets taken into a
different context I'll I'll admit I was
trying to think of a thing out of how to
word it better here uh-huh yeah the
heart attack is relevant he's in better
health now though due to how the
operation would mean like that Bernie
actually is reducing the campaign's and
the amount of rise is doing now huh but
that's being framed in a way that in my
opinion entirely accurate he was doing
upwards of over over like four events a
day mm-hmm like wait and now he's
cutting down on it because he almost
[ __ ] died like that's the framing
that's what happened to what an average
candidate does but it seems me the
implications that oh well he's like
ailing and he'll certainly well he is
nailing in health right but now he's
gonna do that I would add that the
passive a regular person would do sure
but he wasn't Superman before he was
pushing himself too hard before he had a
heart attack
take it as though they take it as like a
different thing like oh well now he's
going to see who's up crippling
Manzana fall apart I mean I don't know I
mean like he was doing an event or he
was doing like a lot of like public
stuff he was doing more than other
candidates supposedly this the Sanders
campaign uh said that I'll believe that
and then he had a heart attack and
probably on advice of his doctors he cut
down on the amount of campaigning is
doing like maybe he's cutting it down to
like what most people are normally doing
I'm not sure but like he had a heart
attack and he cut down on his
campaigning like that's gonna play with
a lot of people the guy's almost 80
years old like and a heart attack is
like a pretty big meme like most people
are pretty scared like what people have
already tags that's not to say that he's
gonna die like mentally Bernie seems to
me to be about as sharp or sharper than
anyone else on that stage definitely
more than [ __ ] Biden but like yeah
like this is something like that people
are probably going to take into account
like you can't brag because this is I'm
super ironic especially here that's
coming from like the Bernie camp because
one of the toxic attitudes that
Americans have about war culture is
bragging about how much we work how much
overtime we've done how little break
we've gone on how little time we have to
relax because Americans work more hours
I think than any other industrialized
country in the world and then Bernie
literally did it he worked so much that
he had a [ __ ] heart attack like
that's not that's not a good that's not
a good look I mean like again I got on
the goodies necessarily like i Biden is
it multiple aneurysms and [ __ ] like
which are all big problems as well if
that happened on a campaign trail to be
bet to but yeah I think it's a valid I
think that's totally available thing to
bring up especially since Bernie's camp
was trying to downplay it initially and
they said it was just um initially they
didn't even want to call it a surgery
they were like oh he didn't even have an
operation or surgery it was just like
they made it sound like a routine like
he went and got his like blood pressure
measured or whatever and then later on
it came out that was like oh okay like
he actually had a heart attack yeah
initially they did said it wasn't even a
surgery I heard it was quiet for about
three days yep but I remember like
Bernie bros on Twitter we're going crazy
though what he did it wasn't even a
surgery guys okay it was so minor but it
was like okay well it'll be okay sure oh
wait wait real quick I just wanted to
bring him to I'll link in chat it's like
the talking time like clarify my own
self here what hey wait
clarify I'm just pointing out that
talking time point we brought up a long
time ago
Warren and Sanders by far had I think
had the most talking time on the second
night of their debate but okay I just
wanna be better okay go for it Warren in
terms of the most talking time on which
debate I'm sorry I think this was the
first debate on the second night
okay so let you live to be on night 2
yep July 3 okay go for it okay
[ __ ] way second we're like we were
talking about Bernie's heart attack and
whether or not that was a big deal and
we were talking about time conspiracies
oh yeah yeah yeah oh the the concern the
conspiracy thing it was only a Monica it
wasn't really meant to be the hill I
wanted to die on if I'm trying to mean
like that just a general notion here
that right now the US audiences trust in
ms/ms as it's currently at an all-time
low from what I saw
Almond one feedback poll a while back
coming it's fair to say here there's
like a if you look at like a lot of I
mean it can we at least agree on that
one here can also agree that there's I
can agree that the perception of the
mainstream media is an all-time low but
I disagree with how this framing is done
I actually super hardcore hate it when
people do this it's like my big trigger
not okay so when Fox News does like a
crap ton of propaganda and it's consumed
that at face level value without any
kind of critical thinking or any kind of
second-guess or call on it uh-huh that's
I think it's bad but like this is like
Russian propaganda 101 okay and that I
don't even mean like for are maybe a
rush Italian villa I just mean like this
something like Russia has understood for
a long time the way to make it so that
your propaganda can be believed isn't to
make it so that your news is believable
or that your news is more believable
than anybody else's or whatever the way
to do it is to attack institutions and
make it seem like none of it is credible
because when nothing is credible
everything is credible people on the
extreme right do this all the time
CNN or lier Washington Post is liars
uranium one really happened pizza gate
is real all the big politicians are
against us but I've noticed increasingly
keep on the Left dude as well there are
definitely times when the mainstream
media [ __ ] up that uh the Donna
Brazile [ __ ] was a huge [ __ ] should
never [ __ ] happen and then some of
the reporting sometimes is definitely
questionable but this idea that all of
the mainstream media has this huge read
conspiracy against certain candidates
gives you a in my opinion opinion a very
bad understanding of what's happening on
the political level both on national and
local scales and then it also like puts
your mind in a really weird spot where
you interpret things like is asking
Bernie if you had a heart attack is that
a rigged question right like it puts you
in like a really weird spot where I
think you're
like the bigger particular sorry but
where people just the bigger picture
because I will agree I shouldn't have
used Bernie's a heart attack I'm more
meant that like he didn't speak for an
hour we get it's not just that like
lefties do this for instance when it
comes to the entire field of economics
all of it is biased all of it is rigged
none of it is real
like people are very quick to cast aside
like people say they value like
institutions of like media or education
or intellectualism or whatever but
they'll cast it aside immediately if it
disagrees with their particular
narrative which i think is like
worrisome okay go for it sorry okay so
whap oh okay Washington Post is
definitely done some smears against
Bernie we made my series I'd have to go
back a little bit further here but I
will bring up context really because
Jeff Bezos owner of Amazon also owns
Washington Post deficit jinda to are
definitely feasible within agenda to
utilize the wopo to weaponize against
him it's gonna hurt his bottom line or
herd the herds ability to use like
Amazon that continue to do they're you
know corporate flex and everything like
that
so whenever the stop Bezos Act happened
with Ernie that was definitely at least
one smear done by the WAP oh that was
very disingenuous I can't recall offhand
right now here was this actually by like
I was it actually a Washington Post
story or was this just like an op-ed
that somebody wrote for wopo like an
op-ed on the New York Times or an op-ed
like I mean there's the general public
generally different into how does didn't
mean you could but if it's a wopo piece
I don't make the average person's
interface between looking op-ed in an
actual like story story okay I would
have to like go back and look but like
well do you know I mean about us thought
basal Zac you don't talk about the thing
where he like we're Bernie like pretty
much
Shane's or Bernie shames corporations
like Amazon Walmart's where they're
using welfare benefits to like subsidize
their workers to use that rather than
pay them living wages essentially sure
before this light got into an official
act that was act those Akron you know
I've heard this it supposedly that was
in line with pressuring them to do 15
our minimum wage or whatever for their
employees but like oh man I don't know
that we should dedicate an episode
ending this because we're at right now
we're at all right Jewish Question
levels of conspiracy about mainstream
media and like a lot of people who left
are doing this we're literally like the
entire
Media game is stacked against Bernie
Sanders is like the lone wolf out there
and everybody rather than like because
the alternative is that Bernie's just
not as popular as people think he is
like that's it and that is like
unimaginable to a lot of people it's
unbelievable that like Bernie Sanders
maybe just isn't maybe he isn't like the
socialist Savior that America's not
ready for the socialist revolution like
that thought is inconceivable to a lot
of people so instead we concoct this
grand narratives about unfavorable
coverage and [ __ ] about about all these
candidates and it's interesting because
on one hand you know people on a level
say like oh well the media [ __ ] up
with all this coverage of Trump like
even when they were making fun of him
they were actually helping him but then
if the media makes fun of Sanders well
now it's a legitimate smear attack
that's hurting his campaign like there's
no criteria that we consistently apply
anywhere we just have a particular media
narrative and anything that goes outside
of that is either fake news unreal
biased reporting blah blah blah because
we only exist like in this little world
that we want to see I think it's really
really scary when people do that in my
opinion sorry I threw a lot of some
level of false equivalence going on
there whenever he's like a burny burny
bias or a Bernie smear versus other
candidates I mean there was a lot of
like [ __ ] on Trump in the last
election cycle right for president there
are a lot of people that were making fun
of him are showing his gaffes and like
doing like pretty unfavorable reporting
on how silly or dummy was but then in
the end everyone came out with like well
actually that was just a free media
coverage for Trump you guys played right
into his hand why is it different with
Sanders then all the negative media
coverage should be helping him like it
did Trump right but so like we have like
this high level analysis that we're
using what's like okay well maybe
there's conspiracy here here here or we
can just go to the low-level and go oh
well Trump was really [ __ ] popular
with the people because he echoed their
sentiments at the time
Bernie Sanders just isn't as popular and
now everything makes sense oh he doesn't
get as much media coverage because he
doesn't poll like as well maybe some
people or like he gets questions because
those were the hot issues of the day or
like oh you know like maybe the people
favor this or that because it's what the
people want to see like everything makes
so much more sense if you just look at
it through that lens rather than like
constructing like elaborate conspiracies
to like make stuff work in in my opinion
from what I've seen okay okay oh we can
I can do a little homework we can come
back to it again one thing I will say
though is that a so your equivalent at
like the negative press that that Trump
got I don't this is like relevance like
the lefties perceive as like a thing are
you asking me about more particularly
here because I feel like Trump did lie
like a lot and usually these were like
negative things that were usually
sociated with like something that he
lied about or like manipulated in this
favor and some very handsome I'm talking
about like on his like campaign what
first is like almost everything I
remember news stories about him being at
like Clinton's weddings news stories
about him being part of the truth or
movement news stories about him saying
his daughter looked hot and maybe [ __ ]
I don't remember on the Howard Stern
Show there was like a lot of like press
negative press that came out before
about Trump and and all the people in
the look like oh well that actually
helped him like the Maestri video is
playing right into his hands it's like
well I mean why is it the same with
Bernie he's getting negative coverage
you should just help him like it helped
Trump if that's if that was the
narrative well Trump was getting a lot
of coverage periods was good for ratings
the news corporations were pursuing
profit over like any kind of like
objective coverage is kind of what I
would say um like the time that he
actually would like the ms/ms would call
outs like say like Trump's fib or lie
they would just say what he said but
won't like admit if it was a lie or not
uh-huh because they're able to continue
to profit off of like the the new cycle
essentially the news hysteria if you
will
sure only it's like really that that
far-fetched to admit or say that you
know as long as there's like a profit
incentive for news there's not really an
agenda to be objectively true I don't
necessarily disagree with that that like
people that like generally chasing like
what does the audience want to see but
that's a far different answer than like
well actually wopo is hiring bad story
writers for Bernie because Bezos owns
them and is from the top down like
messaging their editors saying like hey
also with all the inside reporting that
people like New York Times and in The
Washington Post like report on you don't
think if if Bezos was pressuring people
into writing negative stories about
Bernie you don't think that ship would
be leaked it would be like the biggest
that would be like international news
coverage for like a week that would be
so [ __ ] huge
if Bezos was actually engaging that that
would be one of the biggest leaks like
maybe of like the last decade I don't I
don't know there been a couple like huge
Trump links that would be a huge leak
the CEO like a company like that was
like pressuring like Washington Post
upon favorable coverage of Bernie oh my
god this guy in the world it wouldn't I
mean it would be a huge leak and people
be talking
like crazy like yeah I don't know I miss
probably probably leak-proof protocols
and like work safely in which to use to
get around that kind of thing
wait wait wait hold on this is a huge
level of conspiracy now we know I'm
throwing it could be the plausible
scenario that's not the American
intelligence agencies the most
sophisticated agency in the world and we
have leaks in our own American
intelligence agencies there's no way
that Washington Post is more secure than
like the Pentagon and [ __ ] and we still
have like the Edward Snowden's or the
Julian Assange's or the Russian
penetration [ __ ] like there is no
[ __ ] way that [ __ ] stays under wraps
and that was actually happening like
imagine how coordinated that effort
would be Bezos would have to give
top-down messaging to like managers and
editors like editors would have to
coordinate stories and tell people where
they can or cannot write like people
would have to be planted to write bad
certainly there'd be so many like those
could meet some high-ranking a Mazon
executive for all I know right does have
to be him it's not to be Bezos directly
or anyone at all here it's also
something I really wanted isn't like the
hill all right yeah I would I would
rather come back and like like a
possible before the earth huh if I could
sure right now like I get it okay
you're not engaging and you disagree
with the general notion to MSM it can be
Kimmy biased towards an ulterior motive
to keep their profit to the status quo
condition I get that so you know you
don't even grief my base assumption that
thought you had there so I think that's
a step step three here well you came
agree on step one which is fine I can
agree this one about step three hears
makes me look like a crazy person shucks
I don't think that I can agree that
there are definitely profit incentives
like comedies again should write sticky
behavior all the time right where they
divert funds just to like try to save
costs via like government action and
[ __ ] right or in a consent policy I can
agree with that I'm just saying that
like the likelihood of that stuff
actually happening when it happens I
mean that [ __ ] I mean like would I
keep my timings donna brazile was the
one who had the questions leaked or
whatever for the DNC [ __ ] right was that
donna brazile or am i think of another
person's name I think I mix her name up
with somebody else and the DNC questions
which ones for the debate questions it
got leaked ahead of time was it wait
wait during for Erlich for Hillary's um
yeah yeah like that got leaked now this
is like that's the easiest thing in the
world to keep a secret
that's like Oh [ __ ] that's like a two
or three man job somebody tells she find
or maybe even she finds that
surely and she won in one context
somebody from like the clan can make
even that got leaked right so like if
that kind of stuff is getting leaked
there is no way a grand conspiracy among
the media companies if you believe in
this you're one step away from the
Jewish Question like you're right there
you're right on the door and the reason
why like I get so scared about this and
like I'm not gonna say like only lefties
do it right leaning people do it - no
I'm sorry absolutely right Lenny people
do they do with [ __ ] climate change
oh oh sorry sorry this was on the emails
sure but even in the emails like I mean
though I disagree though I know what
you're talking about is literal Jewish
Question stuff like that's where you're
at
like the Jewish question is the idea
that Jewish people are running the media
and their goal is to spread messages
that are pro-immigration in order to
bring over dark colored people and
Hispanic people to breed out the white
race that's the Jewish question
essentially is it like Jews are running
everything from the top down of society
if you replaced Jews with wealthy people
well you have the exact same thing there
are certain media people that are in
place of the heads of companies that
have rigged the entire system against
Bernie Sanders
no [ __ ] way there's no way that would
that like there are so many moving parts
to make that happen
like that's not happen now to certain
people in media have biases absolutely
have there been really shitty [ __ ]
op-eds that are framed like certain
people and differ ways and even actual
reporting that have yeah I'm sure there
have been but like it's so it makes so
much more sense to see these as like
kind of like discrete events that
happened that's explainable as part of a
larger narrative rather than we have to
construct this grand conspiracy that
there's this huge machine behind the
scenes working against an incredibly
popular candidate like that doesn't make
sense like if this was so true then
Sanders would have never been as popular
as he was during the last like during
the last election cycle like when
Sanders came out of nobody doesn't yeah
that could because the rise of
independent media finally and like end
up in the media and coverage of of the
campaigns as opposed to just solo MSM
coverage Bernie got a lot of mainstream
media coverage Bernie got a lot of
mainstream media coverage I don't know
if and even if we want to take a step
further back we can go back to the Rush
Limbaugh's of the world how about how
scary the Clinton political machine is
like this is a person who hires people
to murder Seth rich well then why the
[ __ ] did Obama win that election Obama
was a literal WH Omega Lowell Obama and
came at a No
in [ __ ] trout's to Clinton like why
would they let that happen two times in
a row if these if these political this
is like the number one conspiracy theory
question you always ask why is it that
if like why is it that if these
political machines are so strong then
then then why are there all these other
like upsets happening why did Hillary
lose the first election why did she lose
the second one
you know trumple's claim the same like
oh well you know Democrats rig
everything millions of illegal
immigrants millions of legal immigrants
voted really then why did Trump win the
election I quit the [ __ ] like they
were able to rig it that close they
couldn't just do like another hundred
thousand votes to swing the districts
they needed like that doesn't make any
sense like I don't know I just I see
this happen a lot and it's happened
historically a lot too and I hate that
all of my research right now is like
left-leaning like organized like this
happen in the USSR in China to the first
thing you do when you take over is all
the old scientists throw them the [ __ ]
out execute them kill them put in your
own people even if it's fake or bogus
science and in the USSR do this where
they brought in people that literally
were like denied genetics even existed
right because they didn't believe any of
the old establishment and and I hear the
same thing sometimes where people are
like I can't trust any of the media I
can't trust any of the academics like
everybody's against me like I just think
it's a really scary world when you get
into that like you're you're purely like
propaganda driven at that point for your
side and I don't know I'm ranting a lot
but that it's that's very scary to me so
I go ahead though I don't think yeah
okay a lot I don't even think it's that
complicated okay sure
or their other are there eileen let me
label some Spears's here i thought it'd
be a cool thing to talk about but let's
take a second okay yeah if if there are
other people who are full-on like hard
on the conspiracies about looking for
like any kind of questionable things
that are happening in the political
field these people sure they could
they'd be as you say that the
borderlines you conspiracy certainly
that's me it does not even even be that
complicated just simply that the these
consolidated massive conglomerate
corporate media's your time warner's
your your benefits etc and all of them
they they have an agenda to keep keep
things in a as pro-corporate as possible
here bernie is very deliberately anti
corporate so obviously it being their
attendant the pacific at their bottom
lines not have the rules change they're
gonna make it harder for them to
generate more profit by using their
weight to have you know whether be like
questionable
when you're already too popular too big
the fail or anything like that so it's
obviously like you know I would imagine
that Facebook Amazon for example would
definitely vehemently oppose Warren and
Bernie him coming anywhere near being uh
being the them primary candidate because
if it does happen it's gonna threaten
their bottom line Facebook will get the
D consolidated on on warrants efforts at
minimum Bernie would threatens to tax
Jetta them because they're they're
currently paying okay you know so here's
a question let's just kind of like think
about is like who runs what or whatever
you think this was true why wouldn't all
these companies just like slant
Republican then if they're the guys that
are all talking about lower taxes and
saving money on taxes why wouldn't these
people all like just like kind of have
like a more Republican Bend we mean
these people like these like large media
conglomerates why wouldn't they be like
so much more favorable to conservatives
in Republicans since they're the guys
that are all pushing for like lower
corporate taxes are lower personal taxes
anyway um Republicans are crazy and it's
like they're like they're so I don't
know at this point now you're gonna call
me even crazier if I like try to like
justify that I don't know because
Republicans are crazy they're so far
removed from reality that it's like a
mega wall to take seriously I mean they
have the they ran all three branches of
government for two years I think it's
likely not that unpopular that crazy
right they were in the House Senate the
White House and now the Supreme Court so
I mean I know cuz uh why don't they why
don't they go uh why don't they support
I think that means you're like it's like
the question it's like if there was a
grander conspiracy there are a couple
things that don't make sense to me one
why didn't Clinton win against Obama -
why was Bernie Sanders so getting so
much coverage and got so popular in the
in the 2016 cycle like it seems like the
the powerful conspiracy could have
stopped Bernie Sanders from ever getting
that popular that seems like really
strange to me and then three like today
well why is Elizabeth Warren getting so
much coverage why she had so much
talking to him or even Bernie Sanders
Bernie Sanders won a ton of talking time
and in all their pride of it's like why
is that happening shouldn't they just be
stopping you know attending to talk to
them like I don't know just if there is
like a grander conspiracy at work it
doesn't seem to explain all the actions
it seems more like I can invent a grand
conspiracy to explain away a couple
things I don't like but then it doesn't
really apply anything else so why didn't
they go why didn't they just ghosts
entirely here probably because okay if I
didn't give you like one thing their
grassroots support had a huge momentum
for how one could survive and persist
despite a media bias I think that comes
to mind there whether it be for Bernie
or Warren whoever else may be um any
thought you do out some Kingo that ones
here again for me you throw out some
other ones real quick here oh why why
did Bernie get so much coverage over the
second election like a wire wire
Elizabeth Warren and Bernie getting so
much coverage now mm-hmm
I got supposed to like I mean I mean
certainly I don't know do like well
before we even get to that one here you
at you asked why did a why did Clinton
win over Obama and you're referring to
the oh wait election are you talking
about that point Oh like you said that
one like in your earlier one else
wounded yeah I just don't yeah I guess
this is more like people to talk about
how like how powerful the Clinton
machine was this isn't directly to you
because I don't I hope you don't believe
in like the Seth rich like conspiracy
[ __ ] and ever like you know if my
thing dude my thing is so like I don't
want to see you're over-reading what I'm
saying here cuz you're like equally mass
conspiracy ultimately rich people want
to stay rich and they want the rules to
remain the same where they can continue
to be rich what that means you know
paying Walmart employees dirt [ __ ] and
then telling them it makes a little than
they can Nick and utilize and abuse
well welfare programs to make the middle
ends meet rather than give them a decent
wage while the wall Pemex needs to be
incredibly rich huh certainly that my
thing is really really simple that's why
I thought you already were on board with
like phase one that obviously the rich
want to stay rich and powerful so they
want to keep the rules rigged against
the poor and yeah the rules and like
there are some like but we have to is
any threat to them on their bottom line
the long-term systemic change here yeah
they're gonna they're gonna family
oppose that in any way they can
utilizing everything they can possible
yeah there it's just there's like
there's two very important things going
on like with with medicine okay when we
give somebody a drug there's like an
overall effect we're trying to achieve
but there's also like underlying like
biomechanical things that that like
underpin what's actually happening
and it's I think it's kind of important
understand both right I think doctors is
everything like we try to understand
like the underlying like underpinnings
to all things that are happening and I
think it's really important to ask the
same types of questions about like media
narratives so like when you give me like
this grand narrative that says like rich
people want to stay rich well yeah of
course I believe that now if you're
gonna tell me well how do they do it
let's say that you say well lobbyists
pressure politicians to pend certain
legislation really well let's look at
the underlying evidence of that oh well
some senators actually push legislation
that appears to be written by certain
corporations that's believable to me
100% we I am I can actually see that
happening there's evidence of the
happening directly but when you say
there's like a grand media conspiracy
against a candidate well okay now if I'm
trying to think of like how does a
senator get influenced a lobbyist who
has a lot of money or an individual can
buy time talk to a senator so like hey
I'll support you monetarily if you do
this or that like I think that I really
like your campaign like this would be
good mobile that makes sense to me sure
I can see that happening but a top-down
like media conglomerate that employs
thousands or tens of hundreds of
thousands probably a hundreds of
thousands how many employees work at CNN
at least thousands of people right okay
so CNN is 3,000 employees right and in
an industry that's dedicated to leaking
[ __ ] okay like that's what journalists
do especially if any we've learned
anything over the past two to three
years is that we do have like a degree
of like journalism in the United States
there is a lot of [ __ ] that gets leaked
and we found a lot of undercover [ __ ]
the idea that top-down conspiracies
exist in these companies when you are so
incentivized to leak [ __ ] about the
opposition man that's a that's a really
big sell you're on you're working with
you're almost having to invent new
technologies here to make this
conspiracy work that people are talking
in like a coded language or using
carrier pigeons to communicate stuff
that's not leaked or revealed to any
other personally I don't know that's in
my opinion that's just such a hard sell
to me and everything else can be so
easily explained by by the idea that
like oh well the major media
conglomerates are just generally showing
people what they kind of already want to
see already so like certain candidates
are really popular that's why they get
more airtime or they think they can make
more money off of other candidates so
they get more airtime like that seems to
explain almost every behavior and and
well my opinion I just can't believe
lightly refrain when you say that the
grand narrative is use conspiracy
doesn't seem that extreme honestly yeah
it could be it could be it could be that
kind of operation whenever you're this
much of a threat to the every the
operation of News Corporation's yeah I
would imagine that you want to protect
your bottom line you're gonna want to
like do whatever you can to silence
those in opposition I don't know doesn't
seem to see my crazy to me okay alright
we can agree to disagree it's good to
have a healthy disagreement yeah I I
just don't think it's it's that extreme
I you keep painting it like I'm some I'm
some mad scientist with a tinfoil hat on
and I'm like borderline the next guest
on Alex Jones but I'm just like if the
corporation's want to continue to have
their you know I I would imagine that if
anyone's gonna be a threat to undoing
that the George Bush tax cuts or the
Trump tax cuts that comes to the bottom
line giving these corporations their
record high profits they're gonna be in
in cooperation to do whatever they can
to protect that I guess I would just be
super curious as a couple of trinkets
here and there that seems to me imply a
little bit disingenuous stuff I mean
yeah obviously I'd be not on the inside
so I can't say I just thought it was
noteworthy on the podcast but I do feel
I've been getting kind of reframe it's
like literally Looney tune insane for
springing up something very very based
that corporations will lie cheat and
then the rules to get get what they want
done yeah I guess like my selling sound
store critics here I think this is not
an exceptional thing it's a very common
systemic thing here
corporations are [ __ ] up a little bit
I guess like just I just get scared
because people can play like a lot of
games with numbers and like one-off
stories to try to like paint a picture
that ends up just not being reflective
or okay I agree
I regret bringing up the Bernie the
Bernie thing I get that I did a really
nice job a lot of any of the Bernie
health question you're not wrong it's a
heart attack
uh-huh certainly I get that one you're
right maybe my burning Marsh up ash of a
little building right there I agree I
take the L on that uh-huh
call me calling a grand narrative
conspiracy theorist when it's like
corporations are gonna do corporate
interest things all the time he doesn't
seem that if there's like there's like
systematic patterns behavior this
happening time and time again here you
literally admitted to the lobbyists
thing I think this is that it that
exceptional certainly the specifics of
how it can pull off particularly at CNN
is like one thing up for debate
um I thought it'd be like a obviously I
hope you're not equivalent like your
your your your given like super well Fe
on on on Twitter who's like telling you
like all the things you're like I'm not
I'm thinking more like especially like
the mic from CCP or good / guy and like
hasan or whatever that some of the media
narratives that even these guys pushes
generally that like the whole media's
rigged and conspiring against bernie and
then like especially like mike has like
all of these stats and numbers that he
kind of like twist and bend to prove
like his point even though none of it
ends up like panning out of reality so
like the first conversation I had with
Mike for instance he had like this whole
website proving why like Bernie was
gonna be the most popular candidate or
whatever and a few months later here we
are at Bernie's like lower than ever in
the polls and it's like okay like like
and I just get really worried that like
when people start attacking these like
education or like media institutions I
should say that like we're constructing
new realities or we're constructing
narratives to explain like realities
that don't exist so that we can avoid
the reality that we live in now and
that's just really really scared of me
so yeah I guess I don't know like how
far bought in necessarily that you are
but um that that idea that like like the
whole meeting I know Robert I'm right
now I'm gonna be right we can stop we
can do again we have any think I have
like another like seven stories by the
way we add like why topics actually
prepared alright hey just keep going
[ __ ] it [ __ ] it for example right okay
so if you say that that that if you were
to say that you know a media
conglomerate is has too many people and
would have them would have too many too
many eyeballs on the dirty trail to run
a clean execution of some kind of
conspiracy against one candidate without
it ever leaking then how I guess I'll
have to ask you then well how do you
feel about the DNC primary annealer II
over Bernie in 2016 do you feel that
there was like there was no foul play
there whatsoever there you actually um
like okay for example here like
literally the New York primary election
where there were certain election
stations closed in certain poor income
districts while the ones in the upper
richer and districts were open all day
summer Auroville open only as little as
six hours a day the other ones are open
for 12 hours that day are you saying
that the DNC like like inspired at the
polling
stations to hurt yeah yeah yeah
literally yes damn it for the New York
primary in the 2016 primary election for
the state of New York that the districts
that have lower-income people the
populous and working people that were
gonna probably vote for Bernie over
Hillary those stations were open a lot
less or had malfunctioning polling
equipment whereas in this district the
districts that had the higher income
individuals were open conveniently all
day and this is something you couldn't
fix overnight because it was like it was
tethered to wherever your your address
was registered to so you couldn't go to
another station and go vote she was kind
of like [ __ ] over the idea of being
voter suppression so that the rich
people would vote for Hillary cuz she
was in favor of them and the poor people
would get [ __ ] over and had to boot
had to work that day and they would be
able to vote for Bernie so Hillary won
the primary in New York through some
dirty tap and all that I would have to
look this up because I have not heard
this at all no okay well that's just
that was the one I would like uh I guess
how you would so so sweet then you don't
agree you don't agree to the DNC primary
Hillary for disingenuous reasons they
genuinely primary Hillary because she
had higher lept ability well I think the
DNC probably prefers Hillary well that
doesn't the point the DNC is a private
thing but also the DNC supports
Democrats right and Bernie isn't even
really a Democrat so it's not really
that surprising to me that like the DNC
would favor somebody like Hillary
Clinton over Bernie Sanders because it's
possible that Bernie Sanders would
either not support or or try to
deconstruct like the entire Democratic
Party now that's not to say that that's
right or wrong or that that supports the
voters or it turns against the voters
voters I would imagine that most voters
don't see the Democratic Party is like a
private entity but rather like as a
reflection of the people so they would
probably feel like pretty burned by that
level wait hold on why you guys
representing your party interests over
like my personal interest but um yeah I
mean like Bernie Sanders does even run
as a Democrat I don't think like in the
in the in the Vermont District City than
he runs in like for Senator every so
like that's not surprising to me that
like the DNC wouldn't spur Bernie that
much but in terms of like but now we can
ask like what are like actual like
conspiratorial things that are happening
the the the worst thing that I know
about is that that Donna Brazile thing
which was which we should that shouldn't
have happened but I haven't heard
anything about like the DNC like
actually trying to close down this is
like this is a pretty huge claim
that you're saying that the DNC was
intentionally understaffing or defunding
or breaking machines or whatever in
certain voting areas in New York hmm
yeah I feel like this was definitely a
story here's also some other some like
some icky super delicate stuff too if I
recall correctly I don't I don't
remember about the super-delegates
specifically here but um the
super-delegates basically don't have to
support based on how the population
votes I agree that the super-delegates
system is kind of like [ __ ]
you can argue whether or not they're
there for a good or bad reason they're
supposed to be there to dissuade like
candidates that would be bad for the
party like from making it arguably I
don't think that I don't like to say we
delegate system I think it's done the
Republicans don't use it I think that
should be gone but again like there's
this is like there's you're something
that's like it's really important to
understand what's happening rather than
to say like oh well like the whole
system is rigged against Bernie rather
than like oh well there's like different
incentives in place that could cause
different people to have some implicit
biases that might cause like unfavorable
reporting like they sound the same but
they're two totally different things
right like because in one world you know
like maybe there are some things that we
should look at like our are certain
types of reporters and send advise to
work for The Washington Post that might
favor another candidate over Bernie
that's really important to look at like
that could and that could absolutely be
a thing I could 100 some believe that if
you tell me like oh there's a if you
would say like there's a there's a
culture that exists at wopo or the New
York Times that incentivize a certain
types of reporters that might unfavorite
report on like Sanders yeah that that
actually could be a thing I don't know
that's true enough that could be a thing
but when you say like Bezos himself
hates Sanders and that top-down pressure
is causing well now we're engaging in
like a pretty big conspiracy that
requires like a pretty big like burden
of evidence to actually like make this
claim in my opinion okay yeah so I'll
give you a so if you find that one hard
to swallow which I I could Google we can
like Google foo if you wanted to where I
just like like Google this thing and I
gotta find it but I find a little bit
like disingenuous because I would rather
like prepare a comprehensive that sounds
like you know Google article back and
forth you all day long I did google the
Sanders story I will say surprisingly
the stories are on CNN and I don't know
why they would be hosted on CNN if CNN
is a grand conspiracy against Bernie but
I am I do see a story where Sanders
campaign in New Jersey depends on time
of publication it might have already
been after Hillary was like a
was already like on there was already
like confirmed to be the primary at
which point it might be in their agenda
just like sensationalized it further to
like have more back port picking between
her and us do you really think so I like
it so here's another stuff in the New
York Times if you're a media corporation
like what what is is drama not news like
what wait so which is it then do they do
the media corporations report on what
gives you the most abuser drama because
that's my position or are they like
rigged against Bernie Sanders because
like because now we'll you just gave me
I agree with that are they gonna report
on [ __ ] that gets clicks
abso-fucking-lutely but that's a
different story than like they're rigged
against Bernie Sanders because when I'm
looking up stories about this New York
the New York [ __ ] I'm getting hits from
CNN from the New York Times like these
are supposed to be both I don't why is
gonna be one of the other well because
now when it's is both now your original
claim is kind of vacuous well what level
of conspiracy theory is at versus what
level of like just media being media is
it because now cuz now you've got it to
where like is it 95 percent conspiracy
or five percent conspiracy now we're
living in the Grail and we're like
because if it's 95 percent conspiracy
that's a huge deal but it's like two
percent conspiracy oh well it's just
media being media then right it's not a
keynesian frame it as like a conspiracy
it's just corporate habit then well when
you when we talk about like top-down
leadership pressuring stories being
published that's conspiracy right
certainly again Bezos having a personal
vendetta against Bernie was not like
again the hill I'm dying on okay you
name it could be a mess
it could be like you know you could be
whenever you're vetting for your
employees you could look for them to be
a certain ways of their they naturally
along the whole thing here me that's not
even that that sounded crazy to think
about here yeah you you you want you
want the hive mind to run the beat the
Beehive essentially that minutes yeah I
crazy to say that could and therefore
the core reason to behave in a certain
way to oppose any external threats that
would threaten their operation how they
want to run it yeah and I like what you
just said they're possible the maybe
there might be like a hiring bias that
might add what I would stick with I'm
not here to die on the hill that to
prove that Basil's personally hates
Bernie sure I'll try to frame it in that
way well okay sure but to be fair and
I'm not trying to like debate tactic you
that is what you opened with you
initially said that Bezos had something
personally
Burnie I was what you opened with that's
why I'm kind of like holding it there if
you if you want to like yeah change this
to like maybe there are hiring biases
that implicitly impact like I can like
that could be possible for sure I could
agree with that yeah but okay maybe it's
okay if I did say that I didn't actually
mean that sure okay I think most I would
have said that baseless could have
something against burning which i think
is plausible okay malign you feel like
this is like we're kind of like walking
back into like well Bezos could well
what does that mean like 5% or 95%
because now it feels like now we're back
in the gray area where like it could be
really bad or it could be whatever right
what's more that I'll because I'm
talking with you I I think I might ride
be pretty for cost I'm not making any
definitive statements sure you fit me in
the past here with that where I've made
like a loose statement then you want
it's best if ax T and I'm like okay you
know after you're right I'm just being
like facetious uh-huh or I didn't like
come out with hardcore citation here
okay might not come out anything with
anything that's like gonna be if I said
them definitive I will try to stand
behind it as if I admitted here earlier
that yeah the Bernie
hardtack question not really a smear I
would say more than how are we gonna pay
for it is like a disingenuous trimming
of a certain question whenever you
asking about particularly Medicare for
all you disagree with that that's fine I
can walk from there
everybody's asked for about everything
even Trump got asked that question about
like paying more telling you that I
admit when I'm at fault and I didn't
give it a definitive quantification of a
certain thing sure so here if I say that
you know he could I mean I you could
okay
but yeah I'm not a it's not the hill I
was I would wanted want to die on just
more that when you upgrade to like grand
level conspiracy and I'm I'm the crazy
one for for observing corporate habit of
the one to maintain their bottom line
their in their operation under the under
a status quo enabling and want to
eliminate or threats essentially sure
that that's all okay all right what's
all right none what we got next
yeah there was what we talked just
before to stove just before cuz you like
you were pinning me down on something
here and then I was gonna like but then
I said that uh then you drop the
baseless thing again here it was like I
think you agreed with me that a pizza is
majorly determined by its top
things and not the cheese and crust and
sauce which is Oh actually no maja take
there was that uh you know I told you
know in my chat okay okay I know I'm not
the like hardcore derail right now but
when it comes to pizza right so
obviously we can argue about the local
chains are the best but I tell everyone
like look okay that's a boring debate
though obviously the chain pizzas you
know the big three Pizza Hut Domino's
and uh and Papa John's which of those
three major chains are the best in what
order and the problem is the the big
weakness of local changes the fact that
like whatever you want a pizza destiny
it's at the generate hours you know it's
like you don't want a pizza when the
sun's out you don't want a pizza
whenever you're with your family you
want a pizza whatever you like you know
you're you're being a pile of [ __ ] and
it's like almost like twenty minutes to
midnight and you want to get delivery
for yourself you know I mean like you
don't want at that point local chains
are not [ __ ] open so the spicy debate
here is amongst the three shitty chains
which one's the least [ __ ] if you want
if you're craving pizza at 11:40 a.m.
and you're single on a Friday night and
you're not going out and doing anything
but just gonna go home and you know
he'll have a pizza in the masturbate and
pass out which chain are you ordering
the pizza from you know I'm saying
uh-huh and uh and shat hated me this
will here because like whenever I throw
up my tier list I was like our look
amongst those three chains certainly you
know Domino's and Pizza Hut and Papa
John's are all gonna be three gonna
contest here but I have to bring up that
my my my actual favorite pizza as far as
chains go who's actually a fourth
contender and that would be Costco
Costco's pizzas when it's made fresh are
[ __ ] amazing anyone who's not had it
is sleeping right now y'all not woke
dude Costco is this like some [ __ ] I
have to go bake in my own at-home oven
no no no you walk into Costco and you go
to the UH you go to the little deli area
front bake me a fresh pizza they'll tell
you be ready twenty-five minutes go
shopping grout on the way out dude
Costco [ __ ] look at right now
Costco [ __ ] pizza son you got a lot
of people are agreeing and disagreeing
okay I'm looking this up and it does not
look that impressive I don't know man
I'll show on on the scale of corporate
chains like if you're gonna get a
corporate pizza it's not delivery
honestly but if you go
over there and you and you order that
you get a fool like 18 inch big-ass
pizza for like 11 bucks
it's like comically cheap and it's
really [ __ ] good sure obviously it's
not delivery that's the only problem but
like I do I bring up it tastes [ __ ]
delicious dude
as far as King goes but okay as far as
like now okay all right so I forgot
where I was going here
I will something about the D and the DNC
versus Bernie uh if you uh I don't even
agreed on that or not but it's cool
though we can come back to it cuz what's
out just like what look like open this
next time I'm just like having a longer
term conversation about it sure um holy
[ __ ] dude okay let's see the other other
cute topics I had for you here were okay
this is like a this is a cute one okay
so over a schoolgirl once in our title
right now I'm [ __ ] Taco Bell so Taco
Bell recalled 2.3 million pounds 2.3
million pounds of seasoned beef due to
customer three customer complaints of
metal shavings found in the meat how's
it make you feel
sounds like a [ __ ] up something happened
I guess how am I supposed to feel good
about that now this was kind of a go
open and closed topic here talk about
recalls with Meek Mill moving Miller I
mean I'm at this time mister food places
a lot where somebody finds like a
chicken head or something happens or
whatever where people freak out because
something gets caught I mean fast food
serves like millions of people daily so
I'm sure she'll like this yeah Kenosha
beef international was the co-packer who
had a facility in Ohio and all the meat
coming out of there got recalled back
and but notably here I guess I love this
we this is common or not here it wasn't
caught in the facility this was only
caught after a customer come like three
complaints happened about customers
finding it in the meat and then it got
called in your history do you find this
typically these recalls happen only
after a customer finds them like the
seminal ax that happens or like the what
was that was that peanut butter recall
that happened a couple years back I
don't remember about customers finding
things is probably the most common way
[ __ ] gets noticed would be my guess but
I don't know okay well I asked
open/close name for his side that was
like a you know any type of offense
hmm so let's see here uh let's move on
here we have here uh so Twitter trying
to make things more safe here they're
going to restrict users from retweeting
world leaders who break its rules string
I thought they were just gonna like mark
the tweets somehow but not yeah I mean
by that is I've dispensed by your
further here users won't be able to
retweet like or comment on problematic
tweets that Twitter deems against its
rules from world leaders you will only
be able to quote tweet the tweet and
start your own conversation about it but
you only have to engage your boost it's
metrics so I don't have makes you feel
about that one or not here I'm
positioning because you uh I guess for
me what comes to mind here is a whenever
Trump did the the the possible escalate
like escalation of the North Korea
conflict right and would that have been
considered against their rules or
whatever but then they like retro
actively I'm impressed by the way
whenever uh I know you heard about Trump
do the North Korea thing but concerning
Twitter specifically here they had a
they after this happened people called
mal Michael hey why didn't you punish
Trump for like you know endangering
everyone by it by having like escalation
with North Korea conflicts or whatever
and then Twitter added a new rule to
their to their rules that they um that
world I always hear the White House is
exception to these rules like it's like
a cause added the term stores this point
huh
cover their own ass and then they kind
of moved on with it there so now the
White House has like freer and do
whatever they want to do I just kind of
keep on going from there yeah I mean I
don't my opinion of this is that like
these platforms like for world leaders
they should probably be allowed to tweet
whatever they want because like that's
important for us to be able to see it
and then they should I don't know you
should be able to retweet it because you
want to start your own conversations
about it or bring like bring attention
to it like imagine if Trump tweets some
crazy [ __ ] about global warming or like
about like black people being like you
know from [ __ ] countries or whatever
racist should are Mexicans not being
allowed to be judges or like if Trump
tweets their [ __ ] that ends up being
racist I want to be able to retweet and
start a conversation about it right I
think that's
but yeah yeah it means it's kind of
weird I don't know it's a it might even
be like a like a cloud thing where they
want to like use this rule to like kind
of educator 1 if you you you can quote
tweet because maybe maybe the average
Twitter user is not familiar with that
thing they they know what a reach
Weezer's maybe they don't know what a
quote tweet is at this point it's kind
of like not stable due for that sole
reason but like that could be like a
side effect benefit they wanted to like
wow we have this new tool you can use to
communicate in a different way tweeting
you know so because like I guess the
kind of the question is like um if you
if you want to restrict engagement with
the tweet then I guess my kinda thing is
like if you can't reach wheat then why
quote tweet I get maybe um no no it's
like uh yeah I just feel like it's kinda
like kind of weird huh
um let's move on here now though the uh
so I had a really really small an
earlier just like forever ago here but
um have you ever been to San Francisco
yeah okay so you know Market Street no
the very very busy street by the bay
where they have all the little Sam
Siskel cars on the really called here
whatnot I go what about it sure well um
so this is like a this like a small
thing here but uh they recently voted
and approved here to ban cars from
Market Street in downtown SF so if you
haven't been there it's actually kind of
shitshow so it's a very very busy street
in San Cisco and the fact that like it's
it's you have like the electric car the
electric like awful [ __ ] a call do the
the cars that are like [ __ ] I'm calling
a car dude I mean our cars or what no
it's like a public transit thing that
there are little cable yeah there's a
public bard in San Francisco or like a
tram trolley the trolley had a trolley
I couldn't even [ __ ] was calm sorry oh
uh yeah you got like trolleys in the
middle of the of the road you got like
ubers and lyft's lesson right here you
got pedestrians non-stop you got bikes
and you got the [ __ ] scooters
everywhere it's complete traffic
congestion [ __ ] honnestly and and
yeah they voted to ban cars and to maybe
a six hundred million dollar projects
going to make everything safer
apparently it actually one of the least
safe roads uh for pedestrians in the USA
right now
according to that thing already earlier
so like makes it like if they have like
the public transport to like change it
then yeah that'd be great
yeah so what we're gonna do here is uh
only only public transit buses bikes and
legit taxis would be able to go down
here
Uber's would not be able to go down here
nice so we're seeing uh so my question
kind of to you is like um do we know
thing about taxis like uh what kind of
license must one have to operate a taxi
so I feel there's like an implication if
there's a certain criteria between like
an uber driver versus like a taxi driver
well like in in New York City they have
like medallions that I think are really
[ __ ] hard to get I don't know in
other cities like what the
qualifications are to be like a taxi
driver I'm not sure if it's medallions
everywhere what but I mean you have to
work for like a real taxi company and
everything so yeah um do you know
anything about how like well on that
point here do you know anything about
how how is is to become an uber driver
like yet I know you also do any test
anything of that but yet the ladies like
you just like download the uber app scan
your license and start driving right
away probably something like that is it
that simple yeah um I guess yeah I don't
actually know for sure but like maybe
they do like a check when you're like
driver history or something but yeah
it's very well it's very easy
hmm I wonder it does that worry you that
the screen is that simple that you just
like all you got to do to drive like I
feel like that um I wonder how many
instances there has been for like uber
drivers who've like I don't know like
raped women or like kidnapped people or
whatever if it's a very like I don't
think it happens that often the only
reason why I say that is because I feel
like if it happened I feel like every
time that does happen it's like a huge
[ __ ] story
like I think it uh I think that [ __ ] was
it an uber driver I mean like somebody
like took a girl home or like try to
rape it or whatever and it got like a
lot of like a lot of coverage so like I
feel like if stuff like this was
happening these are like so sensational
stories like I feel like it'd be
reported like pretty hardcore yeah okay
I just I never I never really gave it
much thought
I know that obviously that you know
women go through a whole different
experience like if me and you were
somewhere
no big deal but like I'm like a woman
uber somewhere it's like you don't want
to get dropped at your actual house
because you want the driver to know
where you live to stop you the next day
or whatever you know that they confirm
that like a hot girl lives at X point or
whatever sure so you know I just uh
I'd also same time here if I reverse
engineer like what would I what kind of
screening would I want like hearing that
there's like you know get your cards but
then they're like there's like not
really a screen process at all here you
just kind of come and defeat the
contractor you just run with it uh-huh
probably the same criminal background
check and [ __ ] I don't know but like if
nobody's clean like I mean what are you
gonna do right what you gonna do huh
let's see what else we got here if I
scroll down here a little bit more here
oh well guess that that's kind of uh
those were all my small ones for you
though the last one was the big one
which you might want to say for next
week at this point here is when we are
open yeah close relationships thing
which I was a well lead with that one
nice one okay yeah yeah that's all it's
all good baby it's all good okay - well
hey we got through a lot of topics today
it's been fun yeah yeah right now what
do you uh
Sweden gets any small talk here at all
actually I mean we just didn't finish
our our red light camera conversation
either by the way well what's going on
your life right now what do you uh what
were you looking forward to doing this
week
if anything I'm home I've got like
[ __ ] eight hours of Dan ham playing
this week and then um yeah I'm just
trimming basically oh I've got um did
you ever listen to my debate with that
one crazy conservative lady the black
lady of the tree of logic oh yeah I
heard dude
round two is coming with her this Sunday
wait what yep
wait no wait wait okay I got your wait
ha lately we emailed me and she said I
was slandering her after our last
conversation so now we have a moderator
called Sinatra says who's like the most
milquetoast agrees with everything
conservative dude in the world so he's
gonna moderate will be fun oh it's good
ratings no [ __ ] Minds
even if you lose like half your brain
cells like half my brain cells for three
times as many viewers that's a good
trade I mean [ __ ] I mean [ __ ] dude
you can't tell you a very depressing
story here ya go friend you know there
was a UH okay remember okay so the iPad
one i'ma why my murder story so random
here the iPad one the first generation
iPad came
in 2010 there was like there was a kid I
think in China or Japan who actually um
donated one of his kidneys yeah it's two
kidneys right we have a right most of us
have okay yeah donated one of his
kidneys for an iPad uh-huh yeah which
like if I work all quickly I kidneys
worth about 160 grand but at the time
not like he wanted I think I actually
did that you know so I keep did that and
I'm sure he's cool as I've had one still
at this point and you know nine years
later so I mean for you you know you
know losing half your brain cells that
they don't regenerate they never come
back or you know for a fat for a fat 3x
viewer multi multiple for one day care
trade-off - yeah I mean you've done it
before I mean I've seen debate double
people before so I mean you're already
obviously cool losing your brain cells
on a repeated basis here true so whether
you want to ram your head into a wall
and have the same level of IQ drop or
make money while doing it debating
debating this trick here and people like
that hey I think it's all good man
that's capitalism brother am love baby
exactly dude alright you know I can play
game so I could if I could put like a
little like a golf ball a golf ball
cannon pointed up my ballsack and tell
people to donate ten thousand Vista to
launch one right at my testicles and you
know if it means that I'm a millionaire
but I can't have kids and it within a
year of this happening or a year of
doing this you know hey [ __ ] it all doc
no big deal I'm rich I don't know if I
would go that far but okay something
does involve extreme chests about okay
so get off for real dude openness and
we'll do what he says next week okay all
right yeah okay I gotta take off so I
love you it's been fun I will catch you
next week
wait wait wait wait wait wait okay all
right I'll see you guys next week peace
out yeah later take away his prize money
bound for a year and the two
broadcasters who were there who didn't
even do anything directly to the one
player who
