[Music]
what has he been doing in his backyard
okay how you guys doing today where is
my um where my boys at tabor what's up
come chance man how you doing
it's [ __ ] loser actually [ __ ] what's
up buddy how you doing
does anybody else take in your little
world like the NFL world I say a little
world your world through the mind but
does anybody and they like and I thought
well they care about anything going with
twitch like do people ever talk to you
about it or is there just like whatever
what some people know what it is and I'm
not sure I mean there's a decent amount
of people and then enough also I'm sure
there's a couple guys handful guys who
probably use twitches their form of
entertainment like before I was
streaming like literally all I was doing
all day was just watching different
twitch streams so like that was like my
main form of entertainment and there's
got to be other guys who do it but I
mean like there's a ton of guys that
played for tonight yeah right when that
big the boom of it happened basically
[Music]
what did I think of the acquaint you
learn anything
no [ __ ] no fire left behind a place did
you again I didn't watch it out I think
I'm watching it tomorrow today but you
were asking Apple is about h-1b visas
right yeah I was curious damn dude
I think she's allowed to say her for 90
days I don't know damn it's a good ask
question I asked okay in before Molina
is an alt right plant set to assassinate
destiny I'm ready for a new did we
talked about it today if we don't talk
about that so if somebody ever went they
like that much trouble like [ __ ] with me
like man wooden I think of you like
thanks Roger I gave him props oh this is
like a multiple take question but Tabor
and I were talking about this do you
think that twitch is created like a new
like racist dog whistle with the whole
like gameplay thing do you have 20,000
viewers history right now that you can
just say like all these [ __ ] idiots
like under the right context like it's
like a [ __ ] clear diagnosis for the
n-word trade agreement between yeah man
admission has ended alright if you go
even like one step further and you say
like these idiots
oh don't let bugger Nick get ahold of
that bugger Nick that's my one of my
favorite means also my other favorite
meme is Brittany venti using my picture
in her latest hit piece on this to you
wait did she make a third one or is this
just a second one do you think I'm ever
like back the necktie thing the most
recent next debate meme or whatever when
he did like the call in hmm I'm that
[ __ ] you're on um when like dudes like
that like blatantly just call you a
pedophile to your face like do you like
get like satisfaction out of that like
they're reaching for the low-hanging
fruit or does it like bother you even
like a little bit I don't know I like
the thing is is it like I know for sure
I'm not a pedophile and it's really
funny to me like if somebody as smart as
that is reduced to like out humming the
[ __ ] out of me cuz Nick is a pretty
bright dude like it makes me feel very
very comfortable in my position like cuz
otherwise he would be he would be so if
he if I was like getting stuff like
factually incorrect you know that a guy
like that would be [ __ ] slaughtering
me over it so when a person like that is
like resorting to like screeching like
pedophile at me and [ __ ] I don't know I
must be like getting under the skin
quite a bit I figured it'd be one thing
if they used it to like Mike drop at the
end of a really good point but it's
literally like hello Steve like you just
say it every other thing is not even
like it loses its sting after a while
yeah and then it also makes me wonder
I'm not gonna lie I talk about Sunstream
before but like this is something that I
like started to pay more attention to
hey thanks for the somebody I didn't
really I always I learned this like a
year ago
maybe not even maybe more recently I
didn't think that like there's gonna
sound really dumb but I didn't think
projection was a real thing I thought
that was like a meme kind of like you
know you say like Oh denial is the first
step of any addiction you know you're
always like you're projecting or
whatever but like after like story after
story after story comes out with people
that level like called me like a
pedophile like [ __ ] around like six
meals of [ __ ] like this stuff related
like a noir ski or like I don't know the
other other [ __ ] that comes out like I
start to look at it after I die like
wait a second like is this like a lot of
projecting like are a lot of people that
like sit here and Scrooge gotta follow
me all day do they just say that because
they're constantly hitting up like
sixteen year olds and [ __ ] like like it
makes me wonder there's one there's one
don't look at me there's one yeah like
that like it makes me wonder a lot you
know
yeah wait so how what are the Vegas odds
of you into [ __ ] in Austin within the
next few years I don't know I don't
think I will
you bought a couch she's not going
anywhere for at least three years oh
yeah that $300 couch I would never leave
now you're right
nice table yeah a lot of people thought
I couldn't read because I played
football there you go I could read the
word apropos nice I'm proud of you too
Abby RNA and the Wonderlic test nice and
the what test Wonderlic test it's a test
that all the college football players
going to the NFL has to have to take to
see if you can read the cognitive touch
fifty questions in 12 minutes
I mean when there's nothing that you
like practice for nope I've literally
never heard of anyone practicing for the
wonder what wait I want to take this do
you want to it let's do it
I already have a vibe of me taking it
but I'll send you the link send me that
I'll take it right now do you want to
know what I got before or after after
here you [ __ ] [ __ ]
oh wait hold on let me listen to this to
pump me up okay well alright which one
am I supposed to take fifth wonder like
a I sent it to damn yeah the fifty okay
fifty question is this time uh yeah
twelve minutes fifty questions holy [ __ ]
okay hold on there's like maybe five
questions you might want a pen or a
pencil you might not since you like
doing hard mode but it's about it
can I get my paint I okay I'm gonna meet
you guys wanna do this
wait what rearrange the words make the
only sentence what word follows vacation
vacation Mike took two Beach Mike took a
vacation to the beach
select Adam you should not eat you
shouldn't hit a desert the tenth month
of the year I am so bad with nine months
March April May June July August
September October how was it white
questions like the one that is not a
type of triangle rhombus is a fourth
thing right a cute of two said right I
think I'm pretty girl robbers is not oh
god if a Mike had a jar of nickels that
had five times more nickels than he
originally thought
so he had he thought it had X but it
actually has five X the total nine
medicals was 435 so it's four hundred
and thirty five divided by five which is
eighty seven
how many nickels did Mike think he
originally had oh wait it's five more
nickels no and five more nickels okay so
he has eighty seven oh and so dat two
minus five easy he
311 that's close so it's something like
this I felt like you would still lurk
contradictory infallible and impeccable
or very similar no something is
infallible it's also impeccable no these
aren't related just coz here in foul
what does make you impeccable it could
but when folded into a solid shape which
corner touches D so C would fold to here
oh man
C folds here a folds up here it comes to
e I don't [ __ ] know okay it can't
just be be going to dear ight it can't
be that simple
down here a would go up to here would it
be a is my guess I think pick this state
on the west coast Oregon if it takes two
minutes to make it through the circuit
and Josh number 32 in Lyon how long will
it be until he is done 64 minutes one
hour and four minutes moon soon okay all
right what do you get on this holy [ __ ]
450 but I answered all them but I was
like rushing a lot I didn't take as much
time as I probably shouldn't and I got a
40 mm nice job damn something 15 seconds
left
oh you finished with 15 second okay you
got how many questions you get like 40
you answered 40 wait how many questions
did I answer I make your answered 40
what does it show you am i stupid I
don't think it shows you I think you
doesn't like a look at the bugs if I
click back will it work there's there's
the vaad boys if you did if you want to
that's really impressive wait how many
did you answer
I answered 50 oh [ __ ] you should speed
your way through it then oh that was
stupid oh so I should actually have a I
should have at least a 40 if I guess on
the last 13 questions I'm guaranteed to
get one-fourth of them right by a basic
probability that should be three more
questions that I have right assuming so
I should out so
40 would be the bare minimum if I blow
my way through it okay some of these
weird home on the night Oh what is the
what the [ __ ] is this [ __ ] sequence
mmm four twelve six nine heading 3-1 oh
my god it's a [ __ ] AIDS question it's
just plus two plus two it's [ __ ] Ted
oh this was so stupid I thought this was
so much more complicated it was [ __ ]
aids infallible impeccable are not
related it I take issue that I disagree
that [ __ ] I thought I would get this one
wrong - I don't think infallible and
impeccable I don't think these two
things are related I disagree I know the
definitions of your infallible
mafia-like correct about something right
infallible incapable of making mistakes
out flaws yeah but it's a it's a
different and according to the higher
standards a proprietary and faultless I
don't think you would ever use these
things like would you you could have
like impeccable craftsmanship would that
necessarily make it infallible
craftsmanship they don't mean the same
thing but are similar oh thanks guys I
don't know it's similar man thank you
for the help thank you so much you can
look up your scores against other NFL
players they have like a list of the
money what are you supposed to score on
this to get into the NFL it's not like a
pass/fail thing but coaches would like
to know if you're a Papago or a big
brain [ __ ] eye shadow pride like there
was a player this year who came out of
University of Michigan which is like one
of the things that they [ __ ] brag
about is how awesome their school is he
literally got a nine holy [ __ ]
here's a funny story also one of my
teammates jack allen went to the combine
and 20s
scene and wait nevermind what I was
gonna say getting a nine is
statistically impossible but he probably
didn't finish the test because if he
guessed on every single one he would
have gotten higher than in height that's
yeah but people still do it I think his
name was rashon Gary oh whoa
calling out by name I mean he zo event
players so I don't give a [ __ ] what hey
Steve if I buy a boosted account and
play support for you all the time
what's your normal ello we don't really
talk about that you need to be what I
could play support at a high level you
need to be like yeah like I feel like we
could play to give I actually played
probably you got to diamond for at least
right which is like really early where I
matter worse so yeah back in season 3
hours there's a long time ago though
[Music]
