so basically I found contention with a
statement you made about so you said
like I don't want to like misrepresent
what you said you said that the free
market was a construct and when someone
refers to something is a construct to me
that implies and maybe you didn't mean
it this way but to me that implies that
it has I guess less intrinsic or that
less value than something that isn't a
construct for example so I don't know if
you when you said the free mark was a
construct you implied you were also
implying that um it's somehow is of less
value to society or humanity or
something like that in saying that but I
basically just wanted to get your
thoughts if possible on no just cuz I'm
is constructed as a minutes of less
value I think there's a lot of people
that feel that way that's why a lot of
people are uncomfortable when I say
certain things are constructed but yeah
cuz I'm i watch the video where you talk
to some guy with regards to gender and
sex and I like watching the video where
you talked about gender and it being a
social construct I guess gave me a new
perspective because I didn't believe
that before but like it seems like you
made pretty convincing arguments to that
to that end so I like to change my view
you said also I guess this is what I
wanted to debate I didn't actually
finish the video with Hasan but I read
on reddit that you said that socialism
was inevitable well socialists believe
that socialism is in it it's either
socialism or fascism or whatever like
inevitable outcomes of capitalism the
capitalism in and of itself is
unsustainable because of the discontent
of the working class do you think the
capitalism is sustainable I have no idea
it seems like maybe not but I don't know
it's hard to say okay
[ __ ] I'm just trying to find something
to disagree with you on so we can have
like an actual discussion that's kind of
substantive rather than maybe we just
don't really disagree how much yeah it
seems like we don't so you don't you're
not in favor of socialism though I take
that personally no I don't buy the labor
value Theory stuff and I'm a big
proponent of markets I think they work
well so well I am too but I'm just gonna
call any qualified real quick I'm sorry
socialism doesn't necessarily imply you
know markets that would be communism
okay second yeah so I think I used to
think that I am I study economics at
university so I like to think I know
what I'm talking about when I don't make
what year you second so like I'm not
gonna like try and use like leverage
that is like I guess yeah that's my I'm
yet again because I don't hey go fine so
I'm gonna base the argue in favor of
communism I I agree I [ __ ] I hate it
when like conservatives start talking
about socialism but they don't define it
as anything clear and it could imply
either generalizing boxes that well
whence it runs conservatives in the
United States talk about socialism
typically the only thing they're talking
about is um just increased social
spending is like socialism to them like
to say that stupid is economically
[ __ ] everyone knows like Keynes
Ian's know about the multiplier and how
has beneficial effects on the economy to
argue against that is basically arguing
against Keynesian theory and that's
[ __ ] dumb basically I believe it's
possible to sustain a marketless society
so Marx is a Marxist statement right
where he said um
we need like a few hundred years of
capitalism to sustain a society where
you know we I guess invested in our
factors of production
I think it's sustainable in the long run
if there's enough capitalism - I guess
build up wealth prior build up capital
stock prior and then it's a scary thing
right now is whether or not capitalism's
inability to address certain
externalities can be accounted for by
the government that's the scary thing
for me so like for instance the big meme
right now it would be like things
related to the environment are the scary
things because yeah I don't like
labeling that as a problem with
capitalism maybe it is but I feel like
that's more of an issue with um I mean
it's I hate it's literally a human
nature it's literally capitalism though
right so environmental damage is a
byproduct of the activity of firms and
it's negative byproduct but it's a
negative buy product that's not
accounted for monetarily right so we'd
call it an externality it's an extra
know that yeah we don't account for
anywhere in its if it's not accounted
for then there's no there's no incentive
for a profit maximizing firm to do
anything to address it which is like the
problem right whereas like and like say
communism you know you you can direct
people like this is something you should
do this is something you shouldn't do
because the market is planned right yeah
but so there's no like naturally there's
no incentive in like without regulation
but surely could you accept the idea for
example that the government could
through certain tax structures compeller
firms say that pollutes rivers to also
clean up that river oh yeah things like
cap and trade of course I'm not saying
it capital I'm saying that capitalism on
its own does like pure capitalism
whatever doesn't address response you
have to augment this with government
subsidies in order to yeah [ __ ]
people who advocate for like market
ohayo certain unlock it was like pure
capitalism [ __ ] like I don't think
they have brains yeah we call them
[ __ ] is kind of reared we just calm
libertarians but yeah all the time
no I have to stop actually believe it or
not somehow yeah somehow I was able to
do it but yeah somehow yeah ok another
point of contention I have with you is I
watched your like discussion of the
philosophy with a few philosophy guys
and I don't know if you still believe
this these videos I think we're like a
year old
but you said essentially you don't
believe in moral truths yeah quite so
and you described yourself if I remember
correctly as a like a egoist utilitarian
okay yeah kind of well yeah sure
so I I don't know I had like I was
thinking about this I came up with a
thought experiment I guess I think that
may give it too much weight but I'll
just give it I'll put it to you I want
to see what you say
so as an egoist utilitarian just running
with that definition for now would you
say you would maximize your own utility
that is the end goal of your actions is
always to maximize your own utility is
that correct yeah let's go with that
sure okay so say you're in a desert
you're traveling to a place you really
like say Disneyland I don't know if you
like Disneyland but you're traveling to
Disneyland and you find someone who is
passed out dying on the ground you know
it would maximize your utility to go to
Disneyland and if you let this person
die no one would know about it they
would die they'd be found you would have
no societal loss for it do you think you
would let the person die or would you
just continue merrily along your journey
to whatever the place is no I mean I
would help the person so this is kind of
why people would call the position of
egoism vacuous meaning that it's not
worried yet I'm talking about it's
because the answer I would give you is I
would say it would bring me a great deal
of dissatisfaction to let somebody die
for no reason so I would be managed
something maximizing my person utility
but measuring my utility here would
employ me to help the person right yeah
so it would but like if I don't know if
I don't know meaning but when I came up
with this I was I came up with a new
context of what you said and after I did
a bit of reading unlike I think Derek
Parfit book on what matters and
basically my point there was if everyone
in society is
like you are and and would respond that
way then what is the point of labeling
yourself I guess an ego is due to
latarian if ultimately most people are
going to help the person then doesn't it
like kind of to mention that would be
like almost pointless violence is what
I'm getting at
there's like no point I like it because
I believe that it describes human
behavior better that's that's why I am
in favor of it okay so when you so when
you talk about someone with talk to
someone
sorry about my I'm like a bit nervous
like yes because I haven't really yeah
no yeah so when you talk to someone
about moral moral things you don't view
them as odd statements you view them as
like what is and how can we describe it
rather than what should we do yeah so do
you not think that there's a place in
philosophy or ethics to describe what
statements what I mean I I just I don't
I mean like yeah I think you can I just
don't think the arts team has referred
to any real fact does that make any
sense so like we can construct system
super morality but I don't think that
morality is something that we discover
and though in the world no oh perhaps
not yeah so like this is called
I believe you'd be like a moral
anti-realist error theorist you believe
in that theory yeah yeah
so I disagree with that I think well
it's true that to some extent morality
is relative between individuals there
are some things that we can all accept
ultimately and like for example that you
shouldn't kill I think that that
statement you can pretty safely say it's
true like so my question be where do you
find that how do you how do you discover
that what do you see you shouldn't kill
so in
if there's a universal belief in society
that ends the circumcircle certain
circumstances you shouldn't like bring
undue harm or kill any other sentient
entity right I would say that that in
itself is discovering that belief like
it's it's a it's a pretty factual
statement to say you shouldn't kill
because everyone's gonna agree with you
about how you use it from how do you get
from the statement all humans have some
belief - this is believed this is a
belief that you should follow us this is
one you should or shouldn't do how do
you bridge those two gap how do you
bridge that gap is that like the players
on camera yeah correct
I don't know if I I guess my only
counter that would be at the my only
counts that would be like I don't
believe that the is or gap is a valid
thing because the argument for the
assault gap itself relies on me is or
gap I'm pretty sure there are some
criticisms of [ __ ] I forget who wrote it
was a Thomas Hobbes I don't know who it
was but like who came up with it
initially but the initial argument for
the hizzle gap essentially said like
it's it said as a statement of fact that
like you can't discover moral statements
and then from that it then said well
then we ought not to like take them as
true so it seems to itself rely on the
and I don't know if that makes it
invalid but I still think it's kind of
like a flawed worldview given that it
itself relies on that so I would have to
dig into that a lot more because it's
probably honestly it's probably on me
but it sounds more like you're just um I
don't I don't oh my god how do we do
this because I think what we're talking
about is a difference between epistemic
truth or epistemic fact versus moral
truth or moral fact so if I were to say
that we can't discover morality in the
real world therefore we shouldn't say
that it's like something discovered in
the real world what I'm using there I'm
employing deductive logic there I'm not
actually making a normative statement so
for instance if I say that all if I say
all balls are red and then I say that if
I say all balls are red and I say you
know here is a ball therefore this ball
is red that that final conclusion that
that's not a that's not like a moral
state that's not a normative statement
like the ball should be red
just a deductive statement like if we
believe these two premises then then we
can say logically the conclusion follows
so if we were to say that all moral fact
or moral fact or let's say all things
that are our mind dependent you know
aren't real objects and moral fact can't
be found in the natural world or
whatever is an entity so it's my
independent there for moral fact isn't
real I don't think there's a normative
statement you need to get to that
conclusion that's that's like my that's
my gut but I mean there's probably
philosophy smarter than me that might
argue the opposite so I could be totally
wrong on that but that's my gut feeling
on them I can see you're saying yeah but
I I don't know if I accept that analogy
because like obviously it's logically
sound sure but I don't think that like
deductive logic is necessarily
applicable to real-world problems like
there are always a lot more complicated
than just you can come up with a set of
premises and well an argument and
everyone works no I I would be careful
how you phrase that cuz you out you
absolutely believe in deductive logic
you have to it's a priori or granted to
us if you didn't believe in deductive
logic your whole worldview would
collapse and still I think I didn't
phrase that very well I guess what I'm
saying is obviously I believe in
deductive logic like a lot of judgments
i'm a i-i-i-i acknowledged to be
deductive but I don't think it
necessarily applies to morality and I
guess I'm kind of just like dodging I'm
not really like making a counter
argument I'm kind of just like changing
the definitions of things but I think I
have a good I think there's good reason
to in the real world where if we accept
that deductively you can't really make
moral statements I don't think you
should try to argue against moral
statements based on deductive logic as
you I think just did other
I mean I guess like to cut to the chase
I guess my question we don't altom utley
be to you like okay well how do we
discover moral truth how do we know for
sure that we're discovering world truth
so back to my example of a society where
it's wrong to kill could you say what
why couldn't you say for example that we
obviously when individuals do kill in
general we put some sort of sanction on
them we I mean in the United States you
guys don't you like revoke their right
to vote
or something in Australia here we just I
just put them in prison so I guess the
truth of that statement would be like
obviously we have mechanisms and laws in
place to do that but also I think that
in general like naturally I don't know
if I can back this up but I think you
would agree that groups of people even
without laws would generally not kill
one another
like we don't yeah we can make these are
so these are called descriptive
statements right we can make a million
descriptive statements of people imagine
but what I'm looking for is how do you
arrive at a normative statement just
because people do do something how can
we say people ought to do something
because like I gotta watch animal
populations and find different behaviors
should I say that a cat ought to torture
its prey before it kills it where the
dolphins ought to torture food before
they can like what do you get these
statements or what if a bunch of people
gravitated towards some behavior that in
today's society we would consider a
moral like either cheating or killing
people are stealing [ __ ] from people
like the way I like watching your debate
like so one of the I guess behaviors
that you would consider immoral is
incest and watching your like you
discussed incest with people I guess I
kind of the conclusion I arrived at is
you have like general truths that people
accept I guess I can't really
substantiate accepting the truths other
than say like I accept them and yeah
they could they start from nothing it's
basically I'm saying that's so that's
kind of what I'm saying is that like
these things are unjustified and
circular ultimately they have to be so
but that's it you just accept that and
then you kind of move on from there it's
I still think that like given that there
are like also show there
justified in circular but the widespread
adherence to them itself to me at least
seems to prove the truth and I guess
that could be like yeah you're in some
insane world relativism there at that
point right because you could justify so
much bad behavior if you were to if you
yeah III think I guess the the reason I
wanted to have this conversation was
like cuz I want to like get context from
you and like what you think like I build
my opinions on people I think are
reasonably smarter than me so I don't
know if you want to [ __ ] kill yourself
I mean you can always you know pick up
[ __ ] and start reading I mean that's
agathor beliefs and moral truth who's
probably one of them all I'd offer to I
don't think I think he's find the moral
truths I believe whereas he seems to
just take them as self-evident and
careful because you're doing the same
thing right you're saying well if
everybody believes these things they
must be true that's pretty much being
self-evident right I am doing the same
thing I agree yeah
probably I need to think about it more
probably another so another thing I
wanted to ask you sorry if this is like
pointless I don't know if I'm wasting
your time that's my no even okay so in
your debate I think this was a long time
ago this was in 2016 but you said like
to that [ __ ] that dumb [ __ ] from our I
shouldn't say that that that girl from
pole who was arguing for Trump in a
pound all right yeah yeah
so you mentioned something about
Hiroshima and Nagasaki and the bombings
of the of Japan with the nuclear bombs
do you I have this debate with a lot of
people in my life and I've yet just come
up or come up with myself or have them
present me any good arguments that
actually let's say that the bombings
were immoral or somehow morally
unjustified I was wondering what your
position on that was given that what you
said seems to I'm not saying in the
context it was true but it seemed to
imply that you
take moral issue with the bombing of
Japan I wanted to know what your
position on that was honestly I'm not
well-versed enough unfortunately I mean
candid arguments that's presented is
that we needed to do it to avoid further
casualties in the war I've heard people
say that that claim is very contentious
that that's act not actually true so I'm
not sure I think what the correct answer
is there okay I guess another back to
the economic thing you debated a guy on
Trump's economic policy which in general
I disagree with but during the course of
that debate you said like so Trump's
tariffs were bad because they I mean
they obviously preclude gains from trade
with China and potato with other
countries in particular and in general
economists accept that you know open
open trade is a good thing and I accept
with you on that but the guy's point
seemed to be that in the long run
Trump's economic policy would be
beneficial from the United States on the
grounds that it could bring China to the
negotiating table which it seems as
though it has done like I'm not sure if
that's true I mean we'll see it like
major IP laws and should get changed but
yeah so with IP do you mean like China
stealing IP yes and right now you want
to do business in China you're required
to establish a business there and then
transfer your IP over to it in order to
do business and then obviously they end
up stealing yeah
yeah they do [ __ ] I was hoping I could
find more that I disagree with you on I
I don't think I'm just like a mindless
fanboy follower oh okay actually here's
one you mentioned with with animals
right you in yeah I guess in the in the
debate with vegan gains you said like
you think it's hypocritical for humans
to to like eat cow
you know kill all these other different
animals but then when people say like oh
but the dogs you know have you changed
your position on that at all or is that
still what you believe um yeah I mean
people that love dogs and all that [ __ ]
but I think it's totally ok to kill
animals kind of bothers me again I think
that's okay I don't think it's a
critical and the reason I think that is
because like I guess first we have to
agree on what hypocrisy is and like it's
essentially I think that that statement
kind of relies on a moral so if you if
you accept that there are no moral
truths right essentially what you're
saying is ethically you think it's wrong
for people to kill all animals but I'm
not saying anything it's right or wrong
I'm just saying if you believe that this
thing is wrong it's pretty hard to say
that this thing is right so with with um
with dogs like and your I guess okay so
from your social contract argument I
would argue that it's okay to kill cows
and not dogs because the relationship
humans have with dogs seems to mimic
that of a social contract okay I don't
care about the social contract [ __ ] much
that was like a big thing I had in the
past but it's like now that's like not
like the be-all end-all it's just like
an easy way to get from like how to deal
with other kind of creatures that have
the ability to [ __ ] with me I guess okay
well the reason I think it's okay then
ultimately is because they're like the
evolutionary relationships between the
humans have the dogs and the humans have
with any be careful real quick you're
about to lay out a whole bunch of
descriptive facts right and then I'm
gonna ask okay so why should I care
about that so you're about to say
something that well evolutionary really
showed bubble and then I'm gonna ask
okay cool well just because this is true
why does that mean that I should value
them morally it's gonna be my question
[ __ ] yeah okay horrible is not Gaffigan
yeah is there any circumstance in which
you would accept that the is or gap I
just I feel like it's a it's a cop-out
though like you can just with any moral
claim you can just say well yeah but why
should you do that and like that's it's
not a cop-out it's just forcing somebody
to recognize like okay well there is no
like ultimate justification for these
things it's just a kind of a human
construct and then you move from there
we start with some moral system where we
start with some basic axioms we
to build morals from there but those
foundational axioms are going to be
entirely my independent human
constructed things he's not gonna be
found anywhere in nature yeah I guess I
have to think about this you for me some
things to think about and read about
which I guess was the ultimate goal of
this um dude I don't know I don't think
I have any more to find contention with
you on or nothing that I could possibly
convince you of I guess in the interest
of saving time I think we should just
stop because I yeah I don't know perhaps
if I if you'd be willing to debate some
other time after I've like I'm gonna try
as hard as I [ __ ] can to invalidate
your is or gap claim because I hate that
claim yeah I mean if you do it you're
gonna be the Mike Bosse well-known
philosopher like in the whole world so
[ __ ] well you know what if it if it
takes like seven years and a PhD in
philosophy I'm gonna do it I'm gonna
switch my course right now yeah in the
interest of I guess if I ever further
people wanted to bet or something I
guess I'll just go back to being your
average regular viewer who just
mindlessly follows destiny and hates all
the [ __ ] conservative libertarian so
obviously more intelligent than all of
us um cement alright I'll see you later
buddy Pizza good sorr
[Music]
