okay when the actual report gets
published let me know if we have like oh
wait is this report okay all right let's
[ __ ] read it as a supplement to the
notification provided on Friday March
22nd 2019 I'm ready to advise you the
principal conclusions reached by special
counsel Robert S molar the third to
inform you about the status - review of
the report he has prepared so this is
being written by the Attorney General
who has read the special report from
Robert Moeller
which I believe concludes the Moller
investigation on Friday the Social
Council submitted to me a confidential
report explaining the prosecution or
declination decisions he has reached at
Scrabble
this wasn't a report on the
investigation into Russian interference
in the 2016 presidential election
although they might although my review
is ongoing I believe that it is the
public it is in the public interest to
describe the report and to summarize the
principal conclusions reached by the
Social Council and the result of his
investigation the report explains that
the special counsel and his staff
thoroughly investigated allegations that
members of the presidential campaign of
Donald J Trump and other associates with
it
conspired so his staff investigated
allegations that Donald J Trump and
others issue with it conspired with the
Russian government and its efforts to
interfere at the 2016 year's
presidential election
or sought to obstruct the related
federal investigations and the report
the special counsel noted that in
completing his investigations he
employed 19 lawyers who were assisted by
a team of approximately sorry I said um
oh he employed 19 lawyers who were
assisted by a team of approximately 40
FBI agents intelligence analysts
forensic accountants and other
professional staff special counsel
issued more than 2,800 subpoenas
executed nearly 500 search warrants
obtained more than two hundred orders
for communication records issued almost
50 orders authorizing the use of pen
registers made 13 requests to foreign
governments for evidence and interviewed
approximately 500 witnesses oh the
Special Counsel obtained a number of
indictments and convictions of
individuals and entities in connection
with this investigation all of which
been publicly disclosed during the
course of his investigation and Social
Council also referred several matters to
other offices for further action the
report does not recommend any further
indictments nor did the Special Counsel
taint any sealed indictments it have yet
to be made public below I summarized the
principal conclusions set out in the
social counsellors report
Russian interference in the 2016 US
presidential election the special
counsels report is divided into two
parts the first describes the result of
the special counsels investigation into
Russian interference and the 2016 US
presidential election the report
outlines the Russian effort to influence
the election and documents crimes
committed by persons associated with the
Russian government in connection with
those efforts so this is referring to
the other indictments that have been
laid forth for like the internet
research agency was one and then I think
the gusoff er hackings of the DNC
campaign as well the report further
explains that a primary consideration
for the Special Counsel investigation
was whether any Americans including
individuals associate with the Trump
campaign join the Russian conspiracies
to influence the election which would be
a federal crime the Special Counsel
investigations did not find that the
Trump campaign or anyone associated with
it conspired or coordinated with Russia
and its efforts to influence 2016 US
presidential election as a report states
the investigation did not establish that
members of the Trump campaign conspired
or coordinated with the Russian
government in its election interference
activities the special counsels
investigation determined that there were
two main Russian efforts to influence a
2016 election the first involves
attempts by a Russian organization okay
so that's where resentment the internet
research agency to conduct
disinformation and social media
operations in the United States
designed to sow social discord
eventually with aim of interfering with
the election as noted above the special
counsel did not find any US person or
Trump campaign official or associate
conspired or knowingly coordinated with
the IRA in its efforts
although the social council brought
criminal charges against a number of
Russian nationals and entities in
connection with these activities the
second element involved the Russian
government's efforts to conduct computer
hacking operations designed to gather
and disseminate information to influence
the election the special counsel found
that Russian government actors
successfully hacked into computers oh
and this is the Greece where stuff
hacked into computers and obtained
emails from persons affiliated with the
Clinton campaign a democratic credit
organizations and publicly disseminated
those materials through various
intermediaries including WikiLeaks based
on these activities especially council
brought criminal charges against a
number of Russian military offers
officers for conspiring to hack into
computers in the u.s. for proposing to
influence the election I therefore
purpose is for influencing election I'm
pretty sure that this is for IR I don't
know these people these are like foreign
people right these are foreign agents in
Russia these are never gonna be like
extradited to us or anything but as
noted about the special consulate did
not find the Trump campaign or any one
associate with it conspired or
coordinated with the Russian government
in these efforts despite multiple offers
from Russia and affiliated individuals
to assist the Trump campaign okay so but
as noted about the suppose room he also
did
not find out the Trump campaign or
anyone associated it conspired or
coordinated with the Russian government
in these efforts despite multiple offers
from Russian affiliate individuals to
assist the Trump campaign so this shows
that Russian people did reach out to the
Trump campaign to try to conspire but
that the people didn't respond or
intentionally didn't respond to these
offers which is probably good
obstruction of justice the reports
second part addresses a number of
actions by the president most of which
have been the subject of public
reporting the Social Council
investigated is potentially raising
obstruction of justice concerns after
making a thorough factual investigation
in these matters the special counsel
considered whether to evaluate the
conduct under department standards
governing prosecution and declination
decisions but ultimately determined not
to make a traditional prosecute
prosecutorial judgment the special
counsel therefore did not draw a
conclusion one way or another as to
whether the examined conduct constituted
obstruction mmm instead for each of the
relevant actions investigated the report
sets out evidence on both sides of the
question and leaves unresolved
oh no on resolve with the special
counsel views as to difficult issues of
law in fact concerning whether the
president's actions and intent could be
viewed as obstruction The Specials
Council states that while the score does
not conclude that the president
committed a crime it also does not
exonerate him that's gonna be an Omega
yikes for me Pham the special counsels
decision described the facts of
obstruction investigation without
reaching any legal conclusion leaves it
to the Attorney General to determine
whether the conduct described in the
port constitutes a crime over the course
of the investigation especially
counsel's office engaged in discussions
with certain Department officials
regarding many of the legal and factual
matters at issue and the special
counsels obstruction investigations
after reviewing the special counsels
final report on these issue is
consulting with Department officials
including ups of legal counsel and
applying the principles of federal
prosecution that guide overcharging
decisions
Deputy Attorney General rod Rosa said
having concluded that the evidence
developed during this particular
investigation is not sufficient to
establish that the president committed
and obstruction of justice offense
people are gonna fight about this
assuming the whole report is made public
which I imagine after some redactions it
will be this is probably gonna be what
people will fight over next our
determination was made without regard to
and is not based on the constitutional
considerations that surround the
indictment and criminal prosecutions of
a sitting president in making this
determination we noted the special
counsel recognized that the evidence
does not establish that the president
was involved in an underlying crime
related to Russian election interference
and that will not determinative
absence of such evidence bears upon the
president's intent with respect to
obstruction generally speaking to obtain
and sustain an obstruction conviction
the government we need to prove beyond a
reasonable doubt that a person acting
with corrupt intent engaged in
obstructive conduct with a sufficient
nexus to a pending or contemplated
proceeding I feel like that's not
correct but I could be wrong I feel like
I read like a big like a big prosecutors
write-up on this that like let's say
somebody comes to my house and let's say
this we know you have child porn we're
gonna [ __ ] your [ __ ] up and let's say I
like oh no [ __ ] it and I like break all
my computers and blow my [ __ ] up even if
I didn't have anything I think you could
still view that as obstruction couldn't
you even if you're not guilty of the
crime or E or whatever it doesn't snow
count as obstruction of justice I
thought it did I could be wrong though
and cataloging the president's actions
many which took place in public view of
the report identifies no actions at an
art judgment constituted obstructive
conduct at a Nexus to a pending a
contemplated proceeding and we're done
with corrupt intent each of which 100
the department's principles of federal
prosecution guiding charging decisions
would need to be proven beyond a
reasonable doubt to establish an
obstruction of justice offense the
current Attorney General bar literally
uses the narrow as possible and that's
why a lot of people were against him oh
I don't know I don't know anything about
Baris no state of the department fears
the relevant regulations contemplate
that the special counsels report will be
a confidential report to the Attorney
General
see as I previously stated however I am
mindful of the public interest in this
matter for that reason my goal intends
to release as much of the social cost
report as I can consistent with
applicable law regulations and
department policies based on my
discussions with a special counsel my
initial review it is apparent that the
report contains material that is or
could be subject to Federal Rule of
Criminal Procedure which opposes
restrictions on the use and disclosure
of information related to matters
occurring before a grand jury
well limits disclosure for certain grand
jury information in a criminal
investigation prosecution disclosure
material below this restriction protects
the integrity of grand jury proceedings
and ensures no giving instructions the
schedule for processing the report
depends in part on how quickly the
department can identify the material
that by law cannot be made public I
requested the assistance of the special
counsel in identifying all information
containing the report as quickly as
possible
separately I'm also I must I also must
identify any information that could
impact
ongoing matters including those referred
to other offices so there are a lot of
other charges that have been referred to
to other offices related to people
getting people getting charged with
stuff although that shouldn't have
anything to do with brush and related
stuff that might have to do with like
local financial crimes and whatnot given
these restrictions the schedule from
surrender okay we were to read this
separately I'm so identify any
information that could impact soon as
some price decline are we in a position
of before it expeditiously in
determining which can be released in
light of applicable law regulations
departmental policies as I have observed
mention all notifications the special
counsel regulation Fri that the Attorney
General may determine the public release
of notifications to your blah blah blah
would be a public interest I have so
determinate angle discloses letter the
public after delivering it to you so the
so by virtue of the special
investigation everything related to
basically so there are two main
questions here one is related to the
whether or not Trump committed Trump
Ward Trump's campaign committed a
conspiracy against the United States
which assuming you believe the report of
the of robert muller which you probably
should it seems to be a very clear know
that not only Trump with the people
around Trump did not engage in any sort
of behavior and then the second question
and this is probably going to become the
new battleground for the next year or
two is going to be related to the
obstruction of justice and then that's
probably going to stud that fight will
start as soon as the actual report is
released but we can't really speak to
that until we see the evidence on both
sides why do they lie about meeting the
Russian so much I have no idea like I
said I mean like it's it's always been
possible that like nothing ends up
happening but holyfuck they never did
themselves any favors I don't know why
but um yeah I mean Trump is I mean we
already know that Trump is like both
politically and unpolluted like pretty
[ __ ] stupid so it's possible again
that he's just really dumb how much of a
boost in the polls do you think this
will give him um I don't know if it will
help Trump much at all I think that like
when you I think that for Republican I
say for Republican it's probably for
everybody but like when you attack
somebody sometimes that actually like
strengthens your base so like for
instance
the maja Dex kills me your thought
process for this excuse me was still
really [ __ ] cancer I was like the
whole Bayesian [ __ ] was a really [ __ ]
stupid way to approach this the what
question was I at asking oh wait what
was i answering [ __ ] oh how much of a
boost in polls I'm so like for instance
for Kavanagh for Kavanagh I'm pretty
sure he got more popular as he got
attacked with the rape allegations I'm
pretty sure that's what the polling data
showed so it's possible that like the
popularity of Trump being attacked has
already been factored in because people
already already had like the idea that
people already had the idea that like
that everybody's just bullying Trump or
whatever ah [ __ ] X kills me I hope your
smite I know you're smarter than those I
know that you're riding high or whatever
I know cuz you're like a big Trump Lord
ever but like you predicted a 40%
probability that Trump campaign colluded
based on no evidence don't tell me where
my reasoning was off man right you
understand that like you can't really
talk about probabilities like post fact
right you have to know that I know that
you know this right you sound like every
poker player who's like I had aces
preflop and he had you know he had jack
town I can't believe it call him I
already beat me like there should be no
chance of that happening it's like okay
well I mean like right like I could
technically still be correct about the
40% and it didn't go through right or
Trump had like a 30% chance to win the
election maybe like that's not how that
works right um okay wait where are we
you absolutely can't and should revisit
your past takes and reconsider why you
were so wrong but I will never mind I
don't think are gonna argue my good
faith on this I mean I've said like
multiple times and I know you're not
gonna believe me I've said multiple
times that I'm not really comfortable
giving a percentage I didn't realize
that the reason why you were like
hardcore pressing me for a percentage
was so that you could like try to like
bad faith like know me to the wall on it
like I was never married to 40% and I
pretty like I'd said multiplet like you
can probably count over like 50 times on
stream where I've literally said like we
should probably wait for the report to
come out before we really know like
everyone in this chat has heard me say
that a million times like you know could
it like I guess you going either way
really no like I've said that I could
see it going either way and we should
probably wait for the special counsel to
finish investigate I said there's
multiple times like 50 plus times not
scream I've said it like I know that
you're like crazy like you were like
insanely pushing me for like what is the
percentage like I don't know like yeah
destiny how you know it wasn't 40
percent you could have said 99% of the
results would not I made you yeah that's
why I'm really weird that exhales me I'm
pretty sure the extremely just like
really happy that the report kind of
like vindicated his point of view but I
don't know why that would make him feel
like really yeah like technically there
could have been a 99% chance that Trump
was guilty and this report still doesn't
prove that percentage wrong that's not
how that works right like that doesn't
work that way
you were 100% wrong man no you're
engaging of bad stats right now but let
me be clear before you find out what's
in the molar report my contention has
been that the collusion was after the
election I've said countless times I
don't care about tweet sent during an
election I hope Moeller investigate a
connection structure before and after
the election I would be incredibly
[ __ ] shocked if through the scope of
this investigation
Moeller didn't investigate stuff after
the election this is a really [ __ ]
stupid tweet I don't know why he would
tweet this at this point unless the
Attorney General is literally lying I
don't I would drop everything related to
conspiracy against the United States
like I mean we should we should feel
pretty good about I mean Moeller did his
investigation they have a lot of charges
that they recommended a lot of charges
and went through I'm pretty sure you
dropped this at this point
Destinee two days ago even two days ago
this is a really stupid tweet to make
you don't wanna like leave yourself open
to like the thing that you don't want to
do is like once you've found like
evident once you've gotten like a
conclusion for something you don't want
to keep leaving it open so that you can
constantly hang on it like for days and
years after because Nonna's kind of like
well my contention was that collusion
happened afterwards
well my intention is or my contention is
that collusion happened with people that
weren't necessarily with Trump well my
intention is like or my contention is
that coalition right you don't because
you think you can like infinitely put
again forever it's really dumb
it doesn't bars thing basically say the
Department of Justice won't indict
doesn't that mean it wasn't passed off
to I don't know what SD NY means the bar
statement says that
molars investigation finish and there
was no examples of there were no there's
no evidence that Trump or anybody in
Trump's campaign responded to any
requests from Russian people to
influence the election that was the
stomach bars not lying which I don't
think the DOJ would [ __ ] lie about it
Oh Southern District of New York Oh so
molars investigations could have molars
investigation has recommended things to
other districts but the that
investigation itself has no more
indictments sealed or otherwise that are
waiting to come out he said they weren't
part of the hacking of emails or troll
farms the molar report doesn't look at
money laundering from the past 20 years
sure but that's not really what what
this issue was about right we weren't
curious if Trump was laundering money 20
years ago and even if he was I don't
know if we care about that right now is
for a president but what exactly they're
referring to for the obstruction of
justice in that document when they say
doesn't exonerate Trump probably stuff
related to call me and probably stuff
related to [ __ ] who was the Attorney
General before was it the woman Attorney
General I don't remember what the
questions were about I want to go back
but why why wouldn't we care that he
laundered money from Russia for the past
20 years because it's not relevant to
the conspiracy you can see United States
thing right now that's not what we're
relevantly looking at how I can have
some crack who lied about WD store Bush
and who terrorized Muslim communities
ended up being a wet fart if you're
going to go against what if you're going
to go so I'll tell you this right now
and you can conduct yourselves as you
want I would hope that my community
would rise above this this is my hope
but I would trust the outcomes of the
Moller investigation like that
investigations tendrils spawned very
[ __ ] far if you were at the
indictments related to the to the DNC
hacking they had a lot of information
based on how Russia conducted itself not
to mention all of the indictment
sentiment for everybody else I would
trust the results of this investigation
if you start screeching against it then
it looks stop saying they didn't respond
Trump jr. I love it and stone talking to
Assange they responded they might not
have
they colluded but they responded they
didn't they didn't respond with first of
all I don't know if that Trump jr. I
love it is proof of them like
coordinating with people to conspire
against the United States but Wow we do
you think no Trump will be more relaxed
to not have outbursts on Twitter
um no he'll still have outbursts about
every little thing I don't know why
exhume assuming the entire campaign like
ran itself fairly clean I don't know why
Trump made himself look so [ __ ] bad
over all of this however people indicted
for [ __ ] oath report says no one
responded or was involved were they just
talking about the people other than
those about it well for instance like
manna fort was indicted for past
financial crimes cohen was indicted for
elections fraud or FEC violations
federal action mission violations not
for like stuff related to Russia it has
the quick couple questions if you're a
sovereign you're in the sub channel I'll
drag you in soon
[Music]
but not stuff related till I conspiracy
you can see United States which it was
what the investigation was looking for
Ryan how can this be reconciled with the
fact that almost every single person
around was guilty of federal crimes well
they were guilty of federal crimes for
they weren't guilty of crimes related to
conspiracy against the United States
right that's what the mole investigation
was looking for was whether or not the
President or his campaign engaged in
conspiracy against the United States did
they coordinate with foreign agents to
undermine the electoral process right
sound like that this is this is what the
central question was about whether or
not they were guilty of other federal
crimes that were uncovered under the
purview of the investigation is not what
was like necessarily done right destiny
when you're gonna do this train will you
check out because no candidate at some
time soon it was probably not clean oh
my god excuse me stop excuse me you're
on a Redemption arc please stop saying
dumb [ __ ] I don't think I was right I
was objective I object to lose right so
whether or not I don't know why I'm
explaining to you cuz I know you know
this right you can't determine whether
or not a percentage was accurate based
on a single outcome you can never do
that so friends is I could say I have a
99 percent chance to do something and
then failed to do it that doesn't mean
that I was wrong I could have been
incredibly unlucky right much this ain't
like this is pretty basic stats destiny
was saying there's a 50% chance of
collusion conspiracy being true fairly
recently to give your think of a 50
percent
constitutes enough evidence to win in
court wait what this is not at all like
what the conversation was about if I
think there's like a 50% chance that
some guy murdered some other dude that
doesn't mean I have enough evidence to
take them to court and win what are you
talking about this is so stupid
yes it that's not but that's not what
the conversation is about in civil court
first of all okay that's not when you
ask somebody like what do you think are
the chances so like let's say for
instance somebody uh let's say that you
know like oh there's some guy that's a
huge [ __ ] of a landlord and he
scammed like tenants in the past and
then some friend is like [ __ ] I think my
landlord scammed me and the guys like
what do you think of the chances of it
and the friend who knows the the guy
that's living I was like oh well he's
scam people across was probably a 50%
chance he did it that doesn't mean that
you all of a sudden are saying like oh
well I have enough evidence to take him
to court right now and like win in civil
court where I just need a preponderance
of evidence that's not how anybody uses
those words looks like such a dumb take
this is literally what courts do but
it's not when you ask like a casual
person what are the chance of something
happened happening they're not saying
like oh like the chances of this having
happened are I have enough evidence to
take them to court right now and win
like that's not that's not that's not
that's not how that works at all why
don't you call all Abril out on his
[ __ ] when did it wind adalah broke
engagement [ __ ] the campaign was
probably not clean when we see the
underlying [ __ ] the evidence will appear
less conclusive to a layperson than the
overall conclusion suggests he's still
probably innocent yeah but like the
problem is like typically you want to go
by so when when Moeller releases his
report almost positively there is going
to be stuff in there
that looks like collusion or that looks
like conspiracy to commit fraud against
the United States almost for sure I
would bet money on it however you should
probably rely on the overlying opinion
of the investigator you should rely on
their overall conclusion we rather than
trying to dig out or mind like specific
pieces of evidence because the the
overall conclusion of somebody that's
well-versed in all the materials is
going to be better than trying to pick
out like one or two little facts oh
that's definitely something happened
right this is for instance this is for
instance how how the Iraq war happened
right
in the Iraq war our intelligence
agencies believed that there probably
weren't weapons of mass destruction that
was the overwhelming opinion but it was
the office of special plans that gave a
small tidbits of unvetted of unvetted
intelligence that passed it directly to
the White House and that's where they
made the decision to go in and look for
[ __ ] so um yeah I was just saying that
because people will think the campaign
was clean due to mold due to the
moment's closure well no my Santa
campaign is clean just that there's
probably no anything related to Russia
collusion huge caveat to the summary I
don't think I see a huge caveat okay
guys we have to be the ones listen how
many people arrived here six thousand
people okay please please please please
please please please please don't do
this please don't [ __ ] do this okay
if the Moller council is saying that
there was no conspiracy to commit fraud
against the United States then there's
not drop it and move on it's over okay
that's done don't hold on to this and
try to drag it out like well I'm
actually I'm sure there's gotta be
something bad on the report and we'll
read the report I'm sure there's gonna
be something that like it's done the
report is over the report is filed like
it's done move on to the next thing
focus on the 2020 elections focus on the
candidates you like like move on don't
do this [ __ ] it's gonna look real
[ __ ] bad one or two years from now
don't [ __ ] do this okay this is gonna
look real [ __ ] bad I will hope that
every will have access to the full
report maybe actually but I don't even
know about I don't even know how I feel
about the full report being released now
I'm not sure oh I just kills me I love
you so much you're one of my only
right-leaning people in chat that I can
like that is like reasonably intelligent
but you operate as such bad face
sometimes it like really makes me wonder
graphine he has no self reflection
testing any chance to prove to everyone
that he's above partisan takes he could
have had it he could have taken a hot
take and said I think it's unlikely
until I see evidence and today he would
have had so much credibility and stead
he defended a conspiracy theory and even
now he refuses to revisit his probably
so led him astray if anybody watched my
stir
for any measure of time I said multiple
times on this stream that I could see it
going either way and that we should wait
until the report comes out from Robert
Muller I've said that a million [ __ ]
times I've also said a million [ __ ]
times that hey you know it's possible
the Trump campaign is just real [ __ ]
stupid I have explicitly said that on
stream multiple times I've said it over
and over and over again the only time in
my entire life when I was given when I
gave like oh there maybe there's a 40%
chance that the Trump did it was when
you pushed me in a conversation over the
course of like five minutes to give me
8% you're like what's the percent
whatever sent which I was incredibly
uncommon I don't [ __ ] know I don't
know any I have no idea I given and I
was like I don't know maybe before then
the only reason for dinner I don't know
less than half I guess so 40% like
that's the only time I've ever heard
that number it only came when you pushed
me hard and then you use that number and
then you use that number to like [ __ ] it
like crucify me over the next like year
or two like destiny said for yourself I
don't [ __ ] know if it's [ __ ] 40%
like I have no idea I don't know but I
mean like it's definitely likely I mean
I think that Trump is a kind of person
that would do it if he was given the
opportunity to and I know a lot of
people run about dirty as [ __ ]
especially with his connections to
metaphor it but I constantly and
consistently said I consistently said we
should wait until the report comes out
for Mahler before we like jump off the
bridge and do any crazy conclusions like
I've said that a million times there is
not a single person in my stream that
like literally thinks like oh destiny
knows for sure that Trump did collusion
we're just waiting for it in fact I've
cautioned two people away from that what
I'm saying it's totally possible that
nothing comes from that's like that's
totally possible actually and that was
my take two days ago when I said that
Moeller was filing the report that was
done might take two days ago and
actually something go back on stream and
hub for the clips as I said that um oh
yeah it's it's probably not collusion
that if the investigation is already
over after two years it's probably not
collusion unless they're incredibly
[ __ ] stupid like I've said this
explicitly like a million times on my
stream you know but but okay
I can't square that I can't square that
with you taking such a strong stance
against my take that it was highly
unlikely why would you have been so
opinionated against my take unless you
actually did put significant stock of
the theory because though because your
approach to it was very stupid that was
my problem tireless my problem was that
you like your your your
of inquiry well has any president
colluded in the past no so it's highly
improbable that Trump did that line of
inquiry is a stupid way to approach that
problem that's why I was so against your
thing right if somebody else because
I've argued I'm having argued like
people thought it was unlikely I
somebody wouldn't tell me like I think
it's very unlikely that Trump colluded
yeah probably sure destiny my line of
inquiries 100% what are my prior beliefs
and what is the evidence that happened
but your prior beliefs being the idea
that like no president has like
committed conspiracy against united
states have passed I don't think is a
valid way of approaching this route but
we can we can agree or disagree like
well no I totally disagreed your take on
unlike how your line of inquiry went
like that wasn't my prior that was
absolutely part of your prior you out
well or would they be your post because
you use it to modify or whatever do you
want to talk on voice no not really but
we're never we're never going to agree
on this I mean if you wanted to I
dragged you in but there's like would
never agreeing on this but yeah yeah if
you want to go for it I'm in general
Lobby you should be able to see my yeah
what's up well yeah I didn't hear you
yeah so I guess so now I just wanted to
say so you know what's your technology
unlikely right didn't happen well now my
take would approach 0% because I've very
high faith in the social council yeah
cool
yeah without like you need a very grand
conspiracy sure right so now all I'm
saying is that now that like it's
happened it's good practice on both
sides to kind of like go back and be
like okay why did I think what I did at
the time and that's because all of all
priors are wrong right all priors are
wrong but some are useful if that's the
thing okay and so do you accuse like my
prior of being some like really flimsy
idea of like Oh Trump has never fluid
with Russia before no my prior was
guided by probably two things one is
just the complexity of that office
anytime you have like a small set of
points it's very easy to fit like a
super complex hypothesis to those data
points your bias should be towards
simpler explanations and all of the
evidence had much simpler explanations
at the time there was I mean even any
real evidence I really think that you
have a horrible head for like post hoc
rationalization so I'm trying my best
for this conversation but like the fact
that man afford himself like had already
engaged and like embezzlement crimes and
everything like prior to this related to
foreign agents I feel like makes like a
simple explanation involving him like
pretty probable but you know you haven't
even established that they're actually
I'm talking simple explanation like why
would the Trump why would Russia even
need that sort of incentive to actually
engage these activities try to study the
incentive Trump Trump was such an
unlikely candidate to win the idea that
like this the seeds for this would be
placed so far back I never I never made
the call hold on firstly I'm sorry if I
said this then you can go ahead and [ __ ]
all over me I'm not one of the people
that said that like Trump has been like
a plant from like 2013 or some [ __ ] that
was crazy conspiracy that was a dossier
right did the dossier specific well so
like well well hold on wasn't the
dossier more along the ideas that like
there were that there might have been
like come what is it called comprar
moderate ever Russians call it that they
might have gathered something that could
compromise Trump a long time ago and
that maybe they would just use it now
no the da a yes but also the dossier did
take the stance or did make the case
that this was like a long conspiracy
theory that it was one of those things
so no no no no no I am and we never I
have ok other people might have but like
the idea that like Trump is like oh
they're so good for anybody who used a
dossier to justify their conspiracy
theory basically can we [ __ ] on them
because they were peddling that nonsense
I don't know a lot of the stuff from the
dossier like ended up panning out to be
like ass not true at all no no not the
information ended up being patent ended
up being panned out what didn't you have
the issue Asia the issues with like like
for instance I want to say wasn't it
Coen originally that was like one of the
first people have indicated that he was
never in
State but then it turned out that he had
a second passport and that it was likely
or at least probable that he had gone
it's interesting you say that because
this is why I care about this issue so
much because I'm like pretty genuinely
disgusted and I know that doesn't mean
anything to anybody else but like by the
way that people have been what I see is
manipulated by the media because what
you said is false no Cohen was never in
Prague that was like one of the most
central claims to the dossier and a fact
was probably the single most important
one because it was a one claim that
actually had like a specific accusation
yeah that had a specific time his first
thing yeah I don't I don't think that
the passport was ever 100% concluded I
think that the the reporting on it was
that it would have been possible for him
to travel to it I don't think the media
ever specifically said he was in Prague
I think it was more than like a second
passport revealed that he was in an area
where he could have taken a train to
Prague that theoretical but I was never
actually like panned out or proven or
whatever nobody approved that it was
never proven and actually in fact the
media did lawfare blog specifically did
actually say that they had evidence from
a quote-unquote secret source that Cowan
was in Prague who reported that um
Benjamin which slot lawfare blog that
was a pretty big that was a pretty big
deal I think was picked up it wasn't
validated by anybody yeah no no I I feel
like I remember that coming out but
nobody else reported on it so I don't
think there alone there have been like
two or three different like bombshell
claims I wish I could remember the other
there was one of the really big one that
came out that like some random [ __ ]
blog reported on and their source was
like two operatives in the FBI that
nobody else picked up on and if like CNN
or other people are like [ __ ] or whatever
aren't like picking up on those things I
usually think they're probably [ __ ]
sorry that was McClatchy McClatchy and
McClatchy isn't like just a random blog
and it it was picked up by the media but
the media was reporting on their claims
so they should like CNN reported out but
they didn't claim to Like Valley ate it
but it was still a huge bombshell even
then and oh yeah that BuzzFeed BuzzFeed
news ended up making a report and that
ended up being their sources were like
two or three like undercover people but
that was never corroborated by any other
major media outlet I wish I remember
with the bus we start going on but
Moeller came out and like directly I
think that was when Moeller published
something publicly and specifically said
like BuzzFeed is incorrect and they're
reporting which was really right yeah
that one was the accusation that
Koen was gonna give evidence that Trump
directly directed him to lie yes I mean
oh yeah yeah yeah and I think BuzzFeed
starts but that was like two or three
like undercover or or two or three like
embedded agents or some [ __ ] that I'm
not being cooperative anyone yeah yeah
so it feels like I'm going hard on the
numbers and it's not just the numbers
it's the general confidence level but
even more broadly the reason why is
because I feel like the media misled
frankly people like you but obviously
other people even worse because there's
such like a heat the media dropped the
ball so freaking hard on the story with
all like we could talk all day about
about stories and media got wrong but
going back to what I was talking about
before about my general prior belief on
how this being very unlikely and I was
like it's very easy to take a set of
data points and fit like a super
complicated hypothesis to that and yeah
especially with somebody because your
point initially was it like Trump is
like a huge this is what part of the
reasons why I don't like it like going
back this is why I don't like the idea
of going back like 20 years to financial
crimes because somebody that like is
this big a business person is Trump
probably like you could probably pin him
on certain crimes related to almost
every country on the planet right I
imagine wherever there's like Trump
buildings or whatever sure yeah I mean
given the given that the Malheur
investigation was going on for so long
that I thought that that's what would
have happened honestly I was I was
expecting Trump to get trouble for this
and to be fair like they did dig up the
a lot of other people man afford car
like related hornstock payoffs and such
well I'll give you like another example
of why I was so confident but also so
frustrated the Washington Post
obviously very aggressively pursued the
dossier allegation that Cohen was in
Prague
right and they sent fleets of reporters
to Prague and they spent like by their
account months and months trying to like
validate this they said they went to
every single hotel and hostel in Prague
trying to track down Cohen mm-hmm and it
came up with absolutely nothing now did
they report on the fact that they tried
to validate this and they and they
didn't find anything no they didn't
report on it in fact the only reason we
ever had learned about it was because
their editor just like casually
mentioned it in a podcast they tried to
so we're talking about the public record
there are there are all these data
points out there that quote-unquote look
suspicious but the media chooses not to
publish these other data points of hey
here's the most clear accusation in the
dossier we tried to we tried to find
evidence for if we couldn't find
evidence but they don't make that a
story they just say oh we couldn't find
evidence for that
so we won't talk about it and that that
really poisons the well in terms of the
public evidence you can use even justify
you're sure I kind of agree I mean I
kind of agree they probably should have
published it anyway although I I imagine
that they publish a story like that
almost nobody will read it anyway it
would be like Incred exactly I think I
think that's where I where I was when we
started talking about it was I thought
that it wasn't a conspiracy theory I
thought you know the media that there's
a capitalist game they need cliques
they need people to watch their shows so
that's kind of why the narrative became
so big but at the same part that's why
you giving me the you give me the
anti-capitalist take that for-profit
media is probably not a healthy thing
for oh I mean it depends on the
for-profit I mean I think I think
there's some value in it I mean I think
that's probably the one take I would
have that other people don't have is
that how people how interested would
people be in anything if it didn't if
there weren't at least some of it so
it's gotta be some of it but I think
there is a case to be made that
especially in this instance what I saw
happening was I saw the media basically
preying on people's biases and they
wanted to happen and even though there
was no evidence the media basically
drummed up the expectation so much that
it's actually been hilarious watching
them try to like say oh let's let's
manage our expectations for the Moller
report because it might not be that much
of a bomb show the only reason people
expected it'd be such a huge bombshell
is because of the way the media hype
absolutely everything sure I mean like
the media does this around like
literally every single event though
right I mean we're kind of like always
in the we're kind of like always in like
the hype zone for literally every [ __ ]
story that has ever come out but I mean
like yeah I mean I guess I can agree
that it's probably some level of
irresponsibility but I mean holy [ __ ]
like Trump didn't do himself any favors
it's like he constantly [ __ ] himself
over and over and over again like you
have to admit or maybe you won't I don't
know that like the optics on almost
everything Trump does always ends up
looking like as horrible as it [ __ ]
can be like holy [ __ ] yeah the optics on
what he does are definitely like almost
like almost like he sets out like ten
paths and we'll pick the worst possible
way forward to look as guilty as
possible like he does this like
consistently so I mean like I would
argue that some responsibility probably
Falls to him as well for like not doing
like his part and improving a
presentable person you know
I mean I think yeah I think he probably
does bear some responsibility but I
think there was also even cases of stuff
in the dossier that was just like
flat-out wrong and we have it the
dossier wasn't the meat like there was
like a month-long period we're like the
dossier was like it first of all I'm
pretty sure that a lot of the claims of
the dossier were valid I have to find
like a list I know that a lot of like
the bombshell once weren't like we're
probably never getting pissed tapes or
whatever right but um the but like a lot
of the reporting was done on like other
stuff related to like [ __ ] what was the
huge one that had to do with like the
like the big Trump like tax [ __ ] that
nobody even ended up caring about I
don't even remember it was like a huge
story for like all 12 hours and then
nobody gave a [ __ ] about it I mean there
was a lot of stuff that was a part of
the media that was accurate but I guess
maybe the overall narrative that was
spun with the luminosity wasn't it was
not accurate like Carter like carter
page traveling abroad but that was like
public information by the time the media
came out so there was no real non-public
information that they got right and the
dossier also got some stuff
quote-unquote right that wasn't like
really right for example the dossier
alleged that the Kremlin offered Trump
like super sweetheart real estate deals
as part of like their long-term main and
then real quick I have to because if
you're gonna be insanely in on
everything so the dossier didn't
actually allege anything these were just
reporting what third party what third
parties have stated right the dossier
didn't necessarily make these
allegations they're just being very
clear on that but go ahead
okay sure this is a yeah some of the
stuff reporting that I said sure go yeah
that's fine but so then something else
comes along like okay the Trump aide
sent like emails to like low-level like
Putin secretaries for Trump Tower mm-hm
and everybody in the media cheer leaves
that as oh look the dossier got
something right when in reality the
correct take was will hold on
if the dossier sources were so well
placed in high-level how come the
dossier didn't specifically identify
this deal because that would have
actually been an example of non-public
information that share well the DA the
dossier was a collection of like dozens
of sources right like some of it had
been corroborated by mobile some of it
not at all some of it was like highly
suspect and some of it was pretty
confident like the dossier was not just
like a single so well there was one guy
that worked on the majority of her right
the the Christopher steel or whatever I
remember his first name was but like the
the sources for that dossier were like
there were a lot of different people
that like they'd collected information
from
yeah and that's even work a sketch here
because the first time we talked about
it even we didn't know the time that the
dossier was opera research funded by
Clinton in the DNC we didn't even know
that that was like a pretty massive
revelation sure but there are other like
just flat-out wrong claims the dossier
and this one was like really rubs me the
wrong way I'm for example the dossier
alleges alleged that cohan's wife had
some like background from some like from
some village in Russia right and ended
up just being like totally when I person
incorrect but BuzzFeed actually added
that that out of the dossier before they
published it way I need to say wait I
need to see proof of that
you're saying that BuzzFeed edited the
dossier before they published it I
thought they published it in its whole
no they redacted some things and one of
the things that they were redacted was
like a materially false like factually
incorrect claim so part of it they can
say oh well it was obviously wrong so
we're trying to like protect them but on
the other hand is kind of like will they
make it look better
by editing out things that are just
materially and factually incorrect right
but I'll try to find that I'll find that
edit me find there
Clinton didn't staff the dossier my
understanding was that it was initially
Republican funded and then they dropped
it once it became clear that Trump was
gonna be the nominee or something and
then they moved and then eventually the
Democrats picked up on it or I think the
Clinton team picked up on it that was my
understand I don't know how much was
funded by each side but destiny or maybe
they don't want to platform obviously
false information no if they're
publishing the dossier that you don't
know is confirmed you shouldn't be
editorializing it that's really really
really irresponsible destiny wrong the
Clinton campaign hired a law firm who
faked picked about Wilden that's the
same thing come on dude
yeah so basically this was on section 4
of the dossier the dossier claimed that
Cohen had a wife of Russian origin whose
father was a leading Moscow property
developer and in the unredacted ver in
the redacted version that BuzzFeed
released on January 10th 2017 they
blocked out that statement so this is
just an example like yeah also you're
really on the Stasi a thing I haven't
heard people talking about that for like
a for quite a long time unless maybe I'm
just not listening to the RET news
sources but well the dossier basically
justified the investigation if there's
no dossier there's no investigation and
to add to that part of my frustration I
don't necessarily true I'm pretty sure
that this [ __ ] I have to go back and
like I'm pretty sure what you just said
some harbors are false cladding that was
Nunez his claim but when they went to
the FISA courts to authorize the the
wiretapping everything else did I don't
think they I don't think they could just
source the dossier I'm almost positive
they had to have other information that
granted them the warrants from those
FISA courts
um in congressional testimony I don't
member who said this but the statement
was they might or might may not have
gotten the FISA warrant without the
dossier as evidence sure that's like the
whole molar investigation was not just
on the dossier like that might have
caused like one or two warrants with all
the subsequent warrants were obtained
because of other information that the
initial price of warrants that had
revealed they did that whole molar
investigation was not done off the back
of that dossier Moeller debriefed
Christopher Steele the dossier was the
roadmap for the rush of collusion
narrative for in terms of the
investigation I mean sure but the two
years it's to hold on but specifically
what I'm saying the two year
investigation that molar did did not all
hinge on dossier do you agree that I do
discard you literally think the dossier
itself was what filled all two years
worth of FISA warrants and subpoenas and
all of that that they were I mean
basically it was part of it like you can
say oh if it weren't part of it they
still would have gotten the FISA warrant
but in reality they did use it not only
sure they did but like for like the
initial stuff that's like saying
well never in Saigon but that not only
did they use it but they also like
double-dipped on it the the dossier the
FISA warrant included a yahoo news
report written by Michael Isikoff and in
in the Yahoo report the FBI claimed that
that wasn't sourced by Christopher
Steele and it actually was so they broke
a cardinal rule of sourcing on top of
actually using the dossier itself and a
FISA Court so for me that like that
actually makes me angry at the idea of
unverified oppler research being used
and like a secret Surveillance Court but
there must have been something else to
it like you you can't just like take
like an unverified report and then go to
like a FISA Court and be like hey I
definitely know possibly there's no way
getting those warrants is supposed to be
like pretty tough
well I supposed to be but in this case
it apparently wasn't Carter page he how
can I say that it apparently wasn't how
do you know that I know that because
they used Clinton Oppo research in their
court filings and they may not have
gotten him what are you saying that just
because it's Papo research that means
it's bad okay so the fact that it's Oppo
research has implications for its
credibility
do you agree yeah but that's up to a
federal judge look at Herman whether or
not they can issue one just because
Apple research doesn't they factors make
it bad so interesting it's up to the
judge
so that you realize the FBI did not
disclose that it was Oppo research to
the judge
maybe it wasn't relevant I'm not sure
but you just told me it was relevant oh
I get it
you're the ones I literally I just said
it wasn't relevant I said the fact that
something is Oppo research doesn't
necessarily make it bad that's possible
yeah she's go back let's clarify here so
this started because you asked me why it
matters I said it matters because it
undermines its credibility you agreed
Paul on Holland cuz I don't remember all
the specifics so people are saying that
what you're saying is not true that the
FBI did specifically acknowledge that it
was opposition research when they when
they filed for this price award I hooked
me up with a source voice and in a
footnote they claimed that it was like
politically motivated but they did not
disclose that it was opposition research
paid for by Clinton or the DNC that the
people in her trial are just 1 million
percent wrong in that well okay well
hook me up hook me up with them sources
boys let's see it yeah I'm telling you
I'm right about everything
okay and also people I say hold on real
quick people are saying that FISA courts
are rubber stamping courts they're not
hard to get warrants from so my
understanding is that this claim comes
from the fact that FISA Court FISA
warrants are approved at an astoundingly
high rate it's like 95 plus percent or
something however what might what [ __ ] I
wish I could remember the some [ __ ]
legal blog or whatever the reason why
the approval rate on those is supposed
to be so high from what I've heard
explained is because they're so
difficult to get prosecutors usually
work very closely with the court to make
sure that they have everything aligned
so that if they go to a FISA Court they
know what's going to get approved that's
the reason why the approval rate is so
high unless price of warrants it's
because they work so closely with the
courts make sure they have all their
ducks in a row before they go and they
ask for a warrant that it's not just
like these go with any [ __ ] random
thing like okay by swearing like oh yeah
but it's more than like if we want a
fysop warrant it's gonna be real [ __ ]
tough so we need to make sure we have
our [ __ ] in line before we get approved
for that warrant is what you're correct
but if you have bad faith actors in
those FBI positions who are politically
motivated then that's when that whole
entire system falls apart and in this
case I think it did I don't blame the
FISA Court or when all a set is done I
don't think it will be the fault of the
FISA Court I think it will be the fault
of the FBI and of the DOJ officials who
who decided not to disclose that this
was DNC Oppo research and who used this
unverified info why wouldn't they have
already gotten in trouble for it then if
that if what you're saying is true I
think they're going to be but I think
that Moeller because the Moller like
literally just handed in his report
today I think we're gonna have two point
oh and 2.0 is gonna be the FISA Court is
gonna come down hopefully hard on the
people who did this okay
give me give me like gimme [ __ ] five
minutes to see how much of what you're
saying is true or not and then we can
very convenient about it here so yeah so
why number one thing is did all of this
investigation literally start purely
100% based on the dossier and then did
the FBI lie about the source of that
dossier
when they went to the to the I think I
support the fact that
Moeller used a dossier and actually
traveled abroad and debriefed
Christopher steel I mean that III don't
know how I would expect him to be I mean
wait because there's a difference
between saying that like the dossier was
investigated versus the entire
investigation hinged on the dossier
but if it didn't then what are they what
do they do the investigation off of my
cool well like supposedly they were
investigating like Papadopoulos before
the [ __ ] dossier [ __ ] was like even
public right um my understanding is that
they received a dossier before it just
dropped on well when BuzzFeed BuzzFeed
published it other news outlets
I think seen and included had already
been holding on to like forget a year
but nobody knows for longer than that
sure so the FBI quote-unquote oh yeah we
started because of Papadopoulos but in
reality it's a much fuzzier timeline
there and it's okay okay well let's try
mean okay I'll just I'm reading okay I'm
reading okay okay
okay specifically one more thing well
nothing yeah the claim that the fact
that advice in the FISA application it
wasn't disclosed that this was Hillary
Clinton Appa research you should fact
check that for me because that's a big
deal and that's one of them sure
although I'm starting to wonder now if
we're gonna come in to different
conclusion of this because like for
instance if I see that the FBI footnotes
it would like a lot of this research
might be politically motivated that's
enough for me but you're probably gonna
say is so ridiculous I can't believe you
actually believe that man really I mean
like well what else are you supposed to
think of you say politically motivated
but you said you know do you think you
needed to like explode least eight okay
well I mean I guess we'll see I guess
explicitly what it says but I mean like
that seems like pretty clear to me and I
feel like a judge would ask about that
like they're not just gonna see like
politically motivated and not have any
questions but well I'll give you next
explanation for why it is a big deal
Hillary Clinton her campaign have
massive influence and reach with sources
all over the world so hold on we're not
going deep state are we oh no we're
sticking with oppose see I have fax on
my side so I don't like speculate I just
talk about what we know okay sure okay
no is that Christopher steel receives
unsolicited intelligence from Hillary
Clinton like from people in the Hillary
Clinton camp
Christopher steel received info from Sid
Blumenthal so the fact that this is like
opera research is important because
Hillary Clinton can tell her henchmen
hey go and feed info to Christopher
steel and Christopher steel is gonna
fuse the FBI now I'm asking us do you
have any evidence whatsoever that
Hillary like directed people to feed bad
info to Christopher steel because this
is bordering on deep steak you know
when I would out what I have is that
Christopher steel received unsolicited
intelligence from sources who obviously
knew that this was an opera research
okay but like aren't you playing the
same game that you said that we were
playing with Trump I mean like Hillary
Clinton's political like affiliations
have to go like literally globally like
I'm sure that in the purview and she's
friends with Donald Trump like isn't it
more likely to assume that people that
have worked with or are working with
Hillary Clinton could also just be
passing along in foot of Steel and that
that's just a thing that could
reasonably happen the same way that how
do they learn that he was doing this how
how did they learn that he had said
Blumenthal know that crystals use
Christopher steel was investigating this
if I don't know maybe maybe the Clinton
campaign that has something that has
discussed it internally quite a bit
maybe Christopher steel I mean I was
like yeah but no you're totally right
though that I'm saying that's a problem
so Hillary pays Christopher steel to do
his research and the house has
conversations oh hey we're doing this
info or we're doing this opera research
on Russia so said Blumenthal kicks
unsolicited intelligence unverified by
the way intelligence to crisper seal and
the Christopher still brings it to the
FBI now that's that I think it I think
that's what that's what I okay sure I
understand what you're saying but like I
just want to say that like this
conversation started off with you being
highly critical of people tying together
a whole bunch of individual factoids to
draw a grand narrative about Trump and
now you're almost giving me like you and
on stuff of while Hillary had some
people in her campaign intentionally
feed false information to Christopher
steel so that he could take it back to
the FBI and get a [ __ ] fight
somewhere like I mean like we're it
seems like it's some of that some of
that is already a public record like a
they did use and a lot of the Trump
factoids I'm public record unless I'm
not speculating about that that's when I
person true that's direct evidence of my
claim be Christopher Steele in his
deposition swore under oath and his
actual like court said he received
unsolicited intelligence I'm sure I'm
sure that anybody calling him and saying
here I have this rumor for you
sure Freccia was collecting those rumors
in the dossier okay but again do you see
how you're installing a narrative over
this like I'm sure that like for
somebody as big as Trump right I'm sure
that anybody collecting info on him is
going to get some level of like on
solicit information if people know that
you're doing an investigation I mean
like what you're doing is pretty I don't
I don't know there's a million all right
so me saying that Sid Blumenthal knew
about the investigation because this was
oppler research okay I'm very confident
saying that and I'm sure and that well
sure but the immune well no I would I
disagree I think you're engaging in
pretty speculative behavior let's get
specific
let's go clan bike what can I actually I
want to see right now how much is that I
just want to read like these two
articles okay real quick can I do that
okay okay all right okay fact-check of
the day this is from the New York Times
Trump again falsely claims Russia
investigations started with the steal
dossier the president and his press
secretary repeated the false claim that
the findings of a former British spy
prompted the inquiry a congressional
report found it began with a diplomats
tip about a Trump political adviser
okay Sarah Huckabee Sanders White House
press secretary and he's he's Mormon
okay so basically Trump saying that or
here I'll just read this program so we
now find that it was indeed the
unverified and fake dirty dossier that
was paid for by crooked Hillary Clinton
the DNC that was knowingly and foster
submitted to FISA and which was
responsible for setting that totally
conflicted and discredited Moeller
witch-hunt and the New York Times says
false mr. Trump and miss Sanders
repeated a false claim the president
made in May when he said the FBI began
investigating possible in between his
presidential campaign and the Russia
election interference based on a dossier
compiled by Christopher Steele a former
British spy the New York Times has
reported and Republicans who hold the
majority vote in the house until it's
when you have concluded about the the
investigation began in July 2016 I was
prompted by the actions of George
papadopolis a foreign policy adviser to
the Trump campaign mr. papadopolis told
an Australian diplomat in May 2016 that
Russia had political dirt on Hillary
Clinton the Democratic presidential
candidate Australian officials then
alerted their American counterparts to
the conversation with mr. Papadopoulos
the information provided mr. Steele did
not reach FBI officials who were
investigating mr. Trump's campaign until
mid-september of 2016 on Monday mr.
Trump also liked the steel dossier to
surveillance of Carter page another
former Trump campaign advisor the
Department of Justice obtained a warrant
to wiretap mr. Page in October of 2016
after he had already left the campaign
in the Russia investigation had already
begun the wiretap application did cite
claims to the dossier
according to previously top-secret
documents released by the Trump
administration on Saturday but the
application also cited other information
additionally mr. Trump said the steal
dossier filled the Special Counsel
investigation led by Robert esmolol
but Mr Muller was appointed in May of
2017 to oversee the investigation after
mr. Trump fired the FBI director James
Comey that happened one year after mr.
Papadopoulos his disclosure to the
Australian diplomat in almost a year
after the FBI investigation into Russian
election interference so I don't believe
that you can cite the same information
multiple times to a FISA Court so if
Robert Moeller wasn't hired until May of
2017 they must have taken new
information to those FISA courts in
order to get continued warrants or
surveillance or subpoena
right I'm sorry the last part I was my
stuff there last was so almost a year
after the show VIP investigation
originally right so if Robert molar was
hired in the middle of 2017 in May of
2017 he must have had new information
that you took to the FISA courts in
order to get warrants he can't continue
to use the same dossier they got more
and more and more warrants like
Christopher still have multiple memos
and the person so there are other
dossier years in your article yeah the
dossier isn't just one memo the dossiers
a collection of like over a dozen memos
so the idea that yes Christian this
wasn't a one-time thing that it was like
the dossier the dossier oh wait wait so
you're saying that when people are
saying that other information was cited
to get these warrants you're saying that
Moeller is clipping different paragraphs
out of the same dossier and then taking
it to the FISA Court or no what I'm
saying is a dossier was it was created
over time yeah but hold on wait but the
DA statements includes new and ponents
way today Holland my understand Hall is
a very important way this is really
important at the time it is important
that's why I'm trying to clarify a sure
I am this was happening there wasn't a
dossier
Christopher steel was creating memos
over time and the dossier which came
later was a collection of those memos
yes but the dossier in its entirety was
like finished by like 2016 wasn't it I
was not aware that he was continuing to
add to the dossier past 2016 that
whatever was not some memos were it past
26 whatever was so my understanding is
that whatever was published by BuzzFeed
that that in its entirety had already
been held onto for several months by
other media outlets so there wasn't like
new information that dossier that other
people had already had that entirety
that that memo that collection was its
entirety but they didn't publish it
because they couldn't verify any the
information that's my understanding of
it this idea that like new memos are
being added and they're just a new bull
shipment this seems fantastical because
you're basically saying or maybe you're
not but it sounds like you're saying
that basically when Robert Moeller was
appointed in May of 2017 he basically
took a couple extra memos added on to a
dossier that I guess by your admission
is largely uncredited went to a FISA
Court and then was able to get continued
surveillance and subpoenas that sounds
highly improbable to me so there's two
separate things here there is the FBI
investigation was started in 2016
then there's the FISA Court applications
which extended in 2017 okay in 2016
there was real time laundering for black
a better term of intelligence from
Christopher Shields paid Kremlin's
horses and Sid Blumenthal and all else
to the DOJ through Nelly and Bruce or
and to the FBI the FBI had Christopher
steel on board as an actual CI the FBI
was like paying Christopher steel that
happened over time so when I say that
like that was that relationship was
extremely foundational in the
investigation like you there's no
getting around I don't I don't deny that
I don't know if you're not understanding
me or if we're talking past each other
I'm not saying it like the decimal hold
on I'm not saying that the dossier might
not have been an important starting
place for things but my claims there are
two claims one it wasn't only the
dossier or only the relationship with
Christopher steel one and that to the
continued investigation especially by
Robert Moeller had nothing to do with
the dossier they had to uncover more
evidence of wrongdoing or more crimes
had to been uncovered for them to
continue to get warrants and to continue
these surveillance well you're
objectively wrong about one of the
things which central counsel obviously
had a lot to do with the dossier
considering that they went abroad and
debriefed Christopher steel immediately
so obviously the dossier was important
to their investigation that's what you
just said was not that's not logically
true what you just said was it Islam no
it's not it was important in the
investigation let me give you a let me
spin a story for you for how what you
just said is not logic consistent the
dossier could have started some
investigation that uncovered multiple
other pieces of evidence and these
multiple pieces of evidence could have
led to Moeller getting more more like
actual like faces at things like stamp
by the [ __ ] court that doesn't mean
then that if he goes back and
investigates things related to the
dossier that this doesn't exist or that
the dossier was super important to
getting those warrants that's just
logically not true what you're saying
it's just not true
you said the DA see it had nothing to do
with the investigation no what I'm
saying is that what I'm saying is that
the Special Counsel doing their due
diligence on past reported stuff doesn't
mean that that past reported stuff is
like the central part of their
investigation and what I'm saying is
that what seems more likely as if the DA
C uncovered stuff and the purview of
their of the FBI investigation that was
turned over to Moeller and that they
used that to get more applications or
more more fights applications and that
they probably went back and checked the
dusty but that doesn't mean that the
dossier was central to the
investigation continuously VAX let's
take stock of the facts okay dossier a
it launched the media frenzy which was
actually we're not talking about the
media frenzy right why you keep moving
the goalposts we're just talking about
more to the post let me let me finish my
point the dossier started the media
frenzy which contributed absolutely to
pressure within the FBI to pursue this a
be Christopher Seale was an extremely
important part of the early stages of
the whole investigate when was the dusky
comment when did BuzzFeed published the
dossier I think January 10th 2017 okay
so then the FBI investigation had
already begun so right but what I'm
saying is at that time Christopher
Steele was that's that's why I'm taking
issue with you there's the dossier
that's just like one drop of a BuzzFeed
article the bigger the actual thing is
Christopher Steel's role in this and his
Oppo research
okay sure just trying to paint me this
narrative that like the media frenzy
behind the dossier is like pushing the
FBI for the FBI investigation was
already going on
and but I'm I'm bringing it all together
I'm pointing out how the dossier has an
extremely important role and absolutely
everything to do with the rush
investigation so for you to say it has
nothing to do with it it's just it's
just mind boggling for you to say that
now it's not saying it it doesn't know I
go through my list okay go for it
your narrative yeah was an extremely
important springboard diving board into
the entire Russia collusion narrative
that was like the birth of it you can't
deny that I'm not let me finish let me
finish be Christopher steel was
absolutely instrumental in feeding
information to the FBI but the FBI used
to justify their investigations as early
as 2016 so we have media we have the FBI
investigations see the dossier was
directly cited in FISA applications and
it wasn't disclosed as opposition
research paid for by a Hillary Clinton D
hold on wait can we wait you're saying
somebody like a few things I wait I just
want can you no no wait what can you
start appointing I want to write these
down hold on can you started pointing
again I'm sorry go back the beating okay
go ahead okay so the dossier was the
launch of the Russia collusion we'll
call it media frenzy or just like the
conspiracy theory that from then
out this was just a major theory that
the media convinced a lot of people I
think including you that there were
significant probability this happened
and the dossier was already done what we
said before but okay that's fine dossier
was like a Russian video okay go ahead
and then be well then keep going right
so yeah media I'd be Christopher Steele
was instrumental in the FBI is a really
investigation during 2016
Christopher Steele was a paid informant
by the FBI and in fact Christopher
Steele was fired by the FBI because he
did not disclose his contacts with the
media which is absolutely like
ridiculous to do if you're if you're in
a format you're trying to get in contact
with the media so they fired him because
he lied about that but then they kept
using his information from the DOJ and
from Brunelli work but B Steele was
extremely important in the early FBI
investigations into Russia C is
Christopher Steele's dossier was
specifically cited in the Feist
application and it wasn't disclosed as
opposition research paid for by Hillary
Clinton and it was in fact double dipped
because anything is for a Robert for
Robert molars investigation or for the
yeah that's point D that's point D that
I think you can acknowledge that this
was a build up over time of things right
so for me to say that like if
Christopher steel and that Oppo research
hadn't happened we wouldn't have this
whole investigation well I don't even
know if that's necessarily true well
like because the thing that you're
trying you're trying to make it less
keep let's keep going okay let's keep
going
point C is that it was used and they may
not have gotten the FISA warrant without
the dossier as evidence and that is in
congressional testimony so C is they
used the dossier it didn't disclose it
was Oppo research and they might not
have gotten the warrant if not for the
dossier and in fact they were denied a
warrant earlier when they didn't use the
dossier a warrant for Carter page was
denied before it was accepted and then
the D of course is that molar
quote-unquote and this is a media report
at the time back when the media was
still pretending like the dossier was
good I know now everybody's gonna
pretend like the dossier didn't matter
for the record I haven't heard people
talk about the dossier for like a
[ __ ] year but I mean
okay yeah okay so it was used
quote-unquote as a road map now that
line is very sticks out to me because I
was what the media said of the time but
what we do know factually is that
Christopher's at Robert molar
specifically flu agents out there to
debrief Christopher Steele so my overall
claim is that none of this would have
happened without the output research now
I'm Barry I feel justified in saying
that because of the very important role
it applied in ABC and D now was there
other evidence that that was used in
Part C to get the warrant sure did
Muller and not only use a dossier for
his investigation sure but I think if
the dossier or Christopher Steele had
never done this whole opera research
effort the narrative would never have
gotten to this point okay well are we I
don't know if we're talking about media
narratives or we're talking about the
actual investigatory process which both
well there are two very different
questions right because on one we're
trying to find out well do this
investigation happen from a legal point
of view because of the because of this
dossier and then the other is like what
is the media thing they're two totally
different conversation right I think I
think it's as strong as both I think
from both the legal and the media frenzy
point of view is that we never we
wouldn't be at this point without
Christopher Steele's research I think I
don't think anybody would I don't think
it's reasonable to dine that okay so I
don't do you I don't know if the exact
wording was released but so so in this
story the FBI disclosed to the court
that Steele was paid by people seeking
to discredit Trump but the FBI still
viewed Steele as credible they dealt
with the steel stuff in an extensive
footnote with bolded language bank said
the note didn't disclose that the
dossier was paid for by Democrats
because the document didn't use any
names or identities it called Trump
candidate 1 even after he was elected
president but the no did say the dossier
appeared to be funded by people seeking
to discredit Trump so you're saying that
this isn't good enough that they needed
to explicitly say that it was Democrat
opposition research that seems like a
really dumb point first of all so we can
move on to what we were just talking
about what but do come we have closure
on that so I'm saying that the road that
the dossier and by extension Christopher
Shields research was foundational to
this entire epoch so can we just have
closure on that oh sure okay so okay so
we can go into the separate okay
so you said that the dossier was the
launch of the Russia Callooh
frenzy foundational ok was foundational
it would have happened without it never
would have happened without Christopher
shields research so yeah as use even
though these initial investigations
started with Papadopoulos that had
nothing to do with the dossier that
Papadopoulos as things were passed on
from Australian intelligence to US
intelligence like you don't think that
counts at all or keep in mind
Papadopoulos was never even mentioned
until he was indicted by anybody who
talked about the Russian investigation
okay but the FBI was aware that it had
been referred to them in May of 2016
regardless whether them Rebbe was
talking about it so right so you have at
one point that they didn't even find
important enough to actually mention in
their correctional testimony
Papadopoulos was never mentioned at all
includes actually indicted if he was
that important why didn't nobody talk
about it but what they worked at this is
highly speculative I mean it's a it's a
speculative us saying oh yeah you're
right a B C and D sure the dossier was
extremely important to that but hey we
still have this Papadopoulos thing so
maybe this is still with unfolded
exactly the same now I acknowledge
either way we're being speculate because
I'm getting like conditional if
Christopher stills didn't happen then
you know they would have gotten this
point that's of course speculative you
can agree or disagree my point is a
dossier and Christopher shields research
was extremely important in all of this
extremely important I mean I don't
necessarily disagree but you're making
like that this you keep like kind of
like moving back and forth from these
two things so if you want to make the
statement that the dossier was an
important part of the beginning of the
investigation I'm not going to disagree
with that
but if you're trying to say that every
single part of the investigation hinged
on the dossier I am going to disagree
with that so what are the two no it my
claim was that we'd never would be at
this point without Christopher Steele's
research in the dossier okay hold on
yeah that's a I don't I don't understand
what you mean by that so do you think
that the dot so do you think that the
dossier was important to every part of
the investigation or do you think it was
just a springboard which way if you had
to go with one of those two things which
one would you go with well it depends on
what you mean every part of the
investigation well because you're making
it sound like that you're making it
sound like the does he okay there were
leads that were follow
that probably weren't directly related
to the dossier but I think the dossier
was relevant to the beginning the middle
and the end of the investigation so I
think I would say yes the entire
investigation it was relevant all the
way through ok what do you mean by
relevant um kind of like point ABEC and
you can't really talk about like a major
component of the Russian investigation
without the dossier being being there so
my contention is that we're gonn well
yeah because initially it sounded like
you were saying that the entire
investigation hinged on the dossier and
now you're saying that it might have
been used in parsing like my my idea is
that once molar once the special
constables founded that like everything
past that point was research that had
come from things related to the initial
research so the dossier wasn't the
reason why like molar didn't basically
come in I was like all right guys bring
up that dossier let's see what we can go
for it but all of the stuff that they
had discovered previously that was in
relation to that was that were the
sources that they were going off of from
that point I think what you described is
okay let me see the dossier let's follow
this I think a I think that absolutely
did happen but I don't think absolutely
everything tied back to that dossier
but another another major problem I have
this entire thing is like let's say okay
the dossier isn't that important the
dossier was just like wrong it was
misinformation what are the chances that
the dossier would be wrong about
everything it said but the collusion
theory is still being right like
wouldn't be pure coincidence
if the dossier just ended up being like
a huge load of [ __ ] but hey
coincidently there actually was this
conspiracy theory to collude how
unlikely is that to you
wait say that again what do you mean
yeah I'll say it again what are the
chances that the dossier was just a
steaming pile of [ __ ] that's totally
wrong okay but at the same time by
coincidence there actually was a
collusion conspiracy theory between the
Russian government I don't even know how
I could begin to evaluate something like
that like I have no idea but that's
that's a problem that's a problem I have
the problem I have with people saying oh
the dossier was never very important
it's because obviously they're saying
that because it's been basically well no
they're saying that because they're
moving like the reason why people are
saying that it's because you're giving
the noonas talking point that like
literally without like the [ __ ] Oppo
research
funded by Hillary Clinton we wouldn't be
talking about Avis which I still don't
think is necessarily accurate right
Paige was investigated since 2013 the
Papadopoulos stuff is referred to in
2016 like all of the extended warranty
ila fur to you the two steals research
role and a B C and D I think without
steals research and a B C and D I don't
think we were talking sure and you can
say that but your speculative like
you're totally speculating works of
course yes yes especially any knowledge
that definitely but I think I think
there's good reason to believe that but
you go back to my earlier point is that
why would people would be so quick to
say oh yeah the dossier is false but by
coincidence it was basically right like
there actually was a collusion
conspiracy theory even the dossier was
all wrong in my mind I don't know this
is a totally different question like
it's not it's not in my mind the truth
of the whole entire thing actually did
hinge on the dossier because like the
pure astronomical coincidence of the
dossier just like being a shot in the
dark of misinformation but by
coincidence there actually was this
grand conspiracy theory that seems like
the least likely of all even the way
you're loading your language is not like
this grand conspiracy where it doesn't
have to be well when you don't have to
be a grand conspiracy that somebody
approaches account okay so my
understanding what that most people were
pursuing I know I don't know about
crazies on Twitter but my understanding
is that what most people thought was
that the Trump campaign was contacted
with information from a Russian campaign
so I'm like hey we've got some dirt on
Hillary Clinton would you guys like to
use this as part of your campaign I
don't think that's necessarily a grand
conspiracy now there are other people
that were claiming to like trust like
the plan 2013 or something but okay is
what you said first is that your actual
like characterization of what the
collusion accusation has been over the
past years I I feel like it yeah because
because the in town oh because the
entire thing revolved the main talking
point from my awareness was all
revolving around that [ __ ] meeting in
that Tower that's where everybody said
that the Russian people showed up and
even though they talked about some child
whatever [ __ ] but they were really
offering was access to Hillary's emails
that's why the Moller investigation
talked about the Gusev her hacks of the
DNC everything - because I was the part
of the purview of their investigation
that they were basically say like oh
yeah
the Trump campaign was basically offered
emails and then there were even the
clips linked where Trump was saying like
oh well if you released her emails they
will be rewarded greatly for that that
was the main talking point that the
Trump campaign had been offered emails
or access the DNC information that was
to help them win the election that was
like the main talking point what was
what
in your opinion what is your main
talking point what did you think it was
but we don't have to speculate because I
took great effort in career the goal
posts at our first conversation did you
well technically we came here to discuss
the 40% number but go ahead write the
accusation was and this is what I asked
you I asked you specifically what do you
think the chances are that Trump or his
campaign colluded with Russians to hack
the DNC that was my question that was
when I went in though and that was the
accusation that the Trump campaign
colluded to hack the DNC mm-hmm that was
the accusation and now of course the
accusation to be something else but what
you were talking about the Trump Tower
meeting wasn't disclosed until 2018 I
think well after well well after the
Moller investigation had started that
certainly was wait what is the
difference between what you just sent it
what I just said because what you said
has nothing to do with the DNC hack wait
what did wait what do you think I said
hold on I'm sorry you said that your
your characterization of the collusion
narrative was that the Trump campaign
was willing to accept dirt on Hillary
Clinton yes that's not what the
collusion accusation was the collusion
accusation was that there was a quid pro
quo between the Trump campaign and or
Trump himself and the Kremlin in order
to hack the DNC and release those emails
that was the accusation and I took great
effort oh so the difference is the
direction of the Trump campaign to do it
versus them just being offered no did
they have anything to do with the DNC
hack that's the big thing
the DNC hack was the Kalu that was well
the understanding was that there would
be a quid pro crow that if the that if
Russia if the Kremlin had offered the
Trump campaign right access to these
emails if there would be some kind of
favor you know involved in doing this
that we're giving you this information
that we expect favorable treatment and a
lot of people speculated me included
that the the DNC are the the RNC
platform was changed for instance to
soften its language on Crimea in Ukraine
or whatever the stuff like that would've
been part of that's also that's also
another just flat-out false point by the
way what that he changed the platform to
soften the language how was that
flat-out false because it was act wasn't
actually the platform it was a proposed
amendment to the platform and all that
Trump changed was some wordage on the
amendment that included like arms
yeah so the specific warded yeah the
specific warded changed was basically
made it sound like the United States
wouldn't like militarily intervene or
provide like weapons or exactly the
people cried yeah that was that was that
was changed to a proposed amendment it
wasn't a change to the platform itself
right wait what is the difference
between these two things
oh please please please the difference
is Trump campaign comes on it says oh
hey our platform is too strong against
Russia
we need a week in it so we need to
change it to say this as said yes
without saying hey versus somebody else
saying hey we need to strengthen our
stance against Russia so do this and
then Trump campaign said okay fine great
let's just not bow military
contributions to Ukraine and then they
supported it so there's a very big
difference between those two I have no
idea hold on so okay so tell me stop me
when I'm wrong so my understanding was
that the RNC had a platform with
specific language related to how to deal
with like Ukraine and Crimea and that
the Trump campaign wanted to stop on the
language used towards Crimea in terms of
using okay so okay so which part of this
is wrong the platform originally didn't
include those it didn't include those
words there's somebody proposed an
amendment to add language on Russia and
you can't refrain so it was like our
platform doesn't currently go over this
so we're gonna propose an amendment to
do that now we're trumpet where the
Trump campaign came in was they changed
the word on the amendment and then when
there wasn't reference to military aid
to Ukraine then Trump campaign supported
it which strengthened which overall
strengthen the platform so it's more
accurate to say that Trump and his
campaign supported a adjustment to the
platform to strengthen their stance
against Russia but they also intervened
to weaken the to weaken the Edit a
little bit to not offer military aid to
Ukraine and I'll add to that the DNC
platform didn't promise military aid to
Ukraine this is this is like an
incredibly okay so hold on so you're
totally so you're saying so you're
saying that so you're saying that there
wasn't so they didn't change the
platform but rather there was a proposed
change to the platform and they made
that proposed change weaker than making
the platform weaker and then that
amendment passed and there's no
substantial difference between these two
things form yes because the platform was
stronger after the amendment the
platform went from weaker to stronger
but the proposed part was made weaker by
it was made but that's not the same
thing the platform was made stronger by
the amendment they made the amendment
weaker by not promising military aid but
the DNC platform also didn't promise
military we're not talking about the DNC
platform I why what about is it we don't
need to know we don't need to it's not
related to this we do need to because we
need to understand if his proposed
amendment was reasonable or if it was
motivated by some sort of quid pro quo
now this is not related is this not room
to me it's pretty reasonable this is not
no this is absolutely not related it is
it's absolutely not related there are
two totally different conversations it's
pretty reasonable to not promise
military aid against Russia it seems
like I could think of other reasons why
they would not want that to be in the
platform other than being part of some
quid pro quo Russia conspiracy
especially since the strength we're
talking about didn't even exist in the
DNC platform so it's not what about them
it's the idea okay I got I got no I
understand this is an insanely
disingenuous like it is so stupid this
is like saying no no okay so I'll read
the story so I understand your point
so my point initially was that Trump's
campaign softened the platform against
against Ukraine in the in the RNC place
but you're saying well they didn't
actually saw from the platform there was
an amendment that was pushed to make the
platform tougher and they softened to
that amendment that was gonna make it
tougher we're essentially saying the
same thing but you're being a little bit
more nuanced there's not a huge
difference between those visions because
if that if that proposed change I said
and we're gonna nuke Russia and I said
hey guys it's not nuke Russia let's take
out that part of the amendment your
statement would still apply your
characterization was still applied oh
hey they made it weaker didn't they well
yeah but the overall platform was
stronger after they supported that
amendment that made it stronger so and I
think the reason why it's important is
because I think a lot of people I'm not
sure if you knew maybe you knew and you
were intentionally being misleading
about what happened but I think a lot of
people in your chat didn't know that the
Trump campaign actually supported an
amendment that made the platform
stronger they took out one provision
about military aid to Ukraine that's not
the same thing as they like went and
just weakened the platform that's a
mischaracterization of what happened
okay I gotcha
you're responsible all right do you have
any final words for the chat because I'm
supposed to do other callers today
other callers I have like one more
point I wanted to make about the
reporting on this but it's can't really
think of it right now
okay so let me know so I can update my
priors on you okay yeah I mean I gave
you to go back and revisit your priors
no definitely all right I love you have
fun buddy pizza okay I mean I'll just
I'll read this article so 2016 RNC
delegate Trump director change to party
platform on Ukraine support president
Trump may been involved with a change to
the Republican Party campaign platform
last year that water down support for US
assistance to Ukraine according to new
information of somebody who was involved
Dianne Denman a Republican delegate who
supported arming US allies in Ukraine
has told people that Trump aide JD
Gordon said in the Republican convention
in 2016 the Trump Tower can support
weakening that position in the official
platform ultimately the softer position
was adopted denman is scheduled to meet
this week of the House and Senate
intelligence committees discuss what she
saw said to sources with the briefings
investigators in Congress and elsewhere
want to ask San Antonio area wanted to
ask a San Antonio area woman how her
about how her proposal spawn Ukraine
changed in the course of last year's
convention people familiar the story
described to the NPR Robert and Driscoll
a washington-based lawyer for Denman at
McGlinchey Stanford declined to comment
the revision to demonstrate and meant to
the Republican platform scaled back the
party's position on pro-western elements
in Ukraine from supporting supplying
weapons for fighters there to more
general assistance the issue is of
interest to investigators in Congress
and a team working for Justice
Department Special Counsel Robert Mullen
because the idea of arming Ukrainians in
the fight against pro-russian separatist
forces was staunchly opposed by the
Russian government and it seems Trump
campaign as well 10 minutes told people
she's like we're going above a lodge so
basically exhales knees point is that
like the the Ukraine position wasn't
softened but rather an amendment that
would have strengthened it was softened
to something that would have been
stronger than what it was initially but
not as strong as they wanted it to be
okay all right
holy [ __ ] yikes
[Music]
