banana Steve are we winning today is
that whatever you decided cuter oh wait
I might be nice no wait I need to play
ranked games why the [ __ ] are you
friends with this obnoxious
[ __ ] [ __ ] but they get the most at a
time he's trolling but holy [ __ ] what I
never queue with him again after one
game of this and how many times has he
been banned for being a toxic [ __ ]
like I can't finish videos with him in
it it's it's like listening to the human
incarnation of nails on a chalkboard
it's actually really hurtful Lilly I'm
just letting you know look comments
again every time I post a video with you
in it well maybe you shouldn't be
capitalizing then on my awesome
personality for your strings oh the star
you're just an accessory in my videos
I'm like the centerpiece in yours do you
understand the difference is he is so
goddamn toxic if I had a chance to play
with Lilly I would be so nice and
respectful I'm gonna be really nice and
respect I'm gonna be like if I'm a Lilly
viewer this is my chance to play with my
idol okay I'm so excited for this game
um Lilly I would defer to your judgment
because I know you're really good at
League because you played a lot of
really good people where do you want to
go okay with you is my support I think I
can crush any Lane really nice Dodge
there I'll keep her off of you I won't
let her hurt you don't worry really nice
shield there you kept me safe from all
the damage Lilly I was just so good was
another really good shield early you are
you feeling okay yeah I'm feeling a you
didn't get that okay because you just
weren't talking as much just let me know
if I'm like making you uncomfortable
saying anything you don't want me to say
okay yeah I'm just you know just
watching you play I don't want to really
interrupt you with my annoying
well I cena oh nothing you say will ever
be annoying to me okay I'm so nervous
playing with you I just miss that cannon
minion I feel so embarrassed
I'll walk back to lane with you in case
Lee sin comes I don't want him to
surprise you or something and gank you
okay thanks are you okay yeah I'm doing
great thanks for asking
alright just checking about cuz I
noticed you're not talking much you know
I just I actually just want to distract
you
I think with you by my side we can win
this to v3 for sure oh no but not a for
v3
there's a lot of people brought hold on
one second this [ __ ] [ __ ] has all
how is it KF getting out Rome buy a
[ __ ] locks are you [ __ ] kidding me
what kind of autistic [ __ ] [ __ ]
sorry I had to coffee me out of my mic
for a second here I don't wanna do
anything that makes you uncomfortable
okay so let me know if I'm ever doing
anything okay I want you to feel like
you can tell me anything I want you to
feel like you're more comfortable around
me than you're comfortable around
anything okay I can't believe these guys
are raging in-game do they know that the
legendary Lilly Picchu is in their game
okay good Reena what do you think the
outcome of the game is irrelevant as
long as I get to spend it laning with
you Lily like I can you do I'm gonna do
the song in this case I have the
opportunity to play with somebody that I
considered to be one of the best people
in the planet and one of the most
talented artists you laughs you laughs
you can stop now I think you can stop
because you don't want the photo shoot
stop who's singing oh we definitely
don't trust him to do anything he's just
probably was gonna die again actually
who is voting no there should be like
you should get permabanned for voting no
in certain situations because it's
clearly a troll okay I'm not saying if
you report the TFR intentionally fading
but let's talk about like something deep
and philosophical when you think do you
normally think in sentences or do you
just think in images and feelings I
think in sentences where it's like I
hear a voice in my head if you didn't
have any language let's say that you
were abandoned as a child or you grew up
in a forest or something with animals
assumption and you weren't able to talk
at all how would you think would you be
able to visually alright would you I
don't know would you be able to could
you imagine constructing a thought
without any kind of words or sentences
behind it I can't because I don't know
what it's like
it's freewill real or just an illusion I
don't know buddy what do you think real
why do you say that because of a
solution that's implying that feet and
destiny exist right yep and I don't
think I don't believe in that why not
there's something there's proof for it
you can literally say like oh my gosh it
was fake that we played leave together
like it couldn't be explained for
everything right also I just don't like
the way destiny because it reminds me of
you my next question well wait do you
want to talk about that more that's
actually like you're actually completely
and totally wrong there do you want to
talk about it not really sure you know
that every decision you make is
predicated on things that have happened
to you right yes yeah so if every
decision is influenced by things that
ever that have happened to you right in
your personal biology how could you ever
say that you've made a unique decision
that wasn't predicated on something
that's already happened can we get back
to you on this okay just think of it
this way if I were to ask you to make a
decision how could you make that
decision free of all previous influences
how could you draw an idea that doesn't
come from something that you've already
seen or alternative is saying like
everything is predetermined right
correct
so you think like whether or not I
choose to let's say like bash my head
against the wall or not right now is
predetermined okay let's say that I have
a let's say that I have a drop of water
and I drop that water from the sky and
it hits the ground if we could measure
everything perfectly do you think we
could 100% predict where that drop of
water will land if we could measure
everything perfectly yeah say we had a
tool of sufficient complexity okay let's
say that you would have put up well sure
but I'm saying obviously of sufficient
complexity we could theoretically
predict where that water is going to
fall because it's predetermined by the
can happen right no no because if you
drop the water that the laws of physics
will dictate where that water droplet
lands right
Simon yes raise your left paw if three
fingers is better to plant it and four
fingers what are you laughing at oh [ __ ]
okay no never good luck wait what how's
that guy certainly ocean
passive-aggressive we should talk to
anybody if I always [ __ ] talking
somebody you'd know it unlike you I
don't have to be passive-aggressive I'm
aggressive aggressive my poopy just mean
I wanna make sure this douche bag
doesn't offend you that's all right
pokey I cry every time I have to play
guys with Lily - I would like to say
that IRL you know like cuz when I read
them I read them in a certain voice and
I just like voice oh you know I sent you
a top-secret meme DM Lily okay
top secret hey can you try to keep up I
don't know why you're taking so long -
by at least 15 seconds at the beginning
of the game that's allocated for you to
purchase item self so there's really no
reason for you to be bugging behind this
much okay
okay is like your little legs in real
life don't make you move any slower in
league okay buddy we're all so mean what
happened to that game we play when
you're like nice for the first 20
minutes what's that dog this is champion
MA
there's more yeah
please tell me somebody's getting this
dog Co right I don't think Amy what are
we praying for me it was about how my
games you know you usually go grab a
kill it too early on go to Lane stop
Lane you know what you don't you play
about a diamond diamond three diamond to
the players are already pretty bad
players you know when I'm caring live
Lily though I think we're what does here
yellow around silver okay listen I don't
want to have to have a stressful but
Liam okay Steven maybe you should have
picked an easier champion no no no you
can you just be nice okay Wow what does
freezing the lane reason well that's
what your jungler know me to us be when
you get ganked min and die pokey wow
you're so knowledgeable on this
incredible video game thanks I try
really hard to be shut the [ __ ] up Lily
thank you obviously [ __ ]
why did you bathe me in a waste of my
flesh stop just stop hitting it creeps
stop talking pokey Oh pokey yes how are
you right connections can you get a big
head Draven and what is that skin not
available no it's not accepted people
like you really want if I got big head
Draven oh my god I can't even imagine
how happy it would make me okay okay
just keep it in mind if you come across
what's in it for me what do you what do
you want pokey all right what can you
possibly offer her that should have a
lot to offer a lot of 40 why don't you
let pokey decide well think just keep
keep it open okay
okay how many fingers - you flavor just
came okay how many what how many fingers
wait wait I know what friend group oh no
no no no bankers on a keyboard like do
you normally rest for Asda okay yeah I
figure it's pretty obvious looking at
UCCS it makes sense Oh up on my Leap
what do you mean looking at my CEA's
it's mid lane with no Meah I do
appreciate it you called it though right
sorry it's not your fault I was paying
attention to my incredible twitch chat
wait somebody said ignored [ __ ] that
flash hey hey don't question my finger
I'm just kidding it was a great effort
least I'm not getting carried by someone
else
yeah why would you make fun of a lily
when I've no fun making fun of you does
it really make sense soon as you cue
someone right that's what you say Joe
can you stop raging in normals just
please stop raging not raging okay can
you go ahead and just try to land the
cue on him I will there's no trying I
will make told you right here the tapes
like I do Christmas at Lily's she has a
dog me what nothing Lily do you plan on
getting a sightstone
just be honest with me god damn
now that was passive-aggressive honestly
do whatever works
Lily finish that [ __ ] glitch again
[ __ ] that [ __ ] just finished a let's
face now that saw that [ __ ] finish the
like click undo before you leave a
thought don't do it I can't believe you
let her bully you into items silly what
the [ __ ] not only it was just a
suggestion
you both oh just a question okay okie do
you plan on getting more kills than yes
yeah the Taliban sacrifice you to build
up what there's okay I'm feeling really
uncomfortable right now
why don't you tweeted it huh okay I
don't like to embarrass my friends like
that if you still this guy I swear to
God I wouldn't even cared that much
who is the Karma
why is karma farming on my lane who is
this person they're my friends I told
them to try to take as much CS from you
as possible do you think there was a
misunderstanding because it seems like
the only one missing CS here is you your
be very rude to poke you mean okay I'm
sorry I really appreciate I'm sorry
you'll have to go to my was really
really sorry right I read like 15 posts
on the red pill today on how to like
talk to ya so I'm like I'm trying really
really hard to not go overboard okay my
bad still okay I saved you from panty
and I zoned him with my knee I always
throw set you up for the kill anything
these kills are owed to me okay jeez I'm
doing all the heavy lifting here
unbelievable
let's just end this game right here just
end it just end the game just end my
life I'm pretty good thing about suicide
I pushes a ban worthy I'm gonna be
reporting that stream just a prank bro
Lily you are the lamp to Japan
smashing stomping thank you poking a
compliment from you means the world to
me
you mean the world to me you want the
hair off your face
I feel really nauseous right now
[Music]
