I mean it hi everybody welcome to gnomes
Thomson catacombs how are you guys doing
today
amazing oh great I'm doing great
are you doing great uh-huh what made it
great I was on a very exciting podcast
before hours earlier and now I get to do
dandy with my close friends and Lily Wow
Wow
Devyn - how are you I'm well thank you
I've been really busy but everything's
good where's everyone see mr. moon so
amazing hanging out how are you good
yeah where do you feel like a new man
now that you have this debonair funny
yeah it's cool it's work sound a lot
better I think like people just call me
Devin and then I don't have to spell my
my Alexia name actually like my
unintuitive to spell yeah I was very I
thought I actually thought that like it
would be like a huge problem and I'd
lose like everybody that like watched me
but it doesn't matter like they're
literally nothing changed go I need some
graphics done but other than that
everything's good I mean even you it was
kind of you they did it okay well
remember I had that big talk with you it
was like hey is this good idea and then
can you guys keep talking for a sec yeah
sure I didn't tell you about my donkey I
had this child name was Dominic I could
tell you guys what happened last episode
cuz we've been gone for two weeks what
happened last time did anything
interesting even happen it was pretty
[ __ ] boring yeah like that's up to
you did you never put nuts in combat
situations always just doing all this RP
and stuff I'm sorry no danger either
just like there's a couple of dragons
that live nearby
why don't we I like it I got two
fireballs ready could use on my own
party let's go yeah we got a dragon over
here we got a mist dragon down over here
and we got a gold dragon over here
worth encampments nearby you this this
area up here this is hilly area this is
all [ __ ] dwarves Steve you wanna go
get those dwarves no I'm not racist like
you are mr. Merton Steve I like your
light
Thanks can you tell me what your
thinking was behind it um I mean I like
contrasting lights in the background oh
wait
why is Steven Gerald spot now there you
go make a green just feel because he
said no wait I'll just switch cool you
can change do what now Michael your
camera and then we won't have to switch
anything no turn your camera off and on
and zoom as you wish aye-aye captain
what's my oh I have a little gnome
picture now you boys had a known picture
what does it say no no homo no all right
so you given what happened last time get
us to work get us up to speed captain
okay well we met a guy named Evan the
driver we decided to go to the town of
fortune and we met a bunch of nice
people there that were really nice to us
and and one of the people that was then
like Midori got whispered from her god
to kill this guy named Rupert thorne who
was like a high cleric so she's like
well how can I kill that person and then
everyone was mean especially to Gerald
in Fortune okay
everyone's always been the Gerald but
this is especially bad it was no nice to
you yeah you still I beg ya everybody
but Barbra was mean I tried to play the
bagpipes to make a song for people and
they weren't haven't they were very
upset so we decided to stay in town
overnight and we wanted to see what was
gonna happen even though we got told not
to and then we made a time
Hut and some people look for us I
couldn't find us and so we decided to go
outside even though we were told not to
and then we found a big bunch of group
of people who were gathered there and
then we found the high cleric that Lily
had to Midori wanted to kill and then
Locke got up there with a high quick
while they were delivering bodies into
this catacomb thing and then locked
followed him in and then in truth lock
fashion he killed the high cleric
instead of anything else there was
self-defense to be clear it was defense
he was casting miss Bellamy no no
[ __ ] way I'm gonna let that ship why
he said send in the gnome so we all went
in and then we met the sheriff of the
town and he said then Barba cut his
throat but he didn't die fast enough
apparently so we raised a zillion dead
people from the catacombs and then we
were in a fight that was really tough so
I threw a fireball at ourselves and we
somehow cut out after then again
fighting like a vampire then we read and
fled the city and we hired some
mercenaries and now we're fleeing the
city and we're outside of the city
fleeing the city and we and we said we
were gonna talk about what to do now
alright real quick I don't know if it
were far enough removed for me to ask
this what's about was like I gonna cast
on me I don't know I made his fence at
the time I don't remember where I put my
notes on the spell would you like but it
was like so I'm just random everybody I
just brought up all of the skeletons or
something I it was probably like a whole
person spell or something yeah you know
get you paralyzed and then tie you up or
you know knock you out or slit your
throat or something I think you know
we're looking for the the capture then
the kill that's the fact
alright so the party is fleeing in the
night you were in a wagon in a carriage
and you have Captain Faden and his three
mercenaries with you and you guys are
taken off it is dark on the night of the
full moon
and let's come into play here so in the
wagon the driver appears over shoulder
back at you guys and asks where are we
going I think it'd be best if we headed
back to Hillsboro do you think you're
safe this place Hillsboro or Clyde still
feels borough was fine wasn't it
that's like two days isn't it that's
gonna be a two-day journey yeah yeah a
little bit closer hey Devon it's about
half the distance oh we haven't been a
strong home where's the safest place to
go that's closest to here cuz that was
messed up remember with all the do to
stay up oh yeah
you didn't you did say that but this is
not a group of people that listens well
am i conscious I know we're sure I think
yeah you guys can all be conscious for
this discussion even though you're low
HP midori are you okay um I'm fine
thanks for asking I'm fine too thanks
for asking
I saw you were talking to Devon so I
assumed you were fine right I mean I'm
feeling kind of I'm feeling like I have
not much he'll but we got through it
what the power of friendship right hi
with the power of friendship midori you
almost got us all killed
Locke you almost got us in this we have
to stop killing everyone
we have to stop bickering amongst
ourselves and figure out what go I think
we should go to store mine I'm let's go
to the closest safest place then decide
on like a party leader and what we're
gonna do next let's go get at rest and
level of the song time has strong walls
and you'll be safe from outside harm but
this city has decayed since its former
glory days and if the streets are
somewhat dangerous copper Hill is much
stronger that has no walls no defenses
but the integrity of the town is still
intact no
burro's twice the distance let's go to
this Lucia the second one because that
we don't want to get like ganked in the
street after all this are there a lot of
dwarves in copper Hill what is it with
you and orbs just everything very dim go
I believe it's checking I met a dwarf
once you okay for nothing mentioning it
comes up every few minutes yeah it's
very afraid of dwarves alright no more
once not a dunce 90 was a dunce warrior
like you to have wow you know I'm scared
of the little guy alright so on our way
to copper hill let's roll for random
encounters because it is 50 some miles
that way
can we short rest for was two of us are
HP can we take a short rest like a tiny
Hut somewhere there any encounters
before your next long rest off a short
rest opportunity tonight so you could
still run into something in the plains
I'm ready for it I don't care we're
gonna die brawl it like 1 HP right no 25
HP I'm at 38
there's no encounter that day anyway
don't test him
yeah don't let's not let's not poke the
bear alright late the next morning maybe
early afternoon the next day you guys
arrived in copper Hill rest on the wagon
yes we're about two long against I think
you guys are about two long rest right
here though yes hey are we yes a level
okay well good okay you're not saying
we're about to and then like oh I wrote
print encounter now you're gonna die
when I could have just like rolled all
my head dies right I mean if you won't
run into an encounter three days into a
long rest
then you've taken three short rests so
you will have been at full HP anyway
right okay but we're not gonna like walk
into the city and get killed okay
I don't you might okay I want to roll my
head
and yet I'd like a short rest oh yeah I
will roll okay cool
people water hit ice lovely yep feel
good all right I'm ready to kill anyone
I see in the town okay let's arrive in
copper Hill in the middle of the day it
is a quaint little town maybe five
thousand people total there's a river
that you cross to get into it the
river's edge maybe a half mile out of
town or so the the town itself has
low-lying buildings mostly made of mud
brick with red clay tiles for the roof
there's a keep nearby that's been burned
throw me to then and yeah it's just a
quaint quiet little everyday ordinary
town like a summer day in and tide and
try not to kill anybody
I'd like a long rest at the end party
I'd like to rest my body feels weary can
I give a lily Becker sword I don't know
but I'm transferred yet enough her
name's Midori Locke I was talking out of
character to the DM that's chronic okay
we only speak in character sorry in
character Midori thank you for your
blade let me return this to you no okay
I'm glad you find some use out of it
your God is truly mighty victory her God
wasn't the one swinging the blade at the
end my God was the one who blessed the
blade that allows you to swing it in the
first place okay but I don't wanna I
don't wanna I don't want to fight right
now I selected this this has been too
much fighting lately and I'm not it's
not good for the heart
yeah even we can all be friends you find
me starlight and tavern and in in
tavern here in town and that is where
you can post up and chill for a while it
is three silver a day a person a day and
there are four of you I think we need to
fix our times for hiring our people
oh yeah yeah we definitely not you're
just 77 in my inventory that's not right
right I talked on yeah subtracted this
last time did not save I did not
subtract anything I don't think cuz I
have 30 fold so how much did I give up
last time 250 all of it how much should
we have to pay Neal 500 500 for two
months we're gonna get him the minds
working for us yeah we can kill him and
get it back going oh I have no money you
have no money I have silver for you
though we tell Fred your purse when you
were asleep yeah look through my purse
ain't not really where's my money
wait what about my money we need to pay
these people the rest that we owe them
so how much do you need
we gave 270 from Lilly how much are you
giving I'll give all my thirty golden
about 320 200 more so I have 150 but
that's everything I have all right I'll
put in I'll put in the final 200 them I
have a hundred eighty-nine so let me
help a little
it's okay job what's put one hundred you
give a hundred I give original I have
plenty of gold before okay hey sure I'm
sure
okay.thank he's rich Gerald he's been
hoarding it all I haven't been boarding
anything Gerald's the only reason we got
out of those catacombs alive though
that is true he's a mighty gnome
I'm sorry I ever mocked you Gerald for
throwing shitty spells you know you're a
truly mighty silver and 40 Cod happily I
have 189 silver carp I'd like to stay
the night and level up it'll take you a
week to level like the level
the innkeeper is 35 36 year old
gentleman fairly slim of figure but uh
quite tall maybe 6-3 6-4 he has got a
short beard a little bit of a mustache
going on with it
chocolate brown hair his name is Bradley
bad bone they're describing this and
then you said six four and I was like
huh never mind
no way
[Laughter]
hello Bradley bad bone my name is Brad
as well I'd like to stay a week and
you're in with me and my compadres
compadre long so you don't have a bone
to pick with me the only bone I get is
when I see you know the tavern wenches
Wow I got some tavern wenches for your
boys get over here any calls over is a
waitstaff his sons visit and stand
around wait captain Barbeau company for
you surely you're gonna have a
magnificent night tonight surely I will
me and the lads we're gonna play a poker
mr. um what was his name what was your
name barb Bradley Bradley how much is it
for the services of your men for tonight
was just joking these guys just wait
tables of course it's on their own time
it's all in jest of course of course of
course how much is it how much is it
going to be for seven for seven nights
worth of rooms for all four of us 84 or
silver do toyboy do we have to pay our
lackeys that we just paid to serve us
you have to pay for their [ __ ] they
got that Oh way better because we
subtracted 500 gold all right I
subtracted that huh you did hire them
blanketly so they are camping out just
outside of town they're not gonna stay
in the end with you you can come and
grab them whenever you want but they're
gonna have their own camp yeah um I'll
toss one goal then to grad 84 silver
thank you very much
wait how much is I thought 84 7 for
silver oh well then uh yeah I'll do that
excellent Simon I vote I got tagged on
locks cluck what's up Gerald um yeah we
have to like have a meeting right now we
can have a meeting but maybe we should
get upstairs and get acquainted with our
rooms I I need a level Joan okay I don't
know what he means by that he keeps
talking about Lonnie yeah I think it's
something about I need seven days of
solitude he leads you upstairs into a
series of rooms on either side of a
corridor and heads to the far back of it
gives you two rooms on the right one
room on the left in the far back room
and says uh this will give you guys
privacy for many other guests if you do
bring back them wages a man will be
bringing back many wenches my friend
just curious revenue mm-hm
how are you uh how are you with the
people of fortune what is your
relationship like with the people of
that city are you talking to me or him
we're both talking to Bradley oh well
it's my own ad really yeah Bradley
Bradley Bradley is my full name I go by
Brad it's crazy how many learned on this
journey that I couldn't care any less
about so badly I just got confused what
does your relationships like with people
of fortune
oh that's a dark place we I've never
been and yeah
oh it's safe now what are you not
entirely true
what do you mean we just went over there
and had a nice journey yeah will you
pacify the people seemed a little
interesting but we are probably all
pretty tired probably have to say some
real dumb [ __ ] if we keep talking so I
think we'd like to retire to our rooms
for the night thank you very much oh man
mm-hmm
he waves you away and you guys head to
your rooms you can gather in the far
back room it is the largest of all the
rooms and has a table of chairs around
it I think if you pull over one of the
like foot lockers at the end of the beds
you can get four table four chairs
around that table read the meeting
mm-hmm for your meeting I check the room
for windows and exits there is one there
are two windows at the back of the room
looking out down the in and then the
lefty all the other fruit walls have no
windows on them you tire of our company
already captain just looking around
making sure there's no traps about
mmm-hmm okay well we all gathered around
here to chitchat okay yeah like so we
got to talk about some things first of
all all right our current strategy of
what we're doing pretty weird it's
working we go into a place and then we
kill everything and now we've killed so
many things that we don't know what
we're doing anymore
so I think best ignition is going to
take us back to fortune I'm probably
gonna have to go back to that city and
find out who exactly we killed and what
exactly we have to go back we have to
call that city we can't we can't they're
gonna wants to attack a city we don't
have to attack the city I mean I'm not
every single person saw us there I don't
know
every single person sauce we're gonna
bring our nights and we will call that
city of the wretched people in there
captain Barbara we're not gonna call any
city it's not what we called to do right
now okay
wait realistically I only only a dozen
or so people saw us leave those
catacombs everyone else had retreated
from the entrance no there was a lot of
people who saw us enter and leave and
the nobles and the everybody we can't go
safely all we kept some we killed the
noble wait well there was like we
handled her there was like more and also
that city is like super I think we
should start talking to people around
like the city has a knowledgeable person
right and like who runs this city we
could ask some questions they'd know
more we also killed the sheriff so maybe
we could go back and make that city ours
are we in the events that's now running
empires captain Barba
probably seems like is your God okay
with what's happening there Medora is
she satisfied or does she want us to go
back and finish it off all of those evil
worshipers said that what are we doing
what like what are we actually doing
what do we need a philosopher's stone to
go with our helm of domination this
whispering so we want the stone yep
that's the goal what lock do you think
that's true I mean I believe that is
what we were searching for yeah and
maybe to find out more information about
all of these items in general the
vampiress that we release this crown of
domination and then find out why a
general tavington wants to use all of
these things so what he plans to use it
for so are we doing the right thing by
going back to fortune to figure that
should we not start here and talk to
some people and figure out what's next
yeah we can start talking to people here
first of course there's no reason to
rush back to fortune I be taking a
week-long rest yeah I feel like we'll
probably need to travel back there to
figure out something I think the people
that we killed were probably important
we probably go who exactly do we kill
what we need is stable leadership and I
have innate lock
yes I probably need in time
wait yeah why are you nominating Locke
why do i nominate Locke yes he obviously
is a know-it-all and I think that he'll
see this correctly okay
here's the things like I think I
shouldn't do it because I met a game you
shouldn't do it because you're crazy
I gotta get us all killed my door I
shouldn't do because you can't see CBA
and then yeah let's see ya can't be
asked it doesn't go [ __ ] and then Midori
cares No why are you being so rude
not if I nominate Midori to lead us I
think we need a strong female leader in
one of Kaiba's worlds do you care about
leading Midori will you please lead us
since this [ __ ] gnome is saying it's
all of your trust in me I will gladly
leave this party but I want to hear it
verbally from all of you that you trust
me I will follow you to the ends of the
earth Midori captain ba ba do they get
to the earth what about you walk Midori
I'm so sorry but we need to have a
serious conversation about these tasks
that are assigned to you from whatever
goddess or God you can't be serious
my worry right now into this mess first
of all I didn't charge in any way I'm
actually surprised right now you're even
capable of having this conversation
considering you were blacked out for
more than half the time we were in the
party we need to stop fighting amongst
ourselves okay you have a Democratic
vote let's lay down some ground rules
for where we're going regardless of who
leads here are some basic things we have
to agree on okay number one friends
before egos okay we can't let our egos
get each other kill yeah please yes
Locke I agree never I sit there with a
huge face as you ran out of the
catacombs holding Midori over your
shoulders to prove some weird masculine
thing and almost got both of you killed
I wasn't the one who ran
there with my ego yeah you could keep
going back into that I listen I made a
mistake I'll admit it when I but I
handled my business and I didn't I did
what I had to do to make sure that none
of you guys were put at risk by my
business you barely got out of there by
the skin of you barely got out of there
by the skin of your teeth listen you
both made mistakes we have to agree on
this no listen we're not moving on from
this we cannot prioritize the whims of
our gods over the lives of our party
members can we only think that is fair I
think that also actually does make sense
hey wait will help you with your God but
you have to talk to us no I want to hear
it from her Midori
you cannot prioritize the will of your
God over the party members that have
risked their lives you find in time and
time again I value and care about you
guys a lot more than you think I do
okay don't insult me yeah I will not
answer I keep and Ori I agree to what
Locke said or not I agree to what I
agreed to prioritize you guys more than
My Goddess okay
this means that from now on and I look
at Captain Barbra as well whenever you
to have your strange assignments from
whatever goddess or God you're praying
to at night you have to let the rest of
us know no news is smoking around and
doing crazy random things okay I will I
agree Locke and I extend my hand a
handshake I'll shake his hand as well
with a confused look on my face Midori
you understand this
I feel very bullied right wait why
you're gonna have to make a decision
okay when there's when that this when
that point comes I think you'll be very
pleased with my decision okay but I
don't want to be coerced into doing
things I don't want to do
that's not sure to be coerced you should
willingly want to do this you guys under
My Goddess never would you appeared out
of nowhere and you murdered probably the
safest way that we had out of that
catacomb for no reason why did you do
that
but I wasn't doing it
Midori let's look at the intentionality
behind both actions I went into that
catacomb because I thought I could find
information to keep the rest of you safe
you went in there only because you were
trying to serve the whims of some
goddess that barely even helps us but do
you remember he was a beater of
apparently a really large cult belt was
bound to do like evil things down the
line I was only helping the future
people sure maybe he would have been
evil think so no way we could have taken
out however my intentions were not evil
your intentions were to prioritize the
whims of your goddess over the value of
your party I did not prioritize the
words of my credits over the lives of my
party but my values aren't my values and
I don't want to be forced or back into
drinking snuck into that catacomb like a
like a filthy rogue and killed him well
he was nothing wrong with roads outside
of all the vision of us I mean what else
could you say besides she did him but
she didn't do that didn't hurt us she
does need to tell us exactly did you see
to tell us I don't know who you're
talking to
Lock you won you won okay if we come
across another situation well you guys
are serving other gods before your party
members this is we're not gonna come in
with that we have agreed we have already
agreed three times now okay so I'd like
to elect a leader democratically yes
Peter
I vote Midori I think she's got her head
on her shoulders and honestly I'm a
little offended at what our gnome said
about I didn't really can't lead I said
she doesn't care to lead and then I
asked her if she got was right she
didn't answer
is that correct Midori do you care to
lead would you want to leave if I have
the trust every party member including
walk I will lead but it's long still has
some hesitation for some reason trusting
me despite the fact his hands are also
stained I don't care to lead do you want
to yeah sure okay okay
took a while to answer that went Dory
because if you want to rise up and you
want a response
we've had some complaints from other
guests that it's getting a little loud
in here take care of that we're sorry'
Bradley yeah I'm gonna
which room complain by the way whatever
spell and I walk up to the door I walk
up to the door and I open it and I tell
him that if anybody is complaining or
has problems to send them up to our room
okay and then I close lament
[Laughter]
responsibility for leading oh you're
gonna harp on me for just trying to
leave and I don't want the job okay you
lead love you always wanted to be the
leader haven't you you want a pity
control human justice soon have gerald
do it I just don't want to feel like I'm
following somebody that's running us
she's actually right
if what she's saying is if you're gonna
let her if we're gonna we're gonna
nominate her as the leader and then
you're gonna argue later that's what I
won't argue later whoever our Midori can
I Midori do I have your vote please
I want to leave and I will do it
correctly I will lead us correctly I
believe you will I've done
I'm leaving the party couldn't even take
care of the two yetis however many
countless other quasi cheering I can't
bring your children up it would take a
necromancer did you said you don't care
who these I am here to lead I will do it
correctly do I have your vote you said
you don't care to leave you don't say
you said I'm not comfortable following
somebody that follows the will of
another guy I will not but are my god
before my party I think we've all proven
that we value each other's lives more
than our goddesses right I have never
really tried to put your lives in danger
never I saved your life once okay
looking right at to Midori right what
would you do if your God is giving you
if your goddess ordered you to kill one
of us what would you do would you
abandon your faith don't speak for my
goddess she would never do that first of
all you know that for a fact I know that
I know our way more than you do long do
you even believe in the goddess do you
know how this works
can you entertain a hypothetical for one
second death cleric hypothetical what if
a giant a giant came crashing into this
tavern and we all died right then and
there what is the point of entertainment
I would be the first one then I would be
the first one to fall because I would
give my life defending the members of my
party Midori
I'm done with this conversation you guys
are bickering so much I think I am gonna
be an eff leader I have I'm done I've
actually done it probably this is a guy
that ten minutes ago I love you mr.
pirate but you're ten minutes ago just
said you could attack the whole city of
fortune
I did not say we're gonna do that I
can't do it there's no i'ma literally
can't do it could be anyone else is the
no I'm so salty
slap my hands on the table I look at
Captain Barnes feel like Captain
Barlow's I think it'll be a really good
leader and then they turn to log me like
I can't believe I saved your lives that
many times and this is the payment I get
in return
and they storm out and slam the door
Thank You mini-me I think we're a little
heated right now maybe we should take a
take a baby we should reconvene here
after seven days and we'll figure out
what we're okay very emotional right now
I'm not thinking clearly yes the birdie
disperses two to cool their heads for a
little while I think you meet up so
maybe the next day or something maybe a
couple days later you probably see each
other in the tavern from time to time
and this is called three days later
you're down in the the main tavern of
the starlit Starlight Inn and Tavern and
there's this guy down here he looks like
the sheriff of the town he's armed and
armored in the right way he's got the
appropriate ratings of it but he's
standing on a table holding his
short-sword in the air pointing it up
towards the sky and regaling the locals
at this time that he and these we're
rats were sneaking through the sewers
and you know no one could spot them and
going on and on about this tale that its
sound with the same old BS that you hear
I'd land in the middle of him like
because he's like boasting about it
right oh yeah
I will I kill the Giants single-handedly
hold on you don't get your turn right
now we're talking about the time I don't
think anybody wants to hear about your
we're rats I think they'd be more in
into a tale about me slaying a giant
single-handedly
well then sir stand up and say it and he
takes a step back in motions for you to
climb on the table that he was standing
on and this is the great time to bring
back that thing from a while ago when
you swore up and down that you would
prepare some stuff for your goddess is
it ready I have a speech for my goddess
yes did you prepare the thing that we
talked about so long ago that I am
stepping down you would do I before the
next session that you then just didn't
do ever I have all right I thought well
you so what I will until you get this
thing ready no you did like you made me
a blood oath listen I am doing it right
now we're going you made me a blood oath
and you've you know what I thought
happened was I mean jailed and I went
around the city and did ago and then I
had two papers to do but a third paper
go ahead and give me you're slaying the
mountain giant story I was about before
I was rudely interrupted to talk about
my goddess ephra and how ephra the most
gracious goddess in all of the land
allowed me with her met with her mighty
mystical magical powers to slay a mound
right single-handedly so if any of you
are interested in bringing yourself to
the next level of the world of this
world please I implore you to seek out
your nearest temple of ephra and go soon
speak with their
great story bro thank you from the
audience he's a new kid look at the
young faces got there he doesn't know
what's going on this guy who's got to be
your age may be younger than you even
hops back up on the table says where was
I right there I was the sewers dripping
with water fill fit wretched stench
permeating the area and corpses bobbing
in the water and then he looks at you
and goes this is how you tell a story we
were crawling through the sewers when we
saw ahead of us an undead Guardian and
he proceeds to tell the story and after
maybe 15 minutes you realize he's
talking about crawling in through the
sewers to fortune itself well how do you
hear the whole story I'm sitting in the
in the front with like grand mocked my
story I'd like to do it I would like to
hear his mighty story though honey 15
minutes it's a long story we we we don't
have to go that's okay yeah all right
okay well a nice story bro
thank you so the story is about how they
crawled through the sewers of the city
streets of fortune ended up near the the
Mesa in there and then scaled up it
through this little back corner between
it and the wall snuck into the Keith at
the top and he finishes his story there
leaving everyone in suspense and say
well I I swore on my life I wouldn't say
what happened next but I think you all
know there's things that aren't in
Fortune anymore and there's a round of
applause from people as the sheriff
completes the story pops down and sort
of Swagger's over to your table and goes
better luck next time kid
and besides pick a more believable story
what captain Bravo justice there's done
sorry I don't listen to liars well why
are we during this time I think they're
all sitting at separate tables cuz
you're getting a little break from
yourselves I'm Gerald I'm okay sitting
accident I'm sitting next to Gerald I
don't sit next to girl there's enough
known for everyone
captain Barbeau maybe you'll get some
information from that guy about his
adventures in fortune demo leadership
prowess by Katherine sorry
where's Locke I'm busy writing writing
about our tails keep a Dory corner hmm
yeah can I go do a totally you find
Bradley these out passing drinks over at
the the bar right now hello
uh mr. Brad yes hi how are you doing mr.
gnome
I'm very good very glad hopefully you're
not mad and this is not a bad time to
talk to you in some rhymes about what
may be going on in this town
we're curious if there's anyone any
person a noun
who might have any kind of like
leadership or know some things about the
city of fortune you see we have been
trying to learn more about the place and
is there anyone in town who may know and
be able to pick up our pace oh yeah yeah
there's the mayor of the town recently
elected mayor his name is Joris oh he
lives outside of town you had to take
the road past the river and on the right
side of the road you'll see a little Hut
down away that's that's his house he's a
wizard he's a wizard a Wizarding wizard
yes and a bit of a recluse she's gonna
hate good fellow he's the UM the uncle
fed the Guardian the sheriff's was his
ward he raised the share ferret they're
related that's what I'm trying to say so
his name is yours the wizard he casts
spells used to tell Joris with the J but
yes your is the wizard yes okay okay
that's great so that's great well I
appreciate your help thank you very much
Brad I hope that your day is glad
as you pop off your stool you notice
that there are two gnomes seated like
just over from you and they're both
looking at you and like shaking their
heads
wait why hello fellow gnomes how do you
do why don't you go home I don't know
where my time with these people you've
lost all of your rhymes like Rip Van
Winkle I can assure you that I can rhyme
even in double time maybe even better
than you
fellow Chum what what about my rhymes
makes you so glum they actually they
know I didn't go the first one says well
maybe I misjudged you oh no trouble at
all fellow gnomes wherever you may roam
I hope you can find it and call it a
good home they they nod enthusiastically
and one of them offers to pay what's the
money on the table and buys your next
drink for you oh I gratefully accept yes
wonderful yeah and I had that covered
yeah they apologize for the
misunderstanding they overheard you
talking with the bartender and your
rooms dropping your rhymes dropped a
little bit and they were judging you and
then they realized that well maybe he's
there just a moment of weakness but not
a bleakness ya know they they're happy
to pay for drinks oh you can meet back
up with separate members of the party at
their separate tables I just kind of try
to I can't really gather people you can
refuse to sit next to laugh at the
moment okay so we're in kindergarten so
I'm gonna go over to let's see I'll go
over to Midori first big mistake
- stop meta he means hi Midori hey I am
a new update for our story
there's a wizard who cast spells and
they may tell what the next part of our
journey will be well and that might be
swell so we should go talk to the wizard
after everybody stops fighting what do
you think okay yeah okay then I go over
to Locke hi Locke
what's up gerald hi um I found that
there's maybe a next step in our quest
there's a wizard outside the town who
runs it and it might be best if we talk
to him after I rest
maybe gerald are you doing okay I'm ok
gerald I don't wanna talk
we should go out and talk sometime soon
yeah okay I think it's been a long
journey and sometimes it's kind of hard
for everybody to stay calm in a world
with so many qualms I want to talk to
Jeff I got to go over the barber next
hello
no how are you doing I'm good
what do you want well there's a new
wizard in the town and it might help us
to figure out a [ __ ] about a wizard why
not I just don't care not interested in
them what are you interested in
interested in uh making money and giving
it away ok
do you think that there's a there's
something we got to do next right yeah
we're supposed to find the stone that we
were doing right yeah so I think I might
know the next step in that cool all
right you see here I'm writing something
don't you and you're interrupting me how
about we figure out who the party leader
is and then we can ever talk about this
and I'll shoo him out
that sounds good I hope you have a great
day mr. Barba don't need your vote
okay I'm gonna that's that's all I'm
doing well who do you go sit next to
next Midori your luck next I'm gonna
call me over so I'm gonna go slowly the
crowd stops or starts turning to face
you as you're playing your bagpipes the
other gnomes at the bar turn around and
Bop up and down with the music and you
get them after you finish your song you
get a great round of applause from the
audience they all said I'm very excited
can I sing a new song oh yeah all right
I better I got em problem spot I'll have
anything written down
listen everybody playing D&D put your
other hand [ __ ] hands up and follow
me I know it's been tough kind of little
rough that little bit of fluff but
everything's gonna be okay because we're
gonna decide on a party leader yay and
then we're gonna go to the next place
and maybe not die that would be good
because then I cry if everyone died I
don't know who the new party leader is
gonna be but we'll find out you'll see
that's it
gentle not
[Music]
there's a round of applause from the
people and the bartender / innkeeper
comes over to you and goes that was a
good tale and what I've heard the other
day not an inaccurate one either listen
Gerald have you ever considered you
should leave the party I mean it's not
hard to see the tension between those
three right you seem to be the one
everyone gets along with just put it out
there man you seem like the only person
people would follow yeah but there's
like this there's like this crowd of
like people I'm around but I thumbs up
the barkeeper yeah I'm gonna play my
bagpipes all right
you bagpipe away and I think we can skip
ahead another couple days sounds good I
think Gerald and take a walk outside you
think I should roll what are we roll
roll initiative maybe I want to speak to
Jim all right midori you get there first
hey do you want to go for a walk hi I'm
Midori yes tell me a story
would you like to hear a story is that
about stories of the time that we went
into the Nome mine or is this something
different
lene what wait what sometimes I have a
weird moment I just really wanted to
vent a little bit if you don't mind yeah
that would help me then I don't have to
rhyme if I listen to you talk so what's
up that's you okay but do you have any
like relaxing like music like friendly
music oh yeah for you guys let's do
we're gonna get you some good music
right along the river crux you guys walk
in that direction the river makes nice
burbling gurgling sounds as you cruise
alongside of it
there's even a little milled there for a
grinding wheat is it find it just start
just start I'm just listening I'm just
going along I'm putting my foot my
little feet in front of each other and
I'd like just like playfully marching
along so he's only stopping to avoid a
bug has to not harm one so I just I just
don't understand you know like I saved
this guy's life multiple times I thought
I'd prove him myself
but he still doesn't trust me and it
really hurts my feelings Gerald do you
you malign me like I feel like no matter
how hard I try I can't win the trust of
vlog and that actually stings a little
bit and every time I try to defend
myself he just talks really fast and
talks over me
and he thinks like he has like what his
morals are just so much better than the
rest of the party like he and he he'd
forgotten that he's got in his hands
teen just as much as the rest of us
right so I don't know I like at this one
I don't know what to do because he makes
it really hard to choose between you
know choices certain hard choices that
you know all of us have to make
sometimes right
hmm well what what do you want to do
Midori what makes you happy well I admit
I I think I've grown to really like
everyone in this party and you would
mean a lot of Locke started to trust me
a little more I thought that I was on
the right path but given this latest
disagreement I don't think I'm on the
right path anymore and I'm not sure what
I should do now what would you do
Gerald if you had to choose between you
know I I can't say but there are certain
choices that I have to make great and
it's becoming really hard to tread that
line what choices do you have to make
I can't say oh well sometimes if you do
things right people won't be sure if you
do anything at all can you repeat that
if you do things right people won't be
sure if you do anything at all oh I see
how do you think I should make Locke
trust me more journals cuz you trust me
right
where's my mate yeah I think you're a
very good person and I think that you've
done a lot to lead the party and you're
trying like us all to live this part of
our story and to see what's next
Thank You gerald I really appreciate it
I feel like sometimes you're the only
one in this party that I can talk to
like this well sometimes I'm a little
silly but at the end of the day I just
want everybody to be happy happy and
Willy
and maybe that's all there is to it you
know I think maybe we just need to talk
amongst ourselves more and then it'll
all sort itself out in time you're right
I won't give up on our friendship just
yet even if this latest fight was a
little hurtful I can see how it was but
you're strong and I think that this hold
this this party needs you to believe in
yourself and in us you've saved us many
times I'm gonna bend down and give
Gerald a hug like pat him on the head
and be like yeah you're a very very good
gnome I give a thumbs up and I squeeze
my bagpipes with one hand
hey let's lock that you make your way
back to copper Hill and as the two of
you start to peel off you see Locke
standing nearby
tapping his foot looking around the
gnome I I wander over
chello friend feel like it would do us
well to walk we haven't we haven't had
much of a talk before Locke but I would
enjoy a talk there I don't very
comfortable
I'm gonna be frank with you I just don't
feel very comfortable with the
conflicting poles in this party right
now I feel like everything I've done so
far has been to keep everybody else Lily
can you stop laughing you're [ __ ] the
whole game up right now oh my god let me
move this off my screen thank you okay I
feel like I've done everything I can so
far to keep everybody on this party safe
almost giving my life and a few
different instances in order to do so
but I feel like especially with Captain
Bravo and Midori as a blade it feels
like there's some ulterior motive there
serving or some greater purpose rather
than whatever quest were on or rather
than keeping us all safe well what what
what do you want luck
what do you want what do you want to
have what do you what do you get out of
this I want to guide us through this
journey so that we can finish whatever
mission we're supposed to do and I want
to make sure that all of us get there
healthily at the very end I guess so so
you think it will help if Barbeau and
Midori talk more about like what they're
doing and that'll solve most of it right
I don't know I mean people that pledged
allegiance to God seemed to serve their
gods over all else I don't really trust
that they would prioritize us over
either of their gods do you really think
so don't we have to believe it because
that's I mean we have to trust them at
their word what else is there just a
denying and we don't have to we can go
our own way you and me we can't we kinda
can't though because there's this like
mysterious force - together so I think
we should trust about our word and see
what happens it does seem as though
there is some ether or force that binds
our destinies together I do agree with
that however I just
I just don't feel comfortable I guess
putting all my faith into somebody
delete us that ultimately serves another
God I don't know I feel like there will
always um I just I Gerald I didn't wanna
say this but I have these nightmares
okay where I wake up in a cold sweat and
I feel like either me or Captain Bible
have done something horrible in the name
of their God I don't know I wake up
right before I find right before I find
out what they've done but I just have
this horrible feeling in the pit of my
stomach something horrible is gonna
happen to one of them so do you think
you're the right person to lead I think
I can keep this party safe and I think I
can keep us on to our mission yes do you
think there's anyone else that can sit
shed
I mean III silly as it sounds I guess
over the other - I trust you Gerald I
haven't seen you worship any higher
power and you seem to have our concern
at heart as well but I've decided not to
follow a God because I think it's a
little bit odd
instead I study magic spells what do you
think we should do Gerald hmm
I think when we get back everybody will
vote and I think I don't really know
what to do I guess I I could do it I
think in the end it won't be as exciting
as a fewer Midori do it maybe maybe what
we could do is uh all four of us could
just maybe write on a piece of paper and
put it in a hat and we'll count it up at
the end or something and then no one
knows who votes for who
mmm-hmm yeah we could do that and then
try something different if it doesn't
doesn't work if there's a good smell it
lets tail meat or something maybe yeah
hmm okay but I think for now
I think for now luck if we have to trust
them at their word they've given us our
their word that they will put us that
they will talk to us about their gods
and what's going on and we should
believe them until we're led to believe
something different what would that be
okay I mean you're asking me to trust
them until I can no longer do so because
they've done something catastrophic
Gerald you understand how nervous that
makes me right yeah but I got but it's
okay because um I've got lots of spells
to get us out of more really dumb
[ __ ] if we get into okay so we're
gonna make it buddy okay thanks for the
talk Gerald I appreciate it I'm I'm
always here can I speak with Midori sure
Midori leaves her walk with Gerald ferns
towards the end as you're stretching out
in front of me in juvey make eye contact
Midori towards her how was your day
going oh you know could be going better
how's your day going well I see that you
in a locker in a bit of a bit of a fight
is there anything do you think you guys
are gonna be okay yeah okay I'm not sure
Captain Bob Oh what are you upset about
I just I don't see how he can find it in
himself to shame us for believing in our
God when he places justice on a pedestal
and often does things impulsively but
you know I agree he is a very impulsive
man he's kind of like his father yeah
it's father I'm down to be friends with
him and accept him for who he is I am as
well do you think is impulsive man such
as Locke should lean honestly I feel
like for the sake of the peace of this
party I'm willing to relinquish the role
of leadership but if I had to choose
I'd rather give it to you or Gerald
considering he doesn't even trust him
yet that's a little weird don't you
think it is pretty weird that we've been
adventuring together for probably around
how many months have we been together
I've been keeping track well if I'm your
world it's been about two months I think
it's been way longer than that no yeah
about ten for some reason you guys oh
yeah it's more than two months long but
I said cool okay I'd like to go back to
rpm with Lilly no Midori um so you think
that we should vote Locke for the good
of the party is that your final decision
no no no no no I think I'd be more
comfortable with your drills I think
ultimately because love doesn't mean I
do think I get Locke's vote though well
if both of us mode for the same person
it has to be 50/50 right that's correct
mm-hmm I say we both vote me and I will
go have a conversation with block and
see if I can get his vote well good luck
okay
hashtag make Arcadia great again alright
let's skip ahead a few more days to the
end of your week here in town it seems
like you've just been relaxing and
taking it easy getting yourself a nice
long rest everyone's that full HP full
hit dice full spells new level you can
all level ie after you read your oh you
want me to read it oh oh yeah you got to
read that [ __ ] publicly oh did you like
it I did yeah I did I tried my best I
really did
alright I would go into the tavern and
is there a do I see a young impression
do I see a young man who looks a little
lost someone who looks lost I guess
who's down on their luck I don't know is
there a mirror in the tavern
there's a young boy here someone made
that joke already Steven yes who made
that joke already
I made the mirror joke like 20 minutes
ago
Lily can you please let me RP can you
like not go back I'll kind of look
towards him but I'll speak to everybody
hello everyone I am here to tell you of
the greatest goddess in the entire land
her name is ephra I was once a lost
pirate and then I was greeted by a
humble of servant of ephra kind of like
how I'm doing now she talked to me about
her wonderful goddess at first I didn't
believe but I have to admit I was kind
of intrigued so I followed her advice
and started praying to her every single
night at first nothing happened
and I began to lose faith but I did take
I did take some insolence
it's Dolan's in the prayers and became a
routine so I kept praying at night and
after a while I finally heard her voice
call out to me she said do a mighty deed
to gain my favor and that was it I
racked my brain for a long time what
would impress
such an inspirational goddess
I finally came to the idea of slaying a
mighty giant alone so I set off without
my party all alone I slowly encroached
on the beasts cave and went inside it
was so very dark I fumbled about like a
fool I was a weak fool before My Goddess
ephra I finally found the beast inside
his digi cave and I yelled mighty beast
I am here to slay you the Beast jumped
up he was at least thirty feet tall and
he swiped at me instantly I felt it big
rated that something had changed in me I
was faster smarter stronger leaner I
attacked the mighty beast with two
swipes of my sword I was able to
dispatch the limbs of the Great Beast I
called out to the My Goddess ephra is
this the power that you can grant to
someone even them slowly as me ephra and
I heard her sweet voice yes my disciple
follow me and I shall grant you this
power eternally from this day forward I
have followed effort with glee ephra is
a very powerful and inspirational
goddess and if you want to change your
life for the better
I implore you to find a temple of ephra
immediately and to be furious and I kind
of like was like looking at thank you
he nods up and down slowly but surely
and wide-eyed clearly he's been inspired
by your words thank you what do you do
after it's like immediately after you
give this a speech I guess I would
notice that he he looks very enthralled
so I'll go and have a word with them hi
young man are you interested in learning
more about the goddess of Efrain did you
really kill a thingy I really killed a
giant yes yeah I want to be like that
well I would first go to the temple and
talk to the priests there see what they
say temple of f right here ah well there
is one in what I know if there's one in
storm I'm yeah there's definitely one
strong huh there's one in strong hi
maybe if me and my party adventure that
way I can come and grab you and take you
there oh really
yeah I'd be happy to do that he seemed
excited at the prospect meet me here in
two days we'll have a conversation about
it I'll let you know what my party is
doing what's your name my name is uh
captain Barbeau of the Barbeau clan
that it's an honor to meet you I'm Bobby
Bobby
nice to meet you Bobby how old are you 9
almost 10 next month I was 8 when I
started adventuring so you're perfect of
age for it he nods o me here in two days
then Bobby he waves and watches you walk
away the end of the week the party
gathers together slowly but surely in
the tavern you're all rested
let's talk about your leveling before
you guys cause chaos again let's start
with Stephen what are you taking
what do you are youse going more warrior
yeah no we're level good booth ok no
it's great single class thing is the way
to go
am I in my book it's the most authentic
and faithful to the world way to do it
so that's why I do it in trouble
I can place I believe I got 2 points and
an attribute or whatever I'll take two
and string at six I think that is the
case you fool as a warrior don't you
being a fighter right ok and Gerald
buddy I'm going six level is not too
exciting so I'll just I'm hitting I'm
just getting two new spell slots
probably hypnotic pattern and maybe
thunder step but all that you know but I
hypnotic pattern for sure sure are you
changing your specialty yes yeah I
definitely a.m. since I threw up I
learned by throwing a fireball that how
to do that better it's yeah I really
still can't decide between Evo and war
magic it's just it's just a tough
decision but I think yeah I think I'm a
I'm a
leaning towards leaning towards a war
magic but maybe like just go around to
other people have an answer to you the
end is that a call alright let's go to
bad Brad Barbeau throwing a point in
cleric you're doing it alright gonna
roll hit day for my HP yeah before you
do that though cuz I know one of the
reasons you want to do that is grab a to
grab a level of ill now the shield and I
just want to make sure that when you
multi class you get all the same
proficiencies okay because the the multi
class animals are fit off and I sort of
forgot about it but if you can get the
shield you'll definitely go yep
if I can't then I'll go are we supposed
up we roll a hit die in order to
determine our HP gain uh yeah you gain
good one Lily we rolled the same score
and Lily you're taking a level in cleric
of course yes lovely how much HP do
super 47 to more than 163 to 160 you
have to multiply into cleric you need at
least thirteen wisdom yeah cool and yes
you can argue up thirteen charisma do
that I got it all okay cool
proficiency is when you perficient's
into yeah you get light medium and
shields when you go to third cool so I
can do it yeah that's fine
can I buy a shield yes you can buy a
shield
is a thousand silt copper that wasn't
copper silver and gold oh how much
silver one hundred silver I buy it okay
Lily you get some spells right have you
picked them you've sorted all that stuff
out um I'll have a frame next week okay
cuz I mean I need to only draw love them
sure sure
and let's go back to Devon a sh or magic
more magic yes
how do I reflect the initiative on my
character sheet I get a +5 initiative
role for Raburn yeah I will change that
for you there's like a awkward setting
place to do it
Oh initiative modifier yep yeah I
survived yes thank you
and then for spells I'm taking thunder
step and hip dog pattern
sweet and tell us the cuz not everyone's
heard our back and forth from this tell
us why you feel it's appropriate to move
Gerald from an illusionist to a warm
magician
um over its over time like gerald kind
of like when he first left the gnome
home he was he was you know quite a
trickster
but the difficulty in the weight of the
world has made him realized that you
know life is harder than just fun tricks
and illusions and for the gnome he needs
to be going forward it's gonna take a
dedication to a different school and
since he was reading his book that he
had the school of the advancing Wizard
spells he realized that he was going to
have to start to develop new techniques
to keep the party from dying so this is
the progression all right love it love
it and you rolled what for HP five nice
two five and two sevens finally I'd
finally a decent role yeah how do I swap
the number of spells
have slots total it says to grow certain
way to yeah what's on your get to is
Brad captain bad Brad barb oh we want to
multi class you second class is cleric
one level thank you sweet and when you
take a level in cleric you have to pick
your God right away divine them in yep
yeah so what domain are you going um
what is that for in your choose
inspiration and this is knowledge
knowledge light light nature tempest
trickery war has grave and Forge know
maybe trickeries the closest sometimes I
might make you a custom class in between
sessions hell yeah
what do I get for like that do I get
anything when you take a devout a domain
at first level you get additional spells
and some sort of stuff so why don't you
just start with trickery and then next
session I'll have a ephra class for you
and it'll change all the things that you
got through trickery but we'll just take
trickery now to tide us over until we
get something more appropriate awesome
cool so it's been a week you've all
leveled you've all rested you're all at
full and ready to go you're in the
tavern seated together and it has come
time for you to decide your leader
what's the process are you gonna do a
vote names on a piece of paper
so have we have we all talked should we
talk first again yeah
well it seems like everybody at this
table feels like they want to be the
leader so maybe we should just go around
and have everybody give their fuel and
why they think they should be the one
and then we can all cast our vote at the
end would you like to start Midori you
said you wanted me to leave didn't you
Midori I thought about it I've had many
bees to think about it
can I go last well I mean you went to
you Midori
I'll volunteer to go first as a good
leader would I think that I can be the
leader of this party because I will
prioritize the safety of every member in
here because that's what I have done
continually as we've gone on this
adventure because I'll do whatever it
takes to keep all of you alive no matter
what happens and you guys know that
you'll have my Legion or any other
entity that's my promise if I can give
to all three of you and not buying that
one then Midori perhaps you'd like to go
next yeah I think I'm more comfortable
with Gerald or Captain Barbossa
as a leader I don't really want
something why we thought we would be
good about being a leader it sounds like
you don't have much to say there may be
captain Bravo or Gerald would like to go
next
yeah I'm nominating them she doesn't
want to lead Locke because what she's
saying and she thinks that I would be a
better leader than you okay captain
Bravo make your case plead your case I
think that I would be the best leader of
this party because I have not been
bickering with each other for four days
I've shown that I can put our
differences aside have a conversation
with everybody and you know I'm not
gonna do any dumb [ __ ] that stuff is
behind me and I'm not gonna put my god
over the party does this bickering count
as seeking out my family to bring them
and parade them around in front of me
when we visit if I act like an angel
you've done your share of [ __ ] up [ __ ]
- holy crap Midori would you like to
reek it why I would like to say that I
not a perfect person nor if I said that
I am I just have said that I think I am
the best one here to lean I'm not on a
high horse or anything that you seem to
be lock right now so there's strong
words from a man who was ready to leave
our party just a few weeks ago Gerald
what do you view to say I don't know I
mean my only real vote is I just don't
think Barbara should lead everything
else is fine I don't really particularly
want to lead if if I have to that I'm
the neutral choice I would try my best
to make informed decisions and I would
try to make the right decisions
I don't really argue with people I'm
pretty easygoing so if you want to
choose me for the least amount of
conflict that would be the choice
keeping in mind that that is also not
necessarily the funnest choice so you
guys have to make a decision about that
but I would I would be the I would make
reasonable decisions most the time I
don't know what yeah let's cast one
silent vote and let's see what we can do
can I pass like some slips of paper run
everybody and I'm like I'm are damn sure
yeah all DME with your votes wait right
isn't that the right way to do it you
don't exist in our world one of us would
have to be the one to go over it I will
then copy and paste the the answers into
someone whoever's pulling the papers out
and let them call it out okay so let's
say that we all write our vote on a
piece of paper then we put the papers in
the middle and kind of mix them up and
then we're just gonna flip all of them
over at the same time okay that's good
how do we send you a DM Oh in discord
and you find my name that wasn't that
funny Lily I didn't know who I was
obviously damn towards them discord no
one else has a question
okay votes of all been cast nope we're
still waiting for one vote one vote
waiting to come in
Devin uh-huh why are we going okay
really want this man to lead hey love
that made me cough earlier Devin for
some reason our message history is
broken on discord when uh I I just see
nothing from you and no message is ever
sent between us really yeah it's borked
right now could you if you do it through
zoom there's a chat button and you can
change you talk to you I mean let me try
that real quick sorry
maybe that's why you didn't see it just
I click check yes I can see that
and what's it
alright - are you guys are just flipping
this over on the table right flip them
over yep so everyone can read them okay
right I should have mine in my hand
no that's the table in order to make it
I don't know that should actually wait
hold on who is mixed them up in the
table I'm mixing them up no okay anybody
but Gerald can go why anybody but Gerald
because I don't want him casting some
spelling somebody change the votes I
don't know I'm worried about I feel like
we should all just say who we vote I
think that's the most fair I don't think
why don't we write them because I am
worried about our gnome using spells on
these pieces of paper anyway captain
barb oh let him I think he could use it
use it on mice paper I don't I want to
say it out loud actually
absolutely no trust in each other that
we can't even on pieces of paper okay I
tear my paper up listen this is what
we're gonna do okay we'll go by a
case-by-case basis in every week this
goddamn party can't agree on it again
all in favor of rotating say aye aye
Gerald you're outvoted here my gnomish
friend I'm sorry wait you don't want to
rotate every week are you guys [ __ ]
serious
rotating is the same as no leader at all
walk no it's not we just need to call
the shots when we're on an adventure so
that we can't have people constantly
second-guessing what's going on we're
going to second-guess anyway no the
whole point of us electing a leader is
to get rid of the second not
second-guess yeah but then what's to say
like we're just gonna wait for that week
to pass
to make it super hard for whoever's the
leader and just wait for their turn to
come if somebody does that then I'll
kick their ass okay Midori yeah I'll
kick their ass too
yeah well I'll kick their ass that's the
rotating I think is the most fair and
then we can after the four weeks we
could figure out what we want right now
here's what we're doing okay we have one
week to figure out what the [ __ ] is
going on in the city of fortune right
that's what we all agree we've got a
target and then we probably are gonna
have to go back there and see who
exactly it was that we killed or someone
so we need somebody to lead us for this
week through that trial
week one I'll really your Locke week one
okay how about you Midori do you trust
me for one week no sense to me
Jarrell how do you feel to do what you
can't even do like what I mean I think
that there should be one leader but if
we can't if we absolutely can't agree on
a leader then this is slightly better
than no leader but only slightly better
okay Midori you can take next week okay
how does that sound
maybe what we could do is we could we
could just each take a turn and see when
Barbara takes a turn we're just not
gonna have a party's there's not gonna
be a test Oh
we'll all take a turn listen I'll trust
barb okay barb oh says you can lead all
trusts borrow for a week okay so how
about we do this okay well rotate week
by week sound okay
yeah Santori everyone is on board with
this is the only compromise we can
actually reach together I mean I voted
for myself obviously what did you vote
for Midori I what if I captain Bible and
Bible for myself what did you vote for
Gerald I voted for Jill we said majority
vote she shouldn't have been Captain Bob
oh no I think we should do a rotating
party we agreed right Oh unless we want
to go back I'm fine with either she
didn't agree I'm fine with either okay
sounds like a rotating bow is what you
guys have to sign
at 50-plus one percent who is this ether
of voice speaking to us trying to do
forms of government are very complicated
things okay many brilliant men talked
for at length okay in the past okay
Barbeau would you like to leave this
first week then and then we did like to
weep I'd like to lead week one ok are we
ok with that gerald yeah I mean I guess
I get my four hours back on Wednesday so
Barbeau lead us tell us what to do okay
did we all roll our hit dice and level
up is that done oh yeah you're ready to
do ready to go barb oh all of us are
energized and rested tell us what you'd
like us to do let us head to fortune my
good friends we have much to investigate
there Thomas thing you really think it
would be wise are you really
second-guessing me you're
second-guessing my decision you see do
you want to lead Locke go ahead mmm take
week one instead okay everybody we just
had a week's worth of rest let's take a
deep breath okay Midori do you see this
he wants a leader he says no we will God
he wants to be the leader that's all he
wants he doesn't care about anybody else
I'm sorry wait do you think that leading
the party meant that you would dictate
orders to all of us without any input
whatsoever that we're nearly offering a
suggestion but I will follow with
whatever you say at the end of the day
if you know please go ahead
you monks in the front and I will take
and I will be right in front of you I
will be your shield
Barbara you want to go there Eileen no I
don't want to leave if you don't want to
leave now you leave week one okay Gerald
you said that there were wizards in this
town that you could speak to do you
think there's any more information you
could gain from them yeah I think that
we can go see Joris I start Doris yeah I
think we can go see yours together and
we can go find out like I think what we
should do is we should find like a we
should not go off of the old information
we should try to find a new lead and
gather more information together to make
an informed decision because right now
just going back to portion is suicide
okay I think that sounds great me and
Devon or me and the gnome are going to
go and speak to these wizards wait can
we
captain Barbary there was a man that
told a tale about going into fortune do
we think there was any legitimacy to the
story that he told maybe like talking to
him yeah so maybe Midori and captain
Barbeau can go and speak to that man to
figure out more of his tale maybe he'll
have some important information about
what was going on or fortune will each
go our separate ways we'll meet back up
here in one day we'll collect the
information we've got and then we'll
make a decision then how about that
sounds good leader okay let's go all
right let's part our separate ways all
right excellent any of you would like to
do something different because the
leader takes input from his people
Midori are you okay with this or would
you like to do something different I'm
going to leave the party to Captain
Barbeau do you have any input or is this
an okay course of action for now did she
say she's leaving the party
I can't wait for amadora to lean that's
okay and then Gerald you think this is
okay hey buddy I'm with you okay then
let's go our separate ways and we'll
return here in a day and we'll figure
out what we've what information your
lack of trusted me is not sustainable
long term and at some point something is
going to give but we'll figure that out
we'll cross that bridge when we come to
it okay oh well let's hope that bridge
comes soon all right the party splits to
to go find Joris to to go find his board
and now the sheriff of the town darf why
don't we take a real world break and
come back in about five minutes and keep
the game going from there awesome well
you made we're finally ready to start
yeah I'm we're ready to start today
amazing hello everyone
you
hey what's up everybody I think we're
back how's it going we just had a nice
break Devon went to the bathroom so
you've got some food Neal did something
and me and Lilly just hung out mm-hmm
Neal got a beer should've got a shower
okay what kind of burritos homemade
stuff you know company you want to know
what's in it specifically sure Jack
cheese
quinoa black beans onions bell pepper no
me no no me he's a vegetarian you didn't
know that
is he not a vegetarian my wife is a
vegetarian you're a [ __ ] why you need
burritos and I'm just bouncing off of
her sometimes I like um vegetarian
burritos or just like burritos without
meat more tasty I don't know the veggies
add a lot of flavor
his wife is that no I really do think
that you [ __ ] fool so let's let's do
the party that goes and talks to Joris
you guys have to head out of town it's
gonna be a couple of miles then turn off
the road sure enough there's this nice
little walkway with some hedges on
either side some large trees and a small
little cottage at the back maybe three
rooms or so maybe 20 by 20 single storey
little chimney some smoke coming out of
it it looks just like a regular everyday
cottage but you know it's owned by the
wizard mayor of this town oh we're doing
the walk and gerald thing first that's
what that entire preamble was I'm sorry
all right okay it's all right man you
know I took a point of exhaustion on
that last part of the episode again yeah
walk up to the door yeah I Gerald I
guess I'll let you lead with this
conversation since you seem to
communicate with these types better than
I would yeah I like cast words okay yeah
knock knock all right you guys knock on
the door and after a few moments a
gentleman opens it he's about 511 upper
50s lower 60s for age
about 156 pounds so tall and of average
build maybe a little on the slender side
he's got grayish hair and eyes that sort
of see for miles he's got that like
thousand-yard stare going on he looks
down at the two of you or up at the two
of you hello hello my friend we are
looking for a wizard named URIs a caster
perhaps you know of this master wizard
I am master doris the sorcerer yes hello
I am Gerald also I also cast spells
pray tell and oh well then hold on let
me give you my full title because you'll
understand oh I am Joris the gastro man
sir what would y'all know what that is
you just hangs his head and goes oh no
one ever knows can I like your roll to
like way make a roll like let me make
like a like a certain roll
yeah in like char-king yeah sure and
then okay come in it's coming you have
no idea what he's talking about oh I'm
so I'm afraid I have not heard of that
term of wizards spells what what do you
do for a tell I pioneered the school of
gastro man see it's cooking with magic
all sorts of spells
mm-hmm no way so what kind of things can
you do well first off come on in let me
make you some tea enchanted as well for
flavor
wonderful wonderful let's let's go lock
let's see what this wizard can do it'll
be a good meal when we're through maybe
he'll make us some stew
sure let's go inside all right you bring
him in he brings you into the living
room and there's like a window in the
wall like with no glass just like a
little hole in the wall that goes to the
kitchen where he's got a fire going and
some pots and pans over it and like a
big cooking surface and she starts
fussing with things while talking at you
guys through the window while you're in
the parlour saying so what brings you to
copper Hill master no well
we have just come to learn more about
the city of fortune and we've heard
there's been a little bit of trouble
there and so we went on an adventure
yeah yeah and to see what was there in
the it's the city was kind of square and
came back here to figure out more about
what's going on but um I I think in
general we were we were trying to follow
an old legend an old legend of a very
special stone and and being a
spellcaster yourself maybe we could talk
over this thing of arcane nature magic
stones a very ancient stone broken off
of a very old tree legend has it do you
know anything about it he pokes his head
towards the window and goes stone off of
a tree you mean stone off of a staff
right oh yes yes the staff that's right
thought I was the World Tree but yeah
close enough yeah um he comes out with a
cup of tea for each of you and pulls a
book off the shelf and slides it over to
you the title says gastro man c1 spicing
up your soup and taps it goes I have a
couple of copies of this one you should
take it it's fantastic
Oh wonderful you're yeah you don't say
this is such a gift
thank you very well I will read the
whole thing very Swift there are four
volumes you know we can get to those
later so you went to fortune to look for
clues to a location of a philosopher's
stone yes we originally did but didn't
come up with much I'm afraid
as such well and to be honest we're kind
of lost and wondered if anyone else
would know the next step
yep let's see I was in copper hill not
too well it said 20 years ago I'm sorry
I was in Fortune maybe 20 years ago or
so there on the outskirts of the town I
fought a necromancer who was raising the
dead of fortune to well create a small
undead army I readily dispatched him and
through his brave body into the river
cross there it floated away what tell
peri tell me what what is the danger
with Fortune today well there appears to
be it appears to be taken over by some
kind of a cult
one such adult runs it is a a cleric of
some power and upon a certain hour they
all gathered for nefarious deeds but of
what of what those where those deeds
leads we do not know and what led you to
believe that there was a philosopher's
stone in Fortune oh we weren't following
much just a rumor as such from far to
the south and the town that we came from
but we don't know for sure my old chum
[Music]
well fortune has been ruled by the
vicious family for generations handed
down from father to son and father to
son never a daughter
it's a Odyssey of the place hmm
they are a superstitious and distrustful
lot fortunate in the all the villages
surrounding so have you heard anything
about an object of such power in this
continent
well not not a philosopher's stone in
and of itself I I would have to check at
the archives I see have you um have you
been to the archives no what's that he
points to the to the sky the archives
the archives you tell me where are you
from my home oh ho I'm from a I'm from a
place very deep I'm afraid so I don't
think I know what the bleep is going on
with this world I've sort of come here
on a leap to see the the upper world but
before that I was underneath in the
nether world
I see so you wouldn't know anything
about the archives yes well up here
there is a floating ship warded and
guarded by magic that's so cool
travels the skies between the various
kingdoms and is accessible to any and
all spellcasters who behave themselves
the only rule the only the only
restriction is being able to get there
yourself you can find it and get to it
it is yours to access do beware of the
spectral Guardians the creators of the
airship still haunt it to this day
keeping it safe for all people keeping
it safe from theft
I see many a young wizard has arrived
and thought they could steal something
or copy something or enter a forbidden
room and never left I see is it our
Wizards not allowed to copy spells from
that place Oh certainly yes but
occasionally there are things that are
preferred to be left there rather than
taken
you know what I mean I do and do you
think the the next place to go to find
out more about ancient law the ancient
places is to go here perhaps if there is
rumor or truth to a philosopher's stone
being in Arcadia it would be there then
again if it was there someone probably
would have sought out these stone itself
so maybe that's the last place you would
go for it they're looking for a secret
hmm interesting predicament fortune
fortune there are no spellcasters of
note there there are no clerics of notes
there are no people of note other than
the count himself perhaps he has it
hmm um that may not be a good option but
perhaps well luck what do you think of
all this so far do you think this is the
right thing to think about or do you
think we should focus on the the captain
the colonel are you talking about
tavington yeah I feel like we should
figure out more what's going on with
fortune first this sounds like a whole
other word deal that we'd have to take
on to decline or whatever well lucky for
you account vicious is not in fortune he
is in the West
last I heard he set siege to thorne him
after conquering Meade's dead he's been
making a mess of the place needs death
eats dead mm-hmm Oh meat stand I said
yeah mm-hmm why why did it so did he
like March an army west to meet stead or
he did he did and you you sir I'm sorry
I never caught your name I just thought
you were his bodyguard you are um you
kind luck pleasure to meet your
acquaintance Locke pleasure to meet you
as well
yes his armies and marched towards Mead
stead of few weeks back I believe I
should have made introductions see this
is this man is a lord he has been
traveling with me for some time you know
us wizards need to keep around people
that are pretty tough so while we well
we I know you'd understand
yes yes mm-hmm welcome to my house my
lord hmm so vicious why did why is
vicious
why does vicious march on on what do you
say need sted mean stick I have haven't
the foggiest idea
his family has peacefully ruled in
fortune for countless generations and
never has the a whiff of war mongering
come out of it
it seems out of the blue and completely
unpredictable so this is hmm is it
possible that vicious is under the
influence of whatever cult is running
fortune now there's a cult running that
place yes remember we think so there's
um yeah well you say that and and yet it
just seems unlikely that vicious is a
stern man who rules with an iron fist I
doubt he would be ousted if there is a
cult in fortune it is more likely a cult
of vicious personality something like
that how does vicious command the whole
city of these people when we went there
they seemed to be pretty violent is
vicious like some great Wizard of them's
do you know is he like us do you know of
him I know I have never met him I've
only recently been elected mayor after
eridan fell to pieces mmm I have heard
of him and I have subscribed upon a
meeting before where he was present he
had a dark demeanor spoke briefly and
when he did with absolute certainty
mm-hmm and I looked to Locke and I say
well we could um we have no leads on the
stone besides the great ship but even if
we get there I don't think I have the
power to reach it so what do you think
what should we what should we ask yours
I mean it doesn't seem like we have any
more questions for him at this time
maybe we can figure out what we could
figure out what Midori and Barba found
and then we can figure out what to do
from there I'll read your I'll read your
book fellow wizard and I'm excited to
find out what's in the book and if I can
learn to cook or other things that you
may have discovered and uncovered the
magical seasoning genius really where
it's at MSG Shores it changes the flavor
palate tremendously with very little
effort Oh pray tell could I take a
little little bit of it to to put for my
nickel parties
you'll have to read through the book
that I will fellow wizard and when we
meet again I shall come back and tell
you of my exploits yes yes um lhasa
first if you do happen to find it i am
in addition to being a neck gastro man
sir quite the diviner I would be more
than willing to examine it with you do
you need a second pair of eyes very good
very good
we will definitely come back through
here and talk to you when we know more
excellent good luck we appreciate your
hospitality fellow wizard and I wish you
well and that your life goes swell he
Pat's you on the head opens the door for
you guys and lets you walk on out is
there anything you guys want to say
before you get back to town um no I
think we'd just be okay we're good cool
cool then let's flip over to Midori and
Captain Barbeau so we're gonna go talk
to the sheriff
town Greg mmm you find him sitting in
the sheriff's station his name is darf
he's got some chain mail on with an
oaken cudgel at his side like a club a
beating stick and he's gonna description
and kids I want to kill him just telling
you what he looks like
he
got his feet kicked up on the desk he's
got a dart in his hand and he's looking
at a board that must be just to the
right of the doorway as I came in his
door gives it a toss and mutters under
his breath unhappily and then turns his
attention to you guys as you walk in ah
look it's the bard from the tavern and
the cleric of death and he stands up a
little bit more formally
I'm good evening madam hello what brings
someone of your stature to our little
sleepy town
I think we're here to ask you about your
adventures in Fortune they seem to
piqued our interest actually well you
heard the story I gave it's not much
different than that the way a rat's and
I went through the canyons of the
northern River crux found an entrance
stashed away there crawled through it
came up through the sewers popped out
near a sleepy little in snuck into the
town did our business and I have been
sworn to secrecy on the details beyond
that would a official business of a
cleric of death change your mind of
telling us the secret that we come after
I have had close brushes with death in
the past and I hope to do so in the
future so if it deserves the goddess
ferocity and keeps her off my back
perhaps goddess will be most pleased if
you choose to divulge the details I
smile at him I try to be friendly but
the smile turns out a little scary
instead you know like those like fake
smiles yeah yeah my eyes aren't ending
all right would you make me a perception
check a persuasion check I mean well um
Can I grab one of the darts and just
toss it yeah definitely give me a roll
the hit Acrobat oh just like yeah you be
hit the board
bull's eye and Dara's looking at imadori
and he sees you bullseye it and mutters
something like you're so close though
doesn't even count
under his breath clearly you know you
can see the other darts on the board
really near the bullseye which led uh
Midori continue well I don't know what
of this has to do with with the goddess
of death but we snuck into mmm we snuck
into count vicious is castle and raided
his Treasury the we're rats that hired
me or well that I was working with had
something in particular they wanted I
personally managed to swipe a few
handfuls of things here and there and
made my escape along side them and we we
went our separate ways got mostly wealth
and knickknacks
nothing nothing interesting they didn't
tell me what they took they were very
you know huddled over it and about it
where was his estate at his estate it's
on the the plateau the Mesa in town
would you guys sneak in and was your
plan of a entrance well north of fortune
the razor Brook River meets the river
crux and the razor book River isn't a
deep canyon in that Canyon the where
rats led me to a place where there was a
secret entrance into the sewer system of
fortune are you willing to give us a
precise location so
we can use the same entrance I'm not
abuse to willing the you'd be serving
the goddess of death greatly he looks at
Midori a little intimidated and says I'm
not opposed to giving it to you but uh I
you what I don't really know where it is
we were you were singing and drinking
while we were hiking down the river and
they were leading the way and I was
having a good time and they just led me
somewhere and you know then I was inside
and but it is on the river correct it's
razor Brook River right near generally
where it meets the river Crocs and
someone is thankful as me I could
probably spot it
I don't know what in sight has to do
with it but you look like a keen man
healing to undertake all sorts of risky
behaviors step a little bit away and
I'll toss another day in wasting your
own in the desk behind the desk that's
right
anyway um yeah yes do we're rats I
haven't seen since they approached me
you don't need to know why though right
he says looking at Midori
that's not none of the goddess's
business right just just getting into
for tuning in and out why did they
approach you now that you mention it
they had heard about some of my exploits
combating werewolves in the past down
down near Shire Brook and thought that I
was a clever lad who could help them
along the way
and he wanted your help they wanted my
help yes yes and they offered some small
favors in exchange it all worked out
well and I got some money out of it it
was great great adventure Griffin
right yeah sure so you don't know what I
was gonna say so you don't know what
they were looking for in st. missions
castle in fact the we're rats no no they
were mysterious and well happy after I
don't know if I would ever call them
happy but they seemed excited like they
got what they wanted
we snuck out together and went our
separate ways hmm
well um Midori do you have anything else
to ask them well we found out the secret
passage that's it it's back how many
guards are usually on same estate
there's a secret passage will take us
right inside the estate correct who said
no no no it'll take us it would take you
to the inside the town near to the the
Mesa it leads you in it avoids the wall
you know you know how they can be out
there I don't know if you know but they
can be very grisly and they are not big
fan of outsiders okay so it'll bring us
inside yeah it's a good way to get in
when they close their gates at night and
then if they don't know you're inside
you can get wherever you need to go
understood majority have any final
questions and I'll walk behind this desk
and grab a dart no I don't I'll close my
eyes take a disadvantage and over it
toss the day doesn't hit the bull's eye
but it hits the board as he noticed that
you closed your eyes oh yeah he sees you
close your eyes and like sort of hit the
board and doesn't my best he doesn't
even say anything he's just like all
right uh Midori I think we're good here
thank you very much
Darth
oh yeah thank you you've been such a
good help might have to come back to you
later for more questions if that's okay
if any come up would always be happy to
be on the good side of the greatest
goddess of all second that face smile
mm-hmm then just he's like not making
eye contact just um fantastic great good
look do you need any provisions they did
general stores just down the way you can
get them there are you willing to spot
us some cash for provisions
I'm the sheriff I can't spend the town's
budget on on that sorts of thing thank
you though okay right and sits down with
a heavy side once you guys walk out the
door and the whole party gathers
together at the end sometime later part
of them leading me at the end no yes all
right um
well what do we have what information do
we gather I know of a secret passageway
with the help of Midori we found a
secret passageway to go into fortune so
we don't have to deal with going through
the front gate and it seems st. versus
State is inside and Haman a bunch of
we're rats which are very stupid
creatures were able to sneak in so we'll
have no issues of it okay and then
Gerald you want to share what we learned
about the archives I guess in the
airship and yeah we we met an old wizard
who's a fantastic cook and he gave me a
book but I'm afraid we didn't get far
with the plans we made not much to be to
be said there is a massive ship that
floats in the sky and may hope and there
our answers may lie but to get there
requires a lot of power and it might not
be anything that I can muster I'm not
sure so we met we met at the we have the
wizard but we're not really too sure
where to go next if we want to find more
about the stone we can
we can try to get to the archive other
than that we could try to go back and
talk to the colonel that's what we
learned if you think there's anything of
value for us inside fortune can we get
anything by going into the estate of
vicious to figure out I guess more about
what's going on in that city what is
there to learn of that say like why do
we need to learn anything yeah mm-hmm
I'm not sure it seems like vicious is
really powerful wizard correct and maybe
he has knowledge of where the stone we
look for us also we know that the town
is pretty insane so yeah maybe that's a
good place to check out what do you
think amok you're taking the go at this
leadership minute I don't know I mean it
would be a big risk to go back to
fortune I guess to try to confront a
vicious do we think we can do this in a
safe manner do you think this is
possible we have a way to go in under
darkness and stealth that they couldn't
find us did they catch the party that
did it like didn't design the entrance
or okay so they don't know about the
entrance still no the party left without
I mean when you worry it's in the razor
Brook River it's a sewer entrance we can
suggest an airship right Gerald I don't
think there's a way for us to do that
right now and even if we did there's no
guarantee that we'd find anything that
we can access because I knew where it
was I could levitate myself up to it
yeah but yeah but other than that no
nothing I could I could I'm not powerful
enough to take the whole party there
first that would only be very strong
wizard that could do that is there any
reason why we could is a parlay with
vicious to find out if he would have any
information for us is there anything of
value that we can offer him well he's
not even there I don't think he well
yeah I know but if we waited from to
come would be willing to speak with us
after we killed his cleric we don't have
any idea how long until his army returns
right no we have no idea but we could go
up through his place
we can also just keep like go to another
town ask around they figure out what's
next like we could we could just keep
trying to find information instead of
like going on these leads the rats did
steal something of curiosity but I don't
know what where rats are looking for and
he didn't know either could we find the
rats he didn't know where they went
it might be worth it I don't know how
often will have an opportunity to
investigate the vicious manner or a
state once he's returned with his armies
back from the West I don't think we're
gonna have a chance to do it again
that's true maybe we should go and
investigate now and that should be our
current task and then we'll see what we
find there and then after that we'll
figure what we want to do next I think
that's fine I can take us to the
Razorback river and find the entrance to
the sewer yeah the midoriya what do you
think but it's my case then my brother's
yeah sounds good so the plan is to
immediately look for the entrance to
fortune sneaked on in and go to his
castle and look around and dig around
this [ __ ] yep chill for wheat all right
why don't we
you guys want to set off today which is
like halfway through the day already or
wait till tomorrow how long is it or
anything sixty miles are we gonna take
our mercenaries with us yeah we should
we're [ __ ] paying for them I paid
those [ __ ] okay sixty-five
miles you'll go about 12 now you'll go
like 20 miles a day so it'll take you
like three and a half days to get there
let's go oh yeah matters honestly melon
sweet off you go it's gonna be one two
before we leave am I allowed to go and
tell Bobby that we're not going to that
place yet and we'll meet back in a week
you find little Bobby with a knapsack
tied to a stick hung over his shoulder
he sees you come in he lights up huh I'm
ready I'm ready captain barb oh we're
actually on another mission Bobby and
but
I can't bring you on this one it's way
too dangerous oh how sad does he look
can you roll one through twenty on the
sadness its it's okay you've got big
things to do and and I'll just I'll just
wait here and then you're still going
you're still going to the other place
right yes I will take you there i'll
throw in silver use this just you know
taiji ogre hang out okay I'll be here
waiting for you
yep I'll be back in seven days okay
seven day okay yeah go and talk to darf
and see if he'll train you a little bit
sure yeah go talk to Shane tell him that
the deathfire trained
yeah tell him Midori the death cleric
sent you to be trained for death cleric
she looks at Midori was oh okay
Midori do you have anything to give him
like a symbol or something so he can
prove it
do you have anything to give him
inventory the bow out of your hair yeah
okay
I take the ball out of my hair and cut
gently clasp it into his hands keep this
safe do not lose thanks he holds it
reverently gently folds it up over his
hand a few times and undoes his knapsack
sets it in there gently carefully folds
the whole thing up puts it back on the
stick and goes okay
I'll go tell dark that uh varasi will
pay him handsomely for this task
Hey okay and he hurries off okay let's
head off to razor bird and this is how a
player characters start or NPC start
some weird random death cleric tells
them to go train with somebody and their
adventure begins so let's get you
through the plains yeah this no
encounters no encounters
Master encounter table I want Devon back
we still have Devon Hugh dropped him he
dropped you off in copper hill I think
he left after that he's got business
bring in Dominical oh I'm leaving
Dominic but you guys are bringing in
Captain Faden and his mercenaries are
you having them come on horseback are
you gonna have them come on foot but
okay
they will bring their own food supplies
and stuff they will follow you okay
let's take a look here random encounter
time we've got two and a half days I'm
sorry three and a half days of travel
first day is boring ly uneventful second
day is boring ly uneventful third day is
boring ly uneventful alright three days
later three and a half days later you
arrived at the river Crocs where it
meets the razor Brook River and you're
looking down a canyon into this that's
maybe a 30-foot drop here fairly sheer
there's some sandy beaches on either
side and actually no it's winter so the
river is pretty full right now so
there's no sandy beaches on either side
but you can see that the the cave what
the sides of the walls of this the walls
of the river are broken and scraggly so
there are probably a lot of caves in
here you can see some smallish caves
that the water is running into and out
of is that what he described to us was
like it was in a cave well yeah it was
okay I if I think that's what it is
it's my 18 pass section I'll point at
that and I'll be like I think that's the
entrance to where the sewer entrance is
are you guys good to go there we party
yeah we should be here okay let's head
that way then
okay so you you can search the from
above from the the Plateau before
without descending down into the cases
the river system itself or you can head
down and search from there either wading
through the water or scaling along the
cliffs on the side you're gonna have an
easier time spotting what you need if
you're down below but then you also risk
the chance of falling in to the river
I should be able to find it from the top
I think okay you do have really high
perception oh do my guess would be fine
from the top pin I'll also have my owl
help and looking for it with there you
go yeah so with the owl and the far bow
on the side you will actually find it
fairly quickly it is a small little
entranceway into a small little cave and
then there's like a sewer grate that
sort of is just dumping sludge out but
the sewer grate itself is not fully
affixed it looks like there's some
spikes that are holding it in place but
they don't look like the original ones
like someone has come in and out of this
great a few times and they keep like
spiking it back up yeah yeah I should go
to easily take them out then sure um
you're still gonna have to climb down
the wall and into this little area that
should be fine for everybody if Gerald
means you can get my bag sure I will
actually need a athletics or acrobatics
check from everybody to make it down
here and into the sewer system yeah
thank you so much I was about to ask are
we able to do it advantage wouldn't even
management nope oh my god oh my god and
last rule here I don't roll I'm with him
so I fail with him oh my god yeah
can I land on him to brace it Hawk is
making good progress down the side
hand-over-hand easily and skillfully
midori starts to come down and
immediately the first rock she puts her
weight on snaps from underneath her
she plummets 30 feet into the war on her
feet it's in the water so it's not too
bad the real issue is how much gear
she's carrying and whether or not she
can swim in it let's take a look at this
stuff
absolutely not there's no way in hell
you're gonna swim in scale male so Lily
you plummet into the water into its cool
refreshing depths and find yourself sort
of like on the bottom looking up bubbles
coming out from where you hit as shortly
thereafter another splash comes to the
next of you the side of you and captain
Barbeau you have 30 tons of gear what is
our swimming rule say post it oh so long
ago how deep is this water real quick
two times Frank sink no swim thigh
strength tread water strength normal
swimming rules so you can between 13 and
26 pounds you can carry so you also sink
really sinking yeah it's really
difficult to swim up weights the highest
weights that people can swim up are
surprisingly low I did a lot of research
for the swimming rules it's it's
surprisingly difficult to get out of a
deep water situation wouldn't have any
amount of weight on you okay so the two
of you three of you plummet into the
waters while Locke is on the cliff side
looking down below Locke what do you do
what how deep is the water it's gonna be
I think about 10 feet where you guys are
right now so not too deep but deep
enough that they can't really get out um
can I just swim up cuz I'm not
encumbered all are you done encumber no
oh well then yeah you can
I just want to yeah as long as you've
got less than twice your strength score
of wait don't you have your strength
score is
eight you can carry 16 pounds Singh
gonna be right 37 pounds this doesn't
seem like it adds up yeah it doesn't
make any sense I don't have anything why
hold on 1 4 5 6 7 7 and 5 is 12 13 14 15
oh it's your rations 15 25 and then your
water is 50 30 33 it should still only
be 33 yeah yeah doesn't matter I can cut
my rations and what and what is gonna
you dump your rations and water skin so
you just like take off your backpack
essentially no I don't do that because
I'm I'm gonna take my rations and water
skin out and Reuben swim up weights so
like you said the water is about 10 feet
deep
yeah could I uh can I like stand on the
surface and kind of like reach down and
like pick their hands up and pull them
up or no I
if you can reach 10 feet into the water
vampire arms or something well I don't
need to reach 10 feet if the water is
ten feet deep and they're standing on
the bottom if they're about five or high
up can they reach their arms like six or
seven feet okay your arm is high your
body you can probably reach and up like
40% above your height like seven percent
I would just have to reach down or could
I like put my halberd down and let them
climb up there you go yeah yeah the
halberd will help you that's fine okay
okay strength check to pull these people
out of the water though strength check
prices for Midori not a problem you pull
Midori oh and she can grasp onto the
rocks don't be mad
don't I mean I'll pull him Oh Gerald
yeah yeah okay that's her hair hold nice
I'm able to dump enough if we boy I can
it's like dumped when I can yep pull me
up pull me up okay that's four all right
you got pulled in that would have been
some plugin man how the hell is this
your weights are weird dude
I don't know what's going on here
there's something borked as hell on your
sheet yeah are you counting his money
it's the gold oh it's the gold money
weighs quite a bit yeah so you can pull
up one two three people on your your
halberd with your massive strengths and
their relative buoyancy pull them up
they can clack on to the walls and you
guys can shuffle over to the safety of
the sewer great let's get ourselves some
lovely super music going on in here guys
make your way in all right you have
entered the sewers under fortune it is
currently the middle of the day when
would you like to enter into the town
middle a day wait for night night yeah
like a full moon or anything make a
suggestion just real quick I mean I mean
this is a group of like vampires slash
wolves maybe it actually would be I mean
smarter to walk into the mansion in the
day because they might just all be
asleep
I mean Midori's blade should still be
blessed right I mean do we have any sort
of known brings up a really good point
of them holy damage or well I just think
why don't we just like go in now and
then like all Scott we can scout ahead
and then if there's like it's just like
an active manner and there's lots of
people and if we can wait till night if
there isn't then we just go in cuz by if
they're all vampires they're gonna be
asleep right now this is the best thing
I go yeah yeah III agree with the
principle we should rest then and we'll
go on first thing in the morning so we
have maximum amount of time to search
okay that's good yeah see you guys spend
the night in the sewer so coy boot can I
am royal rule where are you for a minute
I'd love to okay yeah cuz I know chat
loves this the most of all
risky's got to do this real quick for
war magic there's a a level the power
surge ability uh-huh
it's kind of like interesting so the way
that it works is it's not a very strong
ability in fact it actually really sucks
you can spend a power surge to do extra
damage to a target and that is half your
wizard level so it's literally three
damage but the number of power surges
you get at the end of every short rest
is one so so if I cast an alarm and then
I dispel it which are both ritual spells
right
I can I can then gain power surges
overnight so I can get like two or three
would that be reasonable to just do at
the end of a short rest to do do you
gain spells back after a short rest yeah
yeah arcane recovery gives me um back
how many spells to get back for short
rest it depends on it depends on arcane
recovery and the what level of spell I
use so if we're for you right now how
many spells could you theoretically get
back it depends on how many I spell how
many I use so if I use a third level
spell and I aren't make our arcane
recovery I think I can get to level 3
slots back I have to I have to check
this yeah but but uh it's half here was
a level of spells but why do you ask
half your wizard level in spell levels
so right now you can get three spell
levels back let me double-check hang on
since weird
[Music]
half your wizard level routed up so like
at level five I can get three level one
spells what one level two one level one
or one level three so at six it's three
so I can get three double ones three
double yeah yeah this works fine with me
okay cuz then the economy is such that
you will always be losing spell slots
even if you were to sit around casting a
first level spell and then dispelling it
with a third level spell and then you
are can recover you get your third back
but you lose your first so in theory you
exchange a first level spell slot for a
power surge at a rate of one per day
that's correct yes yeah okay so I'll
tell you if I'm gonna do that but then
other words otherwise I have a power
surge every time yeah one power surge
right now yeah yeah every time but no
matter what right these are terrible
it's a terrible ability I mean like in
my opinion it should just get two or
three around because it's so terrible
it's literally three days yeah that's
pretty terrible yeah so so like if
you're cool just giving me two or three
without wasting a spell slot that make
everything easier nope I'm not cool with
that waster spell slots it's effectively
not a skill to use because like there's
no point in taking three damage over and
first almost fell off I think that all
the classes are balanced in different
ways and if you have like a week six
level ability that's because it's trying
to balance out stronger second level
abilities or something you know okay
we're good yep just wanted to just want
to run run you through it cool
thanks thanks okay alright so sewers you
rest for the day let's see if there are
any sewer encounters can we make a hut
for the night yeah you can Hut in the
sewer and it's fine and it passes the
rest of the day passes the night passes
and the next morning dawns on you I
think you've been so well rested that
you're probably waking up at the first
rays of light even though you're in a
canyon in a little hole
there has been no sign of monster in the
sewers you have seen some crocodiles in
the river but they don't bother you I
guess it's time to explore them so we
only get like ten of the sewers into the
city or is this like a maze just follow
the flow of the water always head uphill
right if you follow where the water is
flowing from you will eventually find
its source and if it's the sewer system
eventually we'll find wherever it comes
through great and that's exactly what
happens after maybe a couple hours of
walking through this area because it's
kind of slow going it's a little short
you have to hunched over the seven of
you eight of you because you've got
Faden and his three mercenaries with him
arrived at fortune you know you come up
a little ladder and there's a manhole
cover and you can hear people walking
around on the streets above it seems
like everyone in this city is a sleeping
right now it's the early morning well I
think I think that the Empire's are the
nobles I think everybody here is like
normal so I think the manor itself will
be like the the place where the vampires
are they'll be asleep I think yeah do
you think people are gonna look
strangely on us leaving a sewer the
early we did not go into the city well
the sewer system leads into the city it
doesn't lead into the key it doesn't it
leads into the city but but it puts us
nearish his estate right yeah but but
only into the city yeah oh man I don't
know what to do this [ __ ] Bell boys
okay go who wants to be the first one
through its lock who decides what we do
well do we really want to just charge in
here I mean it's gonna look pretty bad
all of us coming out of the sewer we
could wait till um night and then go and
then go inside of his estate and like
camp out somewhere yeah and then waits
all morning or we just check out the
hose date and see what's happening
how about like um how about like I take
it can I like go up and just like take a
peek like lift the sewer lid and just
kind of like peek around to see people
are like keenly interested or is this
city like so bustling like I'm thinking
of like like in a large city where
people are moving like say in New York
City right if somebody were to come out
of a sewer I don't think anybody would
care notice because it's right well like
in a really slow up in place people
might be more interested can I just kind
of like lift the lid and kind of check
around and see little bit and look
around you can see that you're sort of
in an alleyway ish and right next to the
alleyway is this tavern and that there
are a few people in the alleyway kind of
just lounging about leaning against a
wall they look like you know city bums
or whatever and then the people in the
street on the you know not in the
alleyway are moving around but probably
wouldn't notice you the morning light
creates a very shady spot in this alley
as projected by the tammer okay yeah
then I shot down I think we're safe to
come up guys just kind of stay quiet and
then but I keep just real quick yeah we
at work enemies in this town like we
pissed off untold amounts of people we
could there could be pictures of us
there could be like we have to consider
that right possible point yeah they were
like 10 or 15 people I don't know if
every single person in the city will
remember us there's not many people
literally quick hey yeah I know I know
we do I'm just try to make it there's no
yeah yeah I mean I guess I mean we
either run the risk here of the people
in the alleyway noticing us actually I'm
sorry so there is their like junk down
here can we like make like little it's
not baklava what am I thinking of what
are the names like the black masks that
people were they rob banks yes yeah
there's like a fancier name for this
wait wait it's like a bakla or a but
what am I thinking of or about a Bela
Bullock lava balaclava maybe yeah is
there like junk down here in the sewers
where we can just like kind of like make
face coverings or whatever like
discarded like clothes or something or
they're not in the sewers but you have
your own clothes on you and I think you
all have a change of clothes on you and
you could shred your own clothes to me I
mean I can cast prestidigitation to make
that happen anyway oh well then why just
do that press education will dirtier
clothes but it won't give you a mask to
wear right yeah yeah yes let's make you
look like dirty bums yeah I mean that we
should be able to cover our faces right
but I guess we can't really walk through
the city like that I don't know how like
strangely I just the thing I don't want
to the only thing I don't want to do is
get into another situation where we're
surrounded by 5,000 people and I have to
fireball everybody in like there's
anything we can do then besides wait for
yeah we should go for stealth this time
okay then I guess we're gonna camp out
here again we're gonna wait for night
and then we'll move closer at night yeah
are we really worried about city bums
like noticing us because he said that
everybody else is like hustling pretty
hard I don't think anybody's gonna be
looking for our face or anything my
place isn't that far
yeah but the risk is so great if
somebody doesn't notice us it's gonna be
very awkward and we have to leave the we
have to leave the alley yeah okay yeah
so let's just wait wait for a night you
guys wait till night eventually it gets
dark
this will be the night before the new
moon so it's almost as dark as it's
gonna get here sounds good new moon
doesn't mean FOMO right new moon means
no moon yeah okay gotcha
all right um yeah then I lift the sewer
and weed I wait for the everybody else
to come up to the top okay all right you
all step out into the streets of fortune
it is a chilly evening there are some
storm clouds that have gathered over the
course of the day and a light cold rain
falls on you in the middle of winter it
is a January 4th or the the night of
January 4th good morning January 4th
do you find yourself very near to the
Mesa that rises up sharply before you
you're on the north side of town okay um
I mean we should probably start heading
closer to the estate all right you can
creep through the streets there are
eight of you so I would like can I get
stealth checks from the party for moving
quietly and I'll just roll for the NPC
can I give Locke advantage and this doll
check with mine sure so your main wocka
yes oh my god that's the best I've ever
rolled this campaign beautiful and
captain Hayden I'm ruined like Barbeau
dudes okay you guys make your way along
the edge of the cliff captain Deighton
and his guards who have been silent up
until now even if the day-and-a-half
sitting in a sewer with the the journey
to fortune which they really wanted to
get away from and that's why they let
you hire them was to get away from
fortune and now here they're back
he finally speaks up saying uh hmm I
don't know about poor view but that's a
tall cliff how the hell are we all gonna
get up there
wait what cliff the cliff the Mesa in
town
do you remember so the middle so let me
draw fortune again for you guys it's a
roughly square city with a craggy mesa
on one side and rivers that flow around
it sort of
that's all is this Mesa and how steep is
this is this like a vertical drop right
yeah it's a sheer cliff it's about 30
feet you guys are somewhere over on that
corner of it
you entered somewhere over here and then
the sewer system is sort of like
ranching and whatnot they were marked
passages that led you this way
I still have my ice pick are we able to
climb using that or no wait where I
don't the sewer right yeah you guys are
out of a sewer you can climb this but
it's going to be a skill check to
climate and captain Faden is a little
bit worried about his zeroth level
henchman with you guys or you know first
level fighters or whatever they are um
they those guys probably camp out in the
sewers and wait for us to return mm-hmm
I think that'd be best
is there a better way to get up this is
the front door there is a switchback
that goes up the front to the B thing
but like that's in plain view of the
entire town got up this is the like
sneaky back way up we have rope right is
this the spot where you want to do it
right here on the corner whatever we
think the best about is I guess yeah
where are we going oh yeah we might as
well find right let's do it
you guys scale can I get athlete's ixora
batiks checks from the party I'm gonna
get in with barb oh oh my god
I'm bringing up did you not make this
Lily no no LOC did not make oh but you
gave lock advantage right mm-hmm stealth
checks only okay so LOC and Lily are
going to struggle with this you try and
make your way up here but the the cliff
is just from Midori it's it's too slick
you can't quite get your hands on it and
forelock your armor is just too heavy
and like you step somewhere and it
starts to give and you put your weight
on a root and start to pull and the you
know the roots begins to pull out of the
the ground the two of you are having a
hard time getting up here mr. Mouton
gracefully climbing hand over hand no
problem abso having a bit of an issue
with this particular section can we do a
rope down yeah sure do you have thirty
feet of rope fifty probably don't you I
don't I don't well then no you don't
have a roof did anyone else bring rope
someone's got rope right I don't think
so we had it all don't tell on the
decking I didn't take it off all righty
then so captain Barbeau and Gerald get
to the top of the cliff and right here
at the top of this cliff is a tower
right on this this spot if you had been
a couple blocks over you would have had
a view to see it but the parallax lets
you not see it from the spot where you
started climbing it's empty and dark
it's maybe five stories tall
I mean I'm gonna wait for my party -
yeah we can we can wait ten minutes to
make them and do another DC check sure
the party's gonna have to probably find
a better spot so they will move down the
cliff a little bit to another place and
I will give a town another chance to
spot them which they don't give me
another climbing check am I allowed can
i boost Midori to give her advantage on
it you could only boost her like six
feet at most I don't think that would
give her it's only at 30 feet cliff
that's almost 1/10 away there 1/10
advantage why don't you just make your
check oh my god
chuckles Locke gets up but Midori is
down below Satan makes it up as well I
thought we said we were leaving them in
those look them away okay I thought we
were just leaving the little one guards
not dating things I mean we should leave
cuz they're gonna get slaughter
different leg up there just in the sewer
if a breeze rolls then they're gonna die
if their level zero whatever we're
paying this guy [ __ ] bring him you
don't need to do
he's already believe I'm in the sewer
though we also feel like reasonably like
safe that they've kept it safe like I
guess the way that I see it is I don't
see him like helping us at all like
theta is never gonna be the difference
between us accomplishing something or
not but having them in the sewer makes
me feel good like as at least we know
it's reasonably safe to go down see if
they didn't scared yeah I agree
excellent they didn't stays down below
so all the parties up except for Midori
you're down below they scrambled up past
you it's been a tough couple of days for
you here Midori how you feeling about
this really just scary starina yeah but
can't even climb a frickin wall hey
Frank
mm-hmm I just wanna Lee right now it is
incredibly hard and it's taking all of
his friendliness for Locke not to
whisper down to Midori to say a prayer
to help her climb better but he's not
saying that okay I she picked the wrong
God me what is there nothing we can do I
can't like leave my halberd down fertile
like climb or anything again right she
can keep looking for another place to
climb but each time she fails there's a
chance that someone of the town sponsor
I'm just all so weak you know we can
keep going yeah sure I mean we have no
crack let's give it another shot town
rolls uh-huh uh-huh
there you go you make it up this time
Midori hopefully not spotted by the
people below so maybe this 20 minutes
after exiting with sewers the whole
party is up in on the the Mesa 30-foot
high Mesa the castle walls or the city
walls sort of run along and then
once they hit the Mesa they bulk up and
continue on the Mesa itself so the walls
this side are like 60 feet down to
ground level on the other and heavily so
are we through those walls or do we
still need to scale those walls no
you're here you're on the Mesa you're
sitting the castle is that way okay so
we can begin to head that way on foot
mm-hmm yep yep you make your way to the
castle a bit by bit it's a creepy dark
vampire console yeah
the Midori do you have any ability to
detect dead things dead things are
undead things undead things no well you
know be sure
I don't see any yeah
so I think our goal is to get reasonably
close to or tucked away somewhere inside
this castle and to kind of camp out
until day time that's our goal here yep
I want to send the owl up quietly like
maybe to like oh went near windowsills
and maybe I can see anything going on
inside equipment sure your owl flutters
up to a window it's a nice big
stained-glass window and looks on in
from your Al's vantage point you can see
an empty out Chapel there are spots for
all of the Gods to be you know statues
of all the gods to be standing but there
are none there and their place is just
emptiness the pews are missing it
clearly has the layout of a temple or
all the instruments in it are gone so
there's there's a chapel but this is
like a key right there are some other
rooms there are the other rooms I can
explore like right yeah yeah your Alcon
flutter from room to room and with each
room you go to you get more and more of
the same impression that it's an empty
castle some rooms are burned some rooms
are just devoid of anything some have
crumbling architecture and then like
rocks have fallen eventually you hit
upon a room that is shaped like a that's
parlor it's got some nice soft velvety
couches although they look quite ancient
some little end tables with crystalline
flasks with dark-colored liquids in them
probably some sort of liquor or it looks
empty
everywhere you look you know everything
on the north side of the estate
here's a perception check just to see if
there's any like nevermind
nice I know why even try yeah sure let
me rule I can't rip all rules we're
really waiting for you know uh-huh
[ __ ] okay
the the whole place looks empty not like
it's been traveled in like there's
nobody there hmm wait yeah well there's
no one on this side can we just camp out
outside like in a hidden area and tiny I
mean the party is actually empty there's
just a lil a north side you've made it
sound like right yeah yeah the part that
I could find yeah should we just wait
till morning just in case
come on out I think it's safe now but
well can't we talk ourselves away inside
and then camp until morning make another
cut and wait till morning
mm-hmm sure okay we do that yeah so you
look for the front door a side door
broken window the climb onto the roof
and look for a way down how do you want
to get into the into the castle um I'm
guessing the owl look through some
windows can we just go to one of those
that was empty yeah yeah yeah you can
find an empty window on ground level
or an empty room on ground level the
glass is still intact in the window but
your big strong people with heavy
objects you could break the window and
slip in I don't want to just break the
window that's it's it's really old glass
right sure probably do you think I could
like eat like push the pane and like
grab it out intact not like [ __ ]
break it give me a sleight-of-hand check
to see if you can find a loose window
and skilfully slip it away I'm gonna get
a high roll on this though dad will do
it 18 was the magic number yeah you find
a window pane that's just a little bit
wobbly and with the right amount of
pressure you can kind of like tip it and
as it begins to fall you reach over and
camera and then you know it's a small
window it's only maybe like two and a
half feet wide at the most it's like a
little square but you can slip in
through that followed by the rest of the
party and even replace the windowpane
this leads you into what was probably a
bedroom but it's barren and empty
there's a chandelier that's hanging up
but it's like broken rotted-out wood
attached to a rope that comes down near
a door all the furniture in here is gone
there's like one like pile of splinters
and sticks that might have been a
dresser once upon a time back in one
corner there are black scorch marks
where there used to be candelabras
holding candles here but that's all
faded there's a thick layer of dust over
everything does it look like it's been
inhabited or anybody's traveled in
anything anytime recently no you're
making tracks in the dust just by
walking through here and there's nothing
else that does so I need a Russian no
one's been here for decades maybe
centuries censure how long ago is it the
bishops lab do we know yeah he left last
week a couple weeks okay that's
interesting all right
this is his keep this is his castle this
is weird tiny yet yeah it's pretty tiny
leave okay yep so we should make a
little Hut up here and then wait for
morning and then we can start
investigating yeah I also want to I also
want to cast a detect magic as a ritual
to just kind of like see what's going on
around here absolutely looking for
illusions looking for anything that's
kind of like a little bit out of place
let's take a look at the magic spell
did you do blocked by one foot stone one
inch of common metal a thin sheet of
lead or three feet of wood or dirt okay
so these are stone walls all about you
it's a stone castle right so you can't
see anything beyond this room except
through that the doorway itself yeah
there's nothing in this room that's
magical through the door which you can't
see what it is
look doesn't mean there's nothing
magical through the door either but you
don't know if it leads into like a stone
hallway on the other side or if it opens
into like the giant treasure chamber
yeah
okay and so but I think there's another
thing about the tech magic is you have
to tell me a certain school if I named
it right there's no illusion magic here
at all like no illusion it's no magic
magic okay we can set up a tiny Hut in a
reasonable place and I'm gonna set a
couple of alarms okay yeah excellent you
set your alarms and you guys wait for
the night to pass and for it to become
day this is going to be the second night
in three dates that you've all spent
together huddled in a tiny cut mm-hmm
and then you spent one other night like
huddled in a sewer so you're all in
pretty close quarters for a long period
of time and you've been having some
serious party infighting as of late
Midori what is it like being crammed in
with these people when you've been
having such vicious arguments with them
I'm okay with gerald and Captain barbell
I'm just kind of keeping my distance
from Locke because he doesn't trust me
anyway is there palpable tension or are
you like tension yeah yeah what about
You captain barb oh how are you feeling
being crammed with all these people
after such a tough patch captain Bravo
you know he kept his head cool the
entire time he heard midoryama and her
complaints and you know what he did side
with Midori a little bit but he has no
bad will towards Locke so he's just kind
of hanging out making the funniest jokes
the party's ever heard who just
nice can you roll for those funniest
jokes yeah what do I'm into wrong you
can tell me a joke or you can make me a
persuasion check um what about deception
trick can I like deceive them I do the
funny gun sure yeah yeah
wow it's pretty good we shouldn't have
this guy stop rolling and actually do
stuff I think I think like rule 20 is
broken for Lucas I mean that's a natural
17 anyway it's still an amazing role
regardless it's weird it's broken it's
so gross yeah it is what about you lock
um lock actually feels okay he's just
has his mind focused on the mission and
making sure everybody stays safe and
that's what he's worried about right now
what's up so no outbursts you're getting
along things are going well quietly yeah
we're doing fine we have our the task is
set before us that's what my mind is
100% focused on right now Jarrell
gentleman is happy but he wants to read
his cookbook that he has gotten from the
gastro master hmm I mean days now to
read this cookbook right you've just
been sitting in these dark these like
sewers and huts and [ __ ] reading yeah I
cast prestidigitation to create like a
little now that can pronounce that where
I just want to cast that spell a lot
more like to create like a little flame
and like just like read the book under
flame light uh-huh yeah it's an
interesting book it talks about well we
won't worry about it now but it's an
interesting book on the use of magic in
cooking there any spells no it lists
spells that you should use for certain
purposes definitely but it doesn't teach
spells
okay I'm gonna I'm gonna use some
prestidigitation again to like spice up
some of the rations for the party
tonight
with with some of the suggestions in the
book yeah and you know what it works out
pretty well your rations aren't bland
and tasteless they're delicious
they're great okay yeah at the end of
the book you do find in a small little
hand note that says book one of four
book two flavors of the arcane book
three summon your meat book for Charming
the stomach this is how many are mean
it's a great spell summoning hear me
okay great ideology grinder baby
gadget all right
eventually the Sun comes up in the
castle and all the restless spirits in
here fade away it's worth noted that you
heard nothing in here you know I mean
maybe like some wolves out in the the
plains but over the course of the night
it's just been still wait what was that
sense and all the restless spirits just
fade away what did you be like that
nothing true mm-hmm
it's daytime in the creepy old castle
alright um we're all awake what is like
the size of this castle can we feel like
we can reasonably investigate this all
as a group in a single day or yeah it's
a large castle you're expecting there's
probably 60 rooms or so scattered
throughout this place but if you stick
together and keep close eye on each
other you won't get lost and you'll be
able to eventually cover the whole thing
in a day
let's now boys rather than giving you a
map and having you search room by bloody
room which would be boring and take
forever I just want you guys to have one
person make me a perception check and
depending on how good that perception
check is you'll find stuff sooner or
later I got a retro that's Barbara yeah
oh wait I just rolled really well for
the past here I think all right I'll do
it even if you you get it I mean your
god yes yes yeah yeah what it's so
natural
what are the highest D C and D and E is
twenty I mean like it's it's it's you
literally roll like yeah I didn't roll
it well right only in a 13 you're just
that good Lucas I know all right so you
start walking around right away and
Captain Barbossa
I've looted my share of tombs in the
past guys the treasure is that way and
sure enough he's spot on he's got a nose
for it's almost like he can smell the
gold and after a couple of turns you
find yourself in this like large throne
room there's these comfortable pillows
laying all about the floor there's a
raised Dyess on which a a throne sits
that has been it looks like the copper
around the edges of it has been polished
recently but the velvety fabric that you
sit and lean against is quite old it's
not dusty like the rest of the place
there are all sorts of dark colored
silks like deep greens and browns and
grays and blacks dangling from the
ceiling and kind of coming out to
various sections there's thin sheets of
fabric draped throughout the middle of
this this throne room that almost
segments it off into an odd maze but the
back door behind the throne and to the
right a little bit
it's definitely the treasure chamber
that even says Treasury like on the
stone above the door I've been through a
lot of castles looting a lot of places
and no one puts their treasure in a room
that says Treasury
I mean it's possible that they wouldn't
expect anybody from the town to even
come in here so maybe it could be can I
do like a perception check to look
around I guess for traps or something
that's kind of what I'm worried about
yeah no traps no traps trap free all
right let's go the door guys trap I can
I cast the tech magic and check just
like if there's anything magic around
here totally as a ritual right a
10-minute schedule yep
yep it is a non-magical room no magical
things in it okay all right well let's
go in and check the doors lock oh I use
tools can I pick it
ah give me a sleight of hands can I
persuade the door to open and you also
find yourself stopped by this lock it's
definitely not something that you're
gonna be able to do easily you can sit
and try it again and again but it's
gonna take more Oh or Devon can just
knock it down I can but that's a spell
so I can we not do that are you saying
Koba you can continue to try over and
over again but subsequent attempts will
take ten minutes each I'll try one more
time then we'll knock right sure no no
this is too strong of a lock for you
barbells it's been a while since you
picked anything you know
Gerald sighs walks quietly over to the
door and gives it a gentle tap thank you
okay the door swings open after a couple
of like couch sorts of noises the the
bar that goes across the inside of the
door has been like pushed off right this
will undo barred right so the metal bar
comes off with either little hinges that
hold it up and the door swings open
inside is the Treasury there are piles
of gold in stone coffers like literal
like coffin style coffers there are
weapons strapped to the walls there are
all sorts of shiny little pretty things
all over the place
there are coffins coffers they're like
large things filled with gold and I
think it's a this point Gerald that you
begin to realize that this is a door
with only one entrance and it was barred
from the inn's which is theoretically
impossible unless there's someone in
here still I would just further record I
would like you to remain like standing
right on the outside of the door as
people filter in yeah I'm gonna back out
immediately and I'm gonna start casting
detect magic as soon as I can I don't
know I don't even know if I'm gonna have
ten minutes but before we before we do
anything I wanted tech magic into there
like before we dig another step so are
you are you gonna cast as a spell
slaughter as ritual as a ritual so
you're gonna take ten minutes now that
you've opened the treasury door to cast
the spell well nothing just nothing
happened immediately so yeah so anything
that's gonna happen is gonna happen
anyway whether I cast it or not
so yes okay Gerald begins to clear the
space begin to chant the words to the
detect magic ritual making large
gestures small gnome and that is when
the monsters strike yeah dropping from
the ceilings are a pack of gargoyles
above us are in the room in the room
from within the room
we have gargoyles already ready to go so
the guys the tech magic wouldn't have
mattered it could have detected to the
guard wasn't gonna tech us two seconds
later all right so we for properties
were steel weapons or metal weapons
do they not take damage when you strike
stone or is it just the same as a normal
weapon they do steel the metal type only
has matters against other metals so
steel against copper matters but not
steel against stone yeah Bo diamond I
don't know if I'm remember or if I'm
making this up but like this do steal
weapons get damaged the same way that
normal weapons do when they strike stone
oh I'm see what you're saying yes side
so we can see what word here is our
treasury door in it and that is the side
of this Dyess well drilled casting is a
thing can I kinda spell real quick sure
what style are you gonna cast shield a
faith on myself lovely it's nice thank
you that's okay so here's the the throne
the Dyess the door the gargoyles are on
the inside and why don't we roll for
initiative
how do I do that when I'm not okay click
on your your gnome okay and let's see
Gerald was by the door looking in to
cast a spell no I specifically said I
was backing out like as soon as you open
your by the door yeah you're by the door
looking in you're not within the door
and then we've got lock Midori and Barb
over hill around way shouldn't do I have
to be back here
can I uh well I think no one was between
Gerald in the door cuz he's casting a
spell through the door right he's ritual
casting something would I be able to be
like to the side of the door I guess
that's fine yeah that's I was casting
the spell like far away but but it
doesn't matter because I'm coming for
all right Gerald you're going first war
magic okay um I am going to cast what
tell me about the cover in the area
first the hard cover is just the walls
and the chair that I've drawn everything
else is like dangling silks okay I'm
going to cast hypnotic pattern into the
room my new spell I'm going to wave my
hand over my eyes and like a highlighted
like like it's light like spills into
the room into the gargles they have to
each make a wisdom save
honestly Gerald I think you should just
fire bolos uh no I don't need to do it
okay I don't really want to attack these
gargoyles so it's gonna be we have the
same shirt with a hypnotic pattern you
create a twisting pattern of colors that
weaves through the air inside a 30-foot
cube within range the pattern appears
for a moment in vanished it's each
creature in the area who sees the
pattern must make a wisdom saving throw
on a failed save the creature becomes
harm to the duration while charmed by
the spell the creatures incapacitated
has a save of zero the spell ends for an
affection creature if it takes any
damage or if someone else uses an action
to shake the creature out of the stupor
so we just go one by one through them
yeah I can't I don't I don't want to
it'll destroy our weapons what when you
attack stone creatures you have to roll
every time you attack and you lose one D
whatever on your weapon attack your
weapons like an asteroid attacking
structures 3 yeah but if if Miami it's a
safe this is my DC right yes what's your
DC its high isn't it it's like to be on
it should be 16 so three of them pass
and three of them fail yeah so the lock
if I fireball the room everything and it
explodes already took my action too but
if I fireball the the room everything
explodes lose all the treasure we'd lose
all the treasure yet mmm and and any
information we had any reason to be here
so I could get destroyed gold it would
cause it would be a quest or [ __ ] this
not even Noah would have you'd get the
weight of the material but you would
like you'd lose all the valuable objects
it just melted down into the crap anyway
Gerald yes I'm gonna go into cover
behind the chair
and next up is one of the Charmed
gargoyles its charmed its speed is zero
and it's incapacitated so it does
nothing and the next gargoyle is also
charmed incapacitated and doing nothing
Midori it is your turn I'm going to take
she'll touch - laughs my they fly feet
apart
yes make sure guys make sure to attack
the guard goes there a notch arm okay so
uncle for the two in the middle yep can
you mark the ones that are charming
somehow I have critical on both of them
for a ton of damage Midori you hit them
each for 18 Captain Barbeau your turn
can I just ready an attack yes all right
the first gargoyle flutters out and
you're ready to tack goes off actually
hold on as the guard girl like tries to
step towards the door am i able to swing
at him just stop it out yep
you can use your Sentinel is it yeah
manage right I don't what I get
advantage cuz where you were flanking
because I want to stop him in the room
from even coming up oh you want to stop
him in this in the doorway yeah yeah
that's fine
okay so I swing for an attack and you
miss
all right and then it comes all the way
out and Barbeau is ready attack was off
yeah okay I have my short-sword out and
my shield so 21 will hit for ten and
seven right yeah okay - 17 - The
Gargoyle lock your turn comes along I'll
go ahead and take an attack I guess 22 -
hit 13 damage already and I will need
you to make me a what was the role we
did last time for this so you don't we
did it 1 to 20 and it's if you get a 4
or lower you take damage on your weapon
that sound right yes and I don't believe
you in the slightest can I go 20 and it
was an eye roll like a persuasion check
I think it's like okay 10 or lower is a
damaged 50/50 geez oh you're kidding
stone with with a metal weapon right
captain uberaba doesn't get two attacks
with a sword does he the other text as a
bonus action so no so I'm rolling a 1 d
20 and you're looking for an 11 or
higher yes not even damage the door
fingers sharpen my player nice the
creature is still alive wait really
yep it still stands okay and you're not
using a non-magical weapon right it
absolutely took up half of what you did
they are resistant to non magical
weapons
man okay I'll just chill here for
another this magic weapon need to roll
that nope magic weapons are do not get
told this weapon is dope
the next gargoyle stands mute the next
one is going to come to the door
shove past this guy and oh so many
little bits of juicy but it's gonna go
straight for Midori it's sort of like
screams as it flies at you with that
it's good I think I think as that one
comes out I think I'll take a swing at
it yeah you can do I get an opportunity
tech since he left man 2 yeah I think
he's still within 5 feet of you know
he's clip are enough go ahead and give
me a roll to hit and then a [ __ ] I know
miss really this is minus 15 AC to hit
does do I get the do I get the advantage
as he's coming out or whatever or for
the flank no cuz he you said while he
was coming out which would've been in
the doorway which is still no advantage
all right
the gargoyle gets to Midori screaming
while it flies towards you and will make
two attacks one with its bite seven to
hit four for damage which is a Miss and
the other is a claw at you which
completely wildly misses the last
gargoyle on the inside also makes Secret
Intelligence check and this one will
pass and it will come over here and
sheikha wait wait what the
they can't wake up until it spells over
I think the if it takes any damage or if
someone else uses an action to shake the
creature out of its stupor it's the
lessons of the spell so what did you do
so the the gargoyle is going over to the
to one of the three that didn't do
anything and it's shaking it spread and
it's like what are you doing he may not
pretty smart gargoyle to do that yeah it
is it's full action and I did give it an
in check beforehand the other two failed
therein checks beforehand
damn it is Stephen Hawking the gargoyle
here we go okay it is Gerald's turn
expecting to end a fight with a single
spell yeah I stopped too far okay let's
see the low HP one mmm-hmm
I will past
what would this would they take extra
damage from force damage like twice like
to 2x damage usually stone gargoyles do
that sounds like it might work then um
what I'll do is I'll I'll cast fire
bolts edit the very wooded one mm-hmm
and and then I'll add well I guess I
don't need to yeah good one
yes we'll destroy it it crumbles the
dust at your feet and then I'm just
gonna reposition a little bit behind the
chair and hide it like just like a like
I just made a move slightly against that
corner so I can kind of like hide a
little bit better yeah okay nice these
next to gargles are both still stuck in
the hypnotic pattern and it becomes
Midori's turn I'm gonna do the same
thing shall touch do it 10 is not good
enough no you try and touch one of these
gargoyles and it just it doesn't hit the
gargoyle is too fast
despite its stony exterior captain barb
oh it's your turn if I moved here
couldn't the gargoyle inside absolutely
I'm gonna smack on the girl inside with
two attacks
one that is 18 and 9 is 27 damage right
yeah no no no that is 16 and 9 is 25
damage I can do that and that's your two
attacks locks turn I'm gonna wait I'm
gonna move to here cuz I get the right
thank you fancy footwork mm-hmm
so there are five monsters alive right
now right I mean I count nine monsters
alive but there are five enemies nice
very demon am i able to just take an
attack with my polar master like use the
blunt edge of my weapon to strike yeah
if you just want to do that that's fine
okay I should have a flank on on I'm
clicking on that bottom left gargoyle
right because of Midori yep okay 4 7 - /
- 3 is it double since it's bludgeoning
damage don't know slashing wait Oh cuz
not magic weapons okay um all right I'll
just leave it at that for now and then
i'll take a dodj or it or do a dodge or
whatever you've already used your action
to make your attack right well the polar
masters a bonus action right yeah but it
only works if you then if you use your
attack action right so you have to make
the use the attack action and then only
use your bonus action of it oh okay in
that case I'll just move here to like
block the store then and then that's it
okay the first gargoyle tries to push
past its brethren and claw at you it's
going to be squeezed while it makes
these attacks so they will be at
disadvantage because two creatures by
the same square well so at disadvantage
comes the bite lucky you and that
disadvantage comes the claws both of
them just hit against your armor and do
absolutely nothing and the gargoyle sort
of steps back at the end of the round
still within 10 feet of uses only two
minutes way the next gargoyle is the one
on Midori and this one is going to
pounce on you Midori it just
tries to tackle you to the ground I want
you to make me an opposed athletics
check versus you want to meet or beat
this number well you get it it goes to
launch itself on you you crepes Felice
Thep to the side give it a push and The
Gargoyle like tumbles down these steps
before getting back onto all four Clause
raising its wings and it will fly on its
next term The Gargoyle inside takes a
spot in the doorway and tries to eat
block actually it's gonna do the same
thing it's gonna try not block down give
me an opposed athletics versus naima
yeah it tries to knock you down to make
way from for the others but it fails
Gerald it's your turn
okay
okay here we go this rhyme I own hey
gargle you're made of stone that means
your dumb is rock and now you won't join
the rest of your flock and I point to
the Dargaville that has the HTP that's
behind the other gargoyle does not
wounded yet but still awake and I'll
cast Tasha's hideous laughter what sort
of save is it wisdom these dumb
gargoyles find humor in things well they
can wake up each other so yeah this one
thinks you are hilarious so funny it's
gotta go wake up his buddies and tell
him all your jokes okay just kidding
it's real good it's real good
those two burials are done doing
anything this one is laughter when
plastered it is it's just luckily what
you have here is a concentration spell
which will break hypnotic patterns
concentration which then frees these two
from their chopper at you that's good
okay you make mistakes you don't
metagame it's what I love
Midori what everybody yeah won't be
damaged if I attack dumbest mistake on
my part no magic weapons are not dulled
by hitting stone this is a magic soy the
charging sword that you've got remember
you run it people and yeah okay yeah I
want to use them can hit them
you are not close enough to charge
unfortunately Canada's easy to attack
them yeah you could make a normal attack
that's fine I have to roll again for
that musical the 11 is not gonna be good
enough to hit it unless you have an
advantage for some reason I don't well
11 is a bringing it down on the side of
the gargoyle it kind of hits the wing
and grazes off sending little bits of
stone to the floor Barbeau we got here
14 is amiss 16 we'll hit it with a 17
Blaine 17 plus 12
what right yeah you get the sneak attack
so that is gonna be 29 damage to the
gargoyle see ya it still lives but just
barely
you can't see it but it's got two HP
yeah next up is lock I'm just gonna
continue to hold the door and I will use
a dodge action kind of look like Hodor
he's [ __ ] ov you know he knows I got
him gargoyle comes up next this one is
the one bound by touches uncontrollable
hideous laughter so it does nothing the
one between Midori and Barbeau takes off
as I said it would
it hops to flight provoking attacks of
opportunity from both of you before it
dive bombs lock from behind so give me
your attacks Midori and Barbeau 23 will
hit it 15 will hit it together you guys
shred this thing breaking it into
hundreds of small pieces of stone
literally ground around you the gargoyle
on the inside tries to knock you down
one more time lock
give me an athletics check
yeah it pushes up against you trying to
batter you down using the weight of its
stone body but it just clings to your
plate mail and eventually you hops off
at the beginning of the round there
comes a ghostly ghastly wail that
permeates through the entire tyranny of
the castle I need everybody in a party
to make me a constitution saving throw
isn't that can I dodge the sound waves
with dexterity you cannot it's daytime
isn't it it is daytime the whale that
goes throughout the gargoyles
immediately look around to each other
and like shrink down low to the ground
those of you that fail the save which it
looks like Midori and Devon will take
3d6 I get damaged boys if you take eight
psychic damage I'm sorry on a failure
you drop to 0 HP unless you take three
to six damage so Midori and Gerald
instantly like fall to the ground
unconscious please know you're at zero
HP
those that pass take 11 so Locke takes
11 Barbra takes 11 the gargoyles all
need to make saves as well where do we
need 11 or 8 I was rolling my own that's
alright 8 space ok was I'm taking the
gargoyles will there are 4 of them
remaining so they will make 1 2 3 4
lovely
so the second gargoyle will just
outright die
she wasn't in Sunland right she is not
in sunlight and not in our shed
she will be walking through a wall
towards you momentarily does decently I
see that saving throw it doesn't yeah 13
just you will take 8 you will take 8 and
I will roll the Banshee or move the
Banshee into the initiative order I
should say you get a damage you get a
DIN banshees are my favorite enemy no
you know
I don't think they are I'm just kidding
I don't think that all right the banshee
cruises on it she uses her wail on that
round
Jerald it is your turn you are
unconscious and dying I need you to make
me a death saving crow
you get a real well right you click
little death Save button
yeah natural 20 under your current hit
points and pinpoints one failure if you
roll them one on your next death saving
throw you out right die already
where's my initiative tracker gone
expand its a gargoyle next sure sure
this one I don't know it's done I don't
know it's broken this gargoyle [ __ ] off
he flies into the ceiling and hides up
there where you can't see him
who is next discard well that one
alright that one also flies into the
ceiling and disappears leaving us with
Midori you bleed to make a death saving
throw love me some banshees alright you
are up and standing next is Captain
Barbeau I'm gonna walk here she got up
after one death say no no no no sorry I
don't know why I said that
oh you are alive you are fine that you
we have two more paths um I guess I'm
gonna beat this little boy up I guess
give me a roll the hit
I mean maybe Wiseman should be dead you
rip into it for 22 which is enough to
kill it it dies on the spot leaving us
with movement on your part I'm just
gonna stay here so
wait we've all behind the bench at least
good way to go yeah [ __ ] the party
we're biting a banshee well leader that
you guys wanted right
having the heavily it's not me it's long
walk lager to turn lock it's your turn
buddy is he close enough for it to count
as a flank on that Banshee no he's not
flanking the Banshee presently okay um
do I have knowledge like in looking at
this Banshee is this like an ether old
transparent thing where if I swing at it
might sorta just gonna go right through
it
you have the feeling that that is
definitely a possibility the only one
way to find out though for certain I'll
say Locke go pick up a Dory sword it's
magical
maybe that'll help that that would be
like a full action right to be a
cutpurse or it's an item interaction is
free if you drop your sword from your
hand instead of sheathing it you could
pick up Midori's with just the movement
required to get there to get there and
get back right right so it would be 30
feet of movement 32 feet of movement to
get there and back okay I'm gonna run
over and I'm gonna pick up her sword and
then run back to the Banshee I'm okay to
do that you can get to the doorway yeah
that's fine I think you can reach it
from there
that's fine hey is that sand that's
still on my item shoot grey Bane right
yep okay couldn't he charge it yeah it's
20 feet okay cool yeah then I'll
definitely do that so I'm running over
to Midori spotty I dropped my Hummer at
the entrance to the door and then I'm
gonna run back and I'm going to swing
with grey Bane mm-hmm
using the charge right yup yeah let's
see how much I might have to lawyer this
seven payments o 17 I believe is a hit
it does you strike the Banshee for 21
damage 22 rounds 22 on my charge attack
can I go ahead and toss a superiority
dice die here
yeah what are you doing I'm going to
toss in a a trip okay so the image is
added it's just too damaged but he needs
to make a throw
babies are immune to being tricked okay
so you try and knock her to the ground
you do the extra damage but the Banshee
just stands there hovering a few inches
off the ground her face a streak of
terror her white hair blowing back
Street lines of ghastly fear I'm gonna
go ahead and throw a second attack into
it yes I'm gonna go ahead and roll
another one d8 here another trip attack
to add five more damage whoo you're
getting close and then I'm gonna go
ahead and pop my action surge I'm gonna
take another attack and I'm gonna roll a
precision here dad 2 is 12 enough you
hit or no it is it is okay 13 so close
and then I'll do one more double attack
14 to hit tick we'll bring the ban sheet
down holy [ __ ]
okay and then I can move over to jail
but I can't I don't think I got Gerald
it's your turn a natural one here kills
you Midori
give me another death save two passes
you're good to go
barb oh are you gonna try and stabilize
I will try and stabilize the note with a
medicine trick give it to me
your roles that have always been so good
I'm kind of aiming down right now look
okay uh we'll move over it
hold on we get one free item interaction
correct yeah the Midori still have a
help kid on her you seem to recall that
she bought one and I never once went rid
of it
I do I still have your healers care yeah
okay yeah I'm gonna move over and I'll
you I'll drop gray Bain with my Hubbard
at the door I guess and then pick up
that medical kit and then move over to
Gerald and that should be a free
stabilize that should be free stabilized
so you stabilized Gerald is no longer
dying Midori
give me another DEATH save and you get
back to your feet Midori you wake up
don't even worry about it
deaf or singing did you effectively
gracias said not today Midori I need you
for something else you haven't quite
paid your debts it's in my time it is
your turn you know a lot baby will [ __ ]
up these guardrails in the walk-in what
Carla coils they're in here hook up and
attach to the ceiling sort of like stuff
hanging from them are two gargoyles
throwing a dagger at I'm frozen in stone
go ahead and throw me on I don't have a
dagger on me
do I have a dagger in my inventory but
not the attack thing
one sec it takes
is there any way that you can add it to
my thing it's not going oh you didn't
yep
there should be sneak attack on this
somehow but 11 froze and hits a gargoyle
and falls to the ground doing absolutely
nothing lock it's your turn if the
people here are ok I guess I will grab
the gray Bane here are we like out of
combat or are the girls like pretty
stuck up there
they haven't acted theirs chillin
they're frozen as statues at the top of
the ceiling ok can I pick up grey Bane
mm-hmm and then I'm how high up is the
ceiling quite high actually it's like 20
feet up 20 feet up there attached to the
way up there okay I'll pick up both
weapons then I'll hold on to gray bein
in my Howard for now and then I guess
I'm I guess we're just chillin for a sec
a few hours for Gerald to regain
consciousness
if these gargoyles aren't doing anything
I guess I'll scour the room and look for
items how much gold is in these coffees
exactly well I think let's just say you
dragged Gerald in here the party goes
all the Treasury no I would not do that
okay I was just trying to put us in a
spot where we could say we'll find out
what's in the treasury next week I don't
want to be to put in a spot where you
say oh and then you throw them in here
now I need you to roll for oxygen checks
as you slowly suffocate and die for
every lock behind you but actually since
we were so keen to move us into there I
don't think you would kill us that way
then that's fine yeah we will move us
all in to you that's okay okay how are
okay with that why don't you drag Gerald
in here wait for him to wake up and when
we come back next week we will see the
piles of treasure that you guys can dig
your hands into because I think we keys
and mouth cold and silver there's some
platinum scattered in there there's
fanciful weapons there are things that
have to be magic items just staring at
you not to mention jewels
okay so you did your magic item building
session we will deal with all of this at
the end at the beginning of next week
does the leader get to distribute the
blue all right let's go on out of here
since you are pinging everything why
don't you go first Steven sorry all my
stuff is at the top you can dad you just
like shirt oh yeah go bye Lilly his
shirts on there too
Wow well go ahead Steve
take his way yeah destiny right edu
slash shirt that's what I'm promoting
right now I've got a weeb shirt there
Wow and then I've got a duck hoozy shirt
there
that's what I got for now and then
destiny died GG follow my Instagram I'm
destiny on Instagram there you go well
what about your friends Twitter I'm its
modal sevenths but I'm too lazy to spell
that out he's cool too they'll follow
him all right Devon ash what's up buddy
think so hi I'm Devon um hope you guys
really enjoyed the show we liked
enjoying doing it for you I'm going to
be running the episode 14 recap and
we'll do a whole recap episode post show
on my stream twitch.tv slash Devon ash
in about three minutes so come over
there we'll talk about the show what
happened and what's likely to happen
next week join me there and yeah that's
it you can find me on that twitch
channel slash Devon - I'll link it in
chat thank you guys very much for coming
out hope you guys had fun
Oh follow my twitch if you don't follow
me you're lame so well I got him can you
VIP me in your chair Lee sure Thank You
Lilly my mod it's telling your chest no
you should be model home Wow feels bad
guys can find me on Twitter up to be
slash Budin deep doing D&D stuff all the
time or you need new campaigns coming on
in no I'm at the lab my capacity for
I can't take on any more and have them
still be quality so we're gonna chill
with this until one of the campaign's
ends damn awesome mm-hmm
Lily oh wait after this also and a
little bit like 30 minutes mr. moon are
playing is League of Legends promos
because I know how much you guys love
those okay well you turn just fine some
use to it um the only thing that the
promote is undoing a cosplay shame is
still at you tomorrow at my channel at
like 6 p.m. and then it's gonna be on
your channel at 7 p.m.
um Talia from Chile yeah so if you want
to come to that it's on caffeine thought
TV slash don't you okay that's awesome
we'll make sure to be there Lily
well I thinks miss you went in for the
support I appreciate it have fun with
your promo games with Stephen probably
gonna lose them with Stephen I hope you
win it's fun everybody we'll see you
next week if Stephen doesn't go and go
to New Zealand yeah so I don't know why
I wouldn't be we'll see if you guys
weren't here for two weeks so you know
I'll be here
