come kind of regret this can you hear me
loud and clear buddy can you hear me
yeah yeah I can how's it going yeah
pretty good how about you here we go
okay well I'm gonna record this on my
end okay there's one okay yeah great
okay all right what are we doing what
are we doing today Sargon I heard that
you wanted to talk about transgenderism
okay yeah let's start with that one okay
okay what do you got
I don't know well - what's your opinion
on it I mean I think it's a no what's
your what you're making some didn't you
say you didn't believe it was really
something I feel like I saw so tweets
for you not know you didn't how about
you just tell me your stance on it
rather than trying to write I'm not
trying to get your whatever I'm care
what do you well you were just trying to
put your your ideal opinion in my head
why you I don't really know it's a
really complicated topic and it's got
massive implications real quick just
went there so the tweet that I saw from
your kid was if trans women were
actually women you wouldn't need to
distinguish them with the term trans so
that was the 20th quad the hosting idea
okay yeah so okay so are you of the
opinion that's the you know the the
thing they say trans women are women
yeah how do you interpret that my
interpretation of it is that trans
people want to be seen as whatever
gender they choose to express themselves
with and so they would want the same
treatments in society generally as
anybody that would identify as agender
so rather than being seen as like a
trans woman which implies that you are
less than or different than a woman they
would want to be seen as a natural woman
right and do you think are there any
issues with that do you think that's
something that's do you think that's
something is likely to happen likely I'm
not sure possibly or like more Alicia
happen I mean probably I mean I'm I'm a
big fan of liberalism I think we should
support people's individual rights and
if that's what people want I don't
really see any harm in it so yeah sure
yeah but the thing about that is also
you're putting the decision-making
parents in the hands of society and
Society has requirements that aren't
served by the term trans women and women
because I think that pretty much
everything is put in terms of like every
decision is made by society I don't make
the decisions the state oh okay so when
you say Society you're saying you're
saying like non legally I guess right or
not enforceable yes yeah absolutely um
independent communities of self
Association okay the state's unique
legal entity of compulsion okay so like
when in particular are we talking about
here like I think breeding is really
what we're talking about I think
fundamentally when you say trans women
or women at the end of the day there's
always going to be the necessary
component that is childbirth and like
you have reproduction which is okay and
let's let's just before we jump in
something and so I I think that that is
fundamentally one of that I probably the
main reason ultimately there anyone ever
forms long term relationships at least
in in the overwhelming majority of cases
I think the expectation to breed is that
so what would you say to a woman that
has her tubes tied it's not capable with
having children it's just no longer a
woman or what about a man that's had a
vasectomy you know no I didn't say I
didn't say they were no longer a woman
but they no longer fulfill the sort of
necessarily by necessary biological
imperative that the gender role of women
is designed to operate around okay so
first of all designed implies an
argument from nature which is which is
when I
I'm gonna go to there but when you think
well no no no okay stop because last
exactly the first place we need to go
because I do think that the but the
gender role the social gender role of
woman has a natural origin and I think
that it's designed to fulfill a natural
function okay so are you going to take
on like a so are you gonna take on a
morally prescriptive position based on
nature are you gonna tell me that
because certain things are designed in
some biological way we have some sort of
like an auth statement that we ought to
we want to pursue something because it's
like in some ways found in nature that's
like a really weird position that it
really it really depends what it is
you're talking about but like I I don't
think that gender roles are
transcendental so okay I mean if you
want to go down that the the the the
naturalistic arguments I mean we can do
that it just we're in a really weird
area because we're gonna have to start
to cinnamic well what falls under that
and what doesn't which implies we don't
actually care about nature at all we're
appealing to some higher knowing yeah
well I don't I don't agree I think the
thing that we're appealing to is the
natural biological state of humanity the
natural biological state of humanity is
not two men having a conversation right
discord though like what do you mean by
that our natural debate is like we
gather and produce not everybody is
constantly trying to reproduce in their
lives
I didn't say they wanna then why are we
talking about reproduction when we're
talking about trans because for the
majority of people they will want to
even if ice that's true but even if that
is true that's so cool strew I the
population would tank in one generation
felt wasn't true the population is
already taking across every single
shrinking by a small degree every year
yes shrinking contracting because not
everybody wants to reproduce because
women are so tiny need them of each
generation that reproduces I mean like
women we're not having children at a
replacement read anymore I don't know
what tiny all of these words are like
really weird like what anyway tighten it
but we're not replacing our population
right now like all the pop calm down
calm down right yeah
the replacement rate in say in my
country is 1.9 but that's that means
that a very small number of women
are not reproducing in comparison to the
number of women who are reproducing its
millions and millions and millions of
women who reproduced ok sure it's a
downward trend ok so let's say that the
majority of people want to reproduce how
is it even relevant to this conversation
because we're talking about a social
role and the desert the the purpose of
the the social role of woman is to
facilitate the ability to form a
breeding pair with a man because they're
the two aspects of humanity that both
need to be fertile in order to conceive
and produce a child this is what I mean
when I say you can't separate the gender
role from woman the general of woman
from the biological essence of what it
is to be a female the one was created by
the other but the the the the
formulation trans women are women
suggest that the gender role of woman
has created the biological reality of
being female which is not correct in my
opinion ok so let's just walk down the
road so do you think that let's say that
let's say that women and math said that
they wanted to pursue like higher
education and work opportunities more
than they wanted to pursue having
children do you think they should have
the right to do that or should we
culturally or via the state or whatever
force them compel them to have more
children instead because that would be
like I don't think that it's got
anything to do the transgender debate
okay well your cuz you're speaking in
terms of like biological prescriptivism
right now you're telling me that like
the role of woman should be to have a
child or it for like childbirth I didn't
say it should be anything society at
large will decide in a very sort of
holistic way what the role of women
should be but I think that there's no
getting around the fact that it was it
was something created by society to
account for the the observable
biological differences between men and
women and the biological reality that
women have an imperative to breed and
the mechanism socialism needs to be
created to justify that and to to
facilitate that sure ok so I'm I'm not
trying to miss quaver understand because
a lot of the words using really loaded
when you say women have an imperative to
breathe what do you mean by that he
beings of a biological imperative to
reproduce what do you mean by imperative
like are you saying that this is like
just descriptively something we do or
are you saying that it's something that
we should do so it's something that they
feel that they want to do okay so what
does that have to do if some people feel
like they need to reproduce which is
fine I'm okay with that
why what does that have to do with the
discussion about trans people because we
need a way of being able to actually do
that but we still can do that you can go
and have a child with a woman that is
capable of having a child yeah but you
need to know what a woman is no you
don't you need to know if they are you
did your landing but you've realized
that there are women that you would call
real women that can't have children
right do you do it now okay so knowing
whether or not somebody is a woman under
whatever arbitrary sargon definition of
woman there is knowing that somebody
doesn't want a definition well it is
your definition trust me well I told him
female it's just the dictionary
definition is that none of the common
confusion society at large you use a
term so I thought maybe the common
definition versus actual scientific
definition versus kind of like the
categorical definition these are all
like things that can be heavily
contested but in what you would call a
woman there are things that fit under
that category that are not be able of
having children so why would it be so
bad to include trans women into that I
didn't say we banned wait so then what's
the problem what do we disagree with
well the the problem is the essential
attack on the social construct that is a
woman because the thing is saying trans
women a women is a statement that will
necessarily lead circumstances where a
part of the gender role that is woman
will not be fulfilled and so the person
who is engaging with the trans woman
expecting that aspect of the gender role
to be fulfilled will find themselves
necessarily not only disappointed but I
guess deceived in a way we don't
necessarily solve with a single question
when you're having a conversation with
somebody and you bring up children you
say I would like to have children and
the other person says I can't have
children how does that conversation
damage the the role of women or the or
the social category of
in the West because of the way it's
approached and the the things that will
happen I mean I mean you could easily
describe it transphobic so you say to
ask to ask a person who you think is
trans if they can have children nobody
in any part of the serious world would
say that aside from for follow-up in
serious world so Alyssa
yeah because unfold or accounts on
Twitter you can write any stupid opinion
but like actually you confront this in
actual people I would love to see any
source this is the opinion of the police
and great buton unit the police the
opinion of the police in Great Britain
is that if you ask somebody while you're
on a date would you like to have
children or can you have children that's
transphobic that's the position of the
police and Great Britain they certainly
could interpret it that way has it ever
been interpreted that way possibly on
half that below okay I don't care about
this so generally for any serious person
I've ever heard had this conversation or
I have never heard any trans rights
activist ever say if you ask a trans
person if they can have children you are
being transphobic now that's not the
same that there might be ways you could
phrase it so for instance in the way
that you approach it I would definitely
say it's transfer because you seem to
imply that a woman that can't have
children is not a woman which is not
only damaging to transmit but even to
normal women or when and stop there stop
there because I think that's I think
you're actually you can hang on so I
think that there are women who
definitely feel like less of a woman
because they can't have children and I
um think that a sterile man would
probably feel like less of a man as well
yeah but we don't want people to feel
that way don't don't you think that I
don't know like I mean like you I'm just
trying to you can yeah I agree
wait but it's not nice on that
particular thing we feel you want do you
think it would be good or do you want
society to feel like if a man can't have
a child he should view himself as less
of a man it's not that I want this it's
that the problem that you you will
always run up to is the fact that
definitions
necessarily leave something outside of
what they're defining and those things
that are left outside of it is may not
be happy with being left outside but at
the end of the day that doesn't mean you
should change
the definition for their feelings we
know I don't agree I think that I think
that the thing it depends what it is
well I mean I mean every definition
every category that we've created is a
socially constructed category that we
create to serve human happiness so why
would you redefine it the category of
business women are socially defined
categories we can change it if we want
to make more people happy why wouldn't
we well it by not definite but I'm
reasoning why I define anything because
we because I just said because we get
some utility out of it you me I don't
think you get utility out of words that
don't have solid definitions I think the
word becomes useless I never said we
couldn't have solid definitions you just
did if we change the definition yeah but
if we're changing the definition to mean
something that is not within what we
consider the definition useful to be
defining then you're not really I mean
if if the term woman can be used to
define someone that is biologically male
then it's no longer an adult human
female first of all the term woman under
your definition probably already does
defined some people that are
biologically male and you don't even
realize it firstly secondly when we use
how would that be because I guarantee
you that I could show you pictures of X
Y chromosome women that have a [ __ ]
there's a name for the condition but it
basically you have extreme androgen
insensitivity and you can grow up your
whole life and completely look like a
woman 180 you would look at her and you
would say well let me see her vagina oh
she hasn't that's a real woman and then
you would look at the genes and you say
oh [ __ ] they have extra chromosomes and
you would have no idea what to say right
so this idea that there's some hard okay
so that so that's that's an abnormality
right it's absolutely something that
exists though what I'm saying here but
it's a a but that's a genetic
abnormality isn't it what does that have
to do with my argument well well your
argument is if if we well what I would
argue is that if we're gonna define
things then we're not gonna be defining
them to satisfy the abnormal fringe
cases we're gonna be defining them
satisfy them the vast majority of cases
in which they'll be useful
that's a most useful so would you would
you agree that we make definitions in
society for them to be useful yes when
you say when you say we make a
definition to be useful what do you mean
by useful what do you mean by that to be
used and meaning facilitate whatever
interactions that need to be facilitated
by presumably the largest number of
people awesome I agree with that so we
create definitions in society when we
organize categories because they're
useful in to people in some cars that
they serve some need to make most of us
happy if we can expand the category of
woman to include trans woman I don't see
what the problem is for that because
it's not accurate I mean like these
definition of this woman trying to say
can you do this work no no listen the
the the concept of woman is not a
transcendental concept it is
biologically essential no it's not
waitwhat yes it is is it show me where I
know you need you know you can't
disagree you're just wrong there's
nowhere and I can't disagree no it
doesn't matter what you think here well
if if an if a woman in standard usage of
English or just any language which going
back into the midst of time has been
adult human female then that is a
biologically essentialist word designed
to reflect a physical biological reality
there okay there you go
it is so we have categories that we've
created because we believe that they
reflect some underlying physical reality
the concept of female that isn't a real
thing that's not something that exists
in nature
yes really yes there are some agree okay
if we eliminate all human beings where
do you find the concept of female no you
don't like you can find some things you
because what you have is you have some
things that have collections of certain
features and if we want we can label
them in certain ways right and that's
what we do as people we label things
because we have some value out of it we
have people that generally have vaginas
can give birth to people we've got
people eternally of dicks the people we
call some of these many many yeah we
call some of these fails to come say
these notes but there is nothing in
science that says we must have this
category female we must have this
category male think about that
sorry science can only tell us data we
need to be able to interpret that and
for that we you need philosophy exactly
so
philosophically when we're creating
these categories we have to understand
that the reason at the end of the day we
create these categories like male and
female isn't because science tells us to
because science can never make these
kinds of claims it's because we as a
society decided we want this definition
because it makes all of us happier
that's generally how everything works in
reality no it's it's it's we have it to
reflect a biological reality about human
beings why do we care about reflecting a
biological reality by human beings
because we have to live with one another
because it makes us happier when we can
organize these differences we can we get
use out of them yes yes yes exactly it
makes us happy when we organize these
differences okay because we get because
we can you tell yet oh right but we
couldn't organize those certainly
utilitarian argument to be made yeah
sure I think that I think there's
probably deepen that and I think there
are probably other reasons that these
things are tied that are again I can't
stress enough I do believe that this is
very biologically essentialist and I
think that try and separate that is
ridiculous cuz I mean as soon as you
separate if you say the gender is
transcendental okay why do we create it
in the first place because we have some
utility out of it it's essential to
recognize that that every category that
we constructed human so that's a
biological essentialist argument no what
what's it categorizing what is it
categorizing we were you taking a
descriptive a description of thumb some
things we hope are representative of
some underlying traits and we're
assigning them or ascribing them to
certain categories by biological traits
right
yes biological essentialism your
naturalist argument implies that because
something exists in a certain way in
nature we ought to recognize that
difference but this is not how we
construct the categories of real life
for instance there's a mill you know I
don't agree I think that is in fact how
we couldn't sort categorize umbrella
then why don't we categorize people why
don't we category stable by the number
of moles on their body we can imagine
the utility is something that we would
deploy okay so what you just did is
instead of you avoided the science and
you said we'll hold on I'm going to
appeal to utility that's my argument
what I'm telling you is it every time I
construct a category we're appealing to
the utility the category now some
scientific or biological realism or
constructivism yeah I agree but the
category itself is a biological category
no there's no such thing as a biological
category
I can we choose to wait you know what
you know what you just said
fundamentally misunderstanding long say
what you just said that you uh no no I
promise you
absolutely you just said that we choose
to the fact that we make that choice
that choice is a normative choice we're
doing something out of a moral
compulsion
it's a normative choice no it's not even
moral I mean anybody probably is but it
is also there is also there is also a
practical necessity no the necessity of
customers just because we make a choice
to organize things in a certain way
doesn't mean that choice is necessarily
backed by reality and that reality tells
us we have to make that choice so for
instance I could have a hundred people
and I could separate them based on
height I could separate them based on
gender I guess they're gonna get some I
call it sort of a millionaire traits but
nothing in science is going to tell me
what I should separate them on I have to
make I don't care about the science of
it ready it doesn't really matter about
the science of it because it comes down
to the interpretation of it and at the
end of the day the there is no
questioning the biological reality that
male and female as as distinct sexes do
exist even as humans were not categorize
them the animals themselves have
categorized themselves now but there's
only the language to do this there is
this is such a primal thing is done by
pheromones man right
we could also categorize people based on
the number of bruises they have based on
the color hair would that be stupid so
loaded you just second question if you
would argue that trying to reflect
reality is loaded okay you are literally
just proving your own statement with
every set as you speak you don't realize
it when you're saying you keep saying
that your reality is I'm choosing to
really the choices that you make are
arbitrary and unjustified
that you're not using choices I made and
then an object and yes you're missing a
deeper level okay what you're saying is
that yeah your male and female refer to
some underlying physical property I
don't disagree with that of course
however I should make I could design a
million categories that could refer to
any number of properties now whether or
not you choose to use male and female or
whether or not we choose to use
redhead or brunette that's an arbitrary
choice we don't find the answer what we
should cap that's not true that I don't
agree that that's arbitrary I think that
there are physical imperatives that make
us choose these things because of their
frankly they're the path of least
resistance okay can you tell me then why
what we value the category of male and
female because there is a distinct
connection with the social category of
man and woman to male and female these
are social life okay so you get you
you're describing things to me give me
descriptive nice what I'm asking is why
what we value male and female don't tell
me that we do I'm asking why should we
why we've always we are social animals
and we need to interact with one another
and we have inherited a very effective
way of doing this especially considering
it's such a complicated issue and this
is something that has it's been gifted
to us from the millions of previous
generations who had to struggle with the
same things and they came up with a
fairly workable system that works for
something like was in ninety nine point
three percent of people or something so
it's that's pretty good
really okay why aren't we value that
though because it's working ok so let's
say that we take this ok let's say that
we say that our moral values ought to
come from things that have worked and I
won't make you define worked in the past
because we could go a million well then
right what what if I make the same
argument in favor of say slavery or in
favor of say lack of women's rights or
in favor of say hunter-gatherer
lifestyles like because because they're
I mean you could make them for a favour
of hunter-gatherer lifestyles in favor
of slavery you'll see violating some
human rights but I mean do you consider
gender roles to be a violation of a
person's human rights on a
consequentialist level yeah you're
constantly denying somebody the ability
to exist happily instead of in society
yeah I would consider that to be a
pretty bad thing yeah but is that a
violation that human rights what do you
mean by I don't believe in human rights
on you is a violation view that's a
pretty bad thing I don't know if people
have the right to determine their own
gender I don't know if they do they
might have the freedom to try wait has
that right
right I don't know I mean a lot of
gender happens in other people's heads
so it's this a thing like it's such an
unbelievably complex thing and it's not
that was very simple actually no you're
just being contrary I mean not no one
with how we sort of credible
understanding of this would say this was
simple every single person and yet when
I say simple what I mean is if you
understand the argument it's very easy
to start at a very foundational level
and get all the way to where we are now
right if we I don't think you do
understand just understand the arguments
I think there are lots of arguments and
I think that it's important to be aware
of the foundation with which you're
starting because you're starting from
transcendental foundation you're saying
that gender has no connection to the
biological entity that is a human being
okay up here you know I'll try it you
can you can stop me when I'm wrong okay
so let's look at universal categories so
a universal category is a human
constructed thing that is the form of
something right let's say that we say
like a chair right that's a universal
category now what is it chair I mean we
can argue a million times in Manitoba
but there's like a universal form of a
chair right now all categories are
arbitrary constructs that don't use it
okay so he's saying there's Universal
for K are you arguing like the Plato's
world of forms oh sure yeah this borrow
some Plato sure I don't think that's a
wise idea
okay well then okay do you think that
the formula chair exists somewhere do
you think that's stored somewhere in the
world the universal form of a chair a
chair is a platonic form um I I would
suggest that what we have defined to be
a chair doesn't have a universal ideal
okay cool so then I would take that same
argument and I would apply that to every
category that we've constructed what is
a computer like that definition is
expanded what is a cell phone well I
agree I don't even think the the
category of women the woman has a
universal ideal okay cool so when we
wouldn't do that we would build
ourselves all the way I'm saying okay
well what are some socially constructed
categories we have right now we can both
agree that the
korie's of white and black are very
constructed and those have changed over
time as well well also the category of
male and female or one is a definite I
think there's a definite biological
component to the categories of black and
white but only because we say there has
to be that's the only reason why there's
a query yeah but we only say they have
to be because we want the the
terminology to have a use in our
everyday lives yes because what you're
suggesting yeah yeah I know yeah exactly
yes that's you agreeing with me yes um
because what you're suggesting is that
if we don't do that you know like the
alternative to what you're suggesting is
that we don't really have intelligible
language no yes woman and male can be
the same they are now but we expand them
to include trans people because it makes
those people's lives better and it
doesn't do any damage to the car
existing categories why would you say it
does it doesn't damage the currently
existing category how because it makes
them miss representative of the thing
they are like Oh an adult human female
is someone we can biologically identify
and you want to include that to expand
that to include the category of adult
human male and that's ridiculous
okay no it doesn't disappear I don't
know why you think that just because you
expand a definition almost any becomes
worthless but man and women are
dichotomized
this is an anti science arguments why if
you want to say that that's fine but the
distribution male and female is right
it's not binary I appreciate that but
we're not for my science with all my
sociology which okay that means we're
told my interpretation sure so if we
talk about from a sociological point of
view what damage or harm can come from
me including trans people under the
definition of male female well on its
surface not much it appears right on the
surface it seems that not much but then
you think you've gotten into the sort
like what is a what is a father and a
mother because then you've severed the
connection the sort of biological
connection of father and mother and then
you're starting to get into and again
let's do this let's do this very slowly
step by step so you're telling me that
if I say trans men
or men and transmitter women that I've
destroyed what it means to be a father
and a mother what do you mean by that
well yeah well I mean you can make the
the female the father and the male the
mother well okay
can you tell me how this is damaged like
are you saying that like a trans man
couldn't be like a real father or a
trans woman couldn't be like a real
mother to like a child or well judge I
trans sorry it's the remembering the
waist around a woman who becomes a man
is never going to provide the why Gami
saying it is or whatever it is to a
child right okay so that goes explicitly
against what the what the just the the
definition of those terms are am I
supposed to ignore like dream about
irony that this is coming I'm not trying
to make this ad hominem but aren't you
literally a stepfather like are you not
an actual father I'm not the biological
father of my stature but when you when
you when your son would you only have
the turn of step but that's not okay and
I could be totally wrong and you could
lie to me maybe it's cool but when
you're when your child if you've got a
stepchild does he come up to you and you
say hey stepfather sargon her stepfather
Carla they actually call you that your
kids call you that hey stepdad well my
biological son calls me Dad okay and my
bio and my non-biological Stamp daughter
calls me Carl how old 9 ok what is this
hunter but this this this this is this
is why trans women will never actually
be women they'll always be trans women
well we first of all we were very far
from establishing that but you think
that it's you think just no we have not
assembly I promise ok so carry on camera
so you're saying that stepparents could
never be real parents in terms of like
how we define like follow mode could
never be real parents it depends how you
define parent but they can't be the real
father or mother ok I love that you just
said it depends on how we define parent
i totally you wanted boggling say parent
I say father and mother
could be synonyms for parents who are
your parents your father you know no no
they're not the diff
they're different words they're often
used the synonyms but they're not the
same thing do you do you not see how
incredibly subjective all of these words
are how we can twist and Bend and you
and this is what happens descriptively
this is how we use language and do you
see how there's not much damage like if
you were in a classroom and some gun and
some kid was like I'm going to I'm gonna
go to the fair tomorrow with my father
and mother and some other kid was like
that's not your father and mother that's
your stepmother you should have some
parents right nobody like you uses
language this way it's not how we
recognize his category socially yeah
nobody uses language in the way that the
sjw's want either so I mean like suggest
the saying that who cares okay okay okay
so I'm gonna assume you concede to that
whole table because you just pivoted
Harper what do you mean by sjw's use
language in ways that we don't this is
what we're talking about fundamentally
is where where does language come from
and what decides the propagation of it
sure so language comes from humans we
construct it because it provides us
utility yes yes yes okay yes yes it is
not usually imposed on us by the state I
don't know if sjw's necessarily want it
imposed on you by the state what do you
mean I think they do I think they do
okay let's ignore I don't think we'd
have those about hate speech and you
know like the anteater like trans laws
and all this sort stuff if they didn't I
mean what do not remember in New York
you can get fine for misgendering
someone that's if you do it in a
discriminatory way if you're in I don't
yeah but what you saying is you don't
think nuts they don't they want to use
the state and now you're making
justifications for them using the
station sugar this is okay so what kind
of a bunch of different argument here in
terms of like the overall use of
language so if you want to talk
specifically in regards to like laws
surrounding like hate speech or in
regards to like discrimination laws
which by the way have nothing to do with
sgw sees have existed for decades of the
United States unless of anything like
hang on hang on hang on I'd only go for
but the discrimination was like these
things can be used by any faction
okay wants it to be DK so there's no
anyway I'm just curious do you consider
something like
Luther King and Malcolm X so these sjw's
to you or notes of me personally even
that's because I agree with that
philosophy
okay so you've literally defined SJW as
somebody you disagree with like is that
really that sweet that's what you just
said yeah kind of I think there everyone
has like someone is an sjw to someone
else you know so so within this
conversation you have argued in favor of
rigid definitions that have real
meanings to define what a man and woman
is even if that makes some people
unhappy and now when we go to my phone
talking about not easy now you for the
Richard you've given me a definition
that is more fluid than any definition
I've ever heard of my entire life like
if your definition as a colloquial thing
that's just come about because of people
needed away to funny I mean you could
just define SJW quite restrictive Lee
and say a social justice warrior is an
intersectional progressive activist this
is very loud and active on the internet
blah blah blah you know they have
certain characteristics a common but not
necessary etc except oh right but if you
think about what they're doing they're
not doing anything too different to what
anyone else is doing really the
difference is in the way they're
operating and tamils with you I kind of
like defining SJW by the way they act
rather than the thing that they're
advocating for but like I said right
waking way off topic um let's let's get
back to the are trans women women thing
sure so I still not see the harm we were
talking about parents I don't see the
harm in saying trans women or women or
trans men could be met like I don't see
the harm in that I don't see where this
damage to society comes in here yeah
well this the thing is like I think the
the problem is you can't really make
people believe it
yeah you again of course you can deal
with cultural pressure I don't ouka hole
I mean sorry okay
you couldn't you can certainly make
people say that they believe it okay but
that's tyranny conscience there is no
conscience it depends on what you mean
by the word freedom but um I mean like
you didn't freely choose to speak
English did you know you were born with
that that's true so I mean
socially I mean we have also user
pressures around us and we can kind of
dictate the pressure but I think that if
I if I don't believe that a man is a
woman I should be free to voice that
concern um well that's a I mean we could
have to go really far back I would argue
no come to that in New York though um
not if you're an employer or a building
owner because we have laws against
discrimination against protected classes
yeah but that's the little crimes no
laws against discrimination no its laws
against discrimination its misgendering
someone no it isn't so it's
intentionally misgendering someone in a
discriminatory way if your building
owner or an employer yeah but if I don't
agree the trans women women I'm not
misgendering them in my opinion oh
that's fine well sure in favor of
transgenderism if you argue that tyranny
is particular rights or some people than
sure I mean anything can be I don't I
don't agree that you have a right to
have any cool manual do you agree that
we have a right to tell a business owner
that they should be allowed that they
should hire black people and white
people or is that a thought crime as
well sorry that they should hire yeah so
let's say that I say listen to somebody
who says I'm now hiring no blacks apply
do you think that if I got it that's not
saying they should hire blacks that's
saying they're not does not hire black
sure yeah it's essentially the same
thing if I allow those noise no it's no
it's absolutely not the same thing okay
so if I tell somebody hey you can't
discriminate against transgender people
the same way you can't discriminate
against black people those two things
are different
yeah because of course they are right
but even the evil way I think way
different yeah okay yeah right because
we don't agree on what like the
transgender person is and a lot of
people don't agree on what's the
definition sure and people in the past
didn't agree that black people were
people or even human so they didn't want
to hire them so but we're not we're not
debating the humanity of these people we
all agree the human right the the
problem is the the social construct of
gender roles are not simply the purview
of trans people they also belong to
other people
okay so what I'm asking you without
getting into that again is how can you
tell me there's a difference between
discriminating against black people and
discriminating against transgender
people it's the same type of thing
except for you disobey okay I must I
must have misheard you that okay sure
yeah okay I agree I agree that an
employer shouldn't be discriminating on
these kind of characteristics I do
Groudon you know oh wait then you agree
with the law in New York no I don't
agree the misgendering someone is
necessarily discriminating it's
misgendering someone in a harassing or
discriminatory way no because there's
it's incredibly ideologically loaded to
even suggest that someone can change
their gender this is I mean like do you
not understand how much you are
presuming with everything you say you're
saying it's biologically loaded to a
some dinner you realize that a very
racist person no okay it's ideologically
loaded to assume that a black person can
work the same as a white person as well
to certain types of people that's ideal
yes it is yes it's it's an ideology that
we will agree with wait now we do maybe
in 50 years we'll all agree about the
transgender thing as well maybe we will
so maybe this isn't a good argument I
don't agree I don't agree that the I
don't agree that there is a necessary
parallel here either
right I mean a black person being human
that is a that is a demonstrable reality
not a human person yeah I yeah okay but
I'll fun the philosophy that we do this
by is by humans right and yeah I agree
that they're they aren't they're human
in the same way a white person that
everybody always agreed with that we do
now yeah I know
and they didn't agree because of
ideology I think anything genetically or
any or anything on that and they
certainly did have their own particular
philosophy on it right but the thing is
there is not the same kind of biological
congruence between the two comparisons
right so a woman transitioning to be a
man will never be able to produce
fertile offspring right but that is part
of the expectation a woman and man that
is the purpose roles is to facilitate
reproduction why are we then why what oh
my god that's so anything else it
absolutely is the purpose of the
descriptively if we look back through
the millennia through the ten thousand
years of human civilization right the
purposes seemed to be for people to
achieve maximum levels of happiness that
seems to be the world is certainly not
the scientist doesn't say ëwell
happiness I'm not saying that it's
perfect but I'm saying that generally
that's what we as people do we push
towards you know that's a yeah that's
what we as people do because that's for
our own comfort yes we don't build
society around having the maximum number
of children that's your claim you're
saying biological imperative to have
children and that's what makes us a
construct it around but it's clearly not
because birth rates are falling bills we
do things that don't necessarily don't
necessarily lead to us having more
children right people like I didn't say
that a biological imperative was a sort
of a command okay what is it biological
imperative peep people can resist their
biological imperatives right it's it's
it's a natural impulse to do something
right okay so so in the context of this
conversation we're not trying to make
descriptive statements about human
nature cuz not neither of us will
probably disagree or care about this
we're talking about moral clarity about
normative claims what what we do as a
society when we talk about transgender
people so when you say people have the
desire to have children this doesn't
agree or discard anything others have
said it's a totally irrelevant point to
everything right we're talking about
this yeah but this is the base on which
the concept of the gender role is built
if and it's not just children either
it's actually also to sort of facilitate
the social interactions between the two
biological sexes okay now that's a
better answer to facilitate well it's
you know ultimately the purpose of the
social interaction between a man and a
woman is going to you know a romantic
interest say is is going to lead to
children not always definitely not it's
always said generally well okay this is
why not
necessarily okay I didn't say necessary
then if you didn't say no silly well
they don't then we die as a species okay
that's that's another that's a whole
argument if you want to make that
argument you can that we need to further
a speech enormous it's just a logical
conclusion oh it's not logic it's not
logical if people don't breed we does no
it's not logical for you to make the
normative statement we ought to continue
our species that's a separate argument
that we ought to be I didn't say we all
stood continuous music but you kind of
did because you're using biological
imperatives to argue that this should
have children because we need to in
order to further on our species you're
kind of making that I could I could say
that I could say we all do and I'm sure
I could support that with many things
but you're just misrepresenting with
things that I'm saying anyway right
we're getting in certainly unbelievable
semantics so the the thing is I get back
to the core of it I just don't agree
that we can disconnect the the
relationships between men and women and
that their biological imperative to
breed and the necessity the human race
has for people to breed I don't think
you can separate those things out when
you say necessity to breed what do you
mean by necessity well if we don't
breathe this human race dies do you
think that's something that we ought to
be compelled to do is to further be
human yes I don't think we need to
compel anyone to do I think people do on
the run okay then why do we care about
the circuit at all if this isn't a moral
compulsion then why do we even care to
bring this up I mean you probably make
an argument that you've got more
responsibility to breed okay so that's
oh is that the one you wanna make
because I'm trying to have a discussion
with you about how we want to design
society and you keep throwing out these
very weird well I don't think we should
design society what do you mean that's
what your whole life is about what do
you mean no no that's not that's what
you would need to know we spent time on
YouTube you're not like other people how
we think society ought to be constructed
we're not science channels but we do
drive the state of the world we
absolutely okay sorry sorry I missed
internet sharing but what I what I think
I actually spend a lot of time doing is
trying to defend people acting
autonomously from people who would like
to impose their own particular way of
operating on them I think that a lot of
this can can be put down to you don't
really have a say oh you shouldn't we
never say in how people have
interpersonal relationships and I don't
know how to describe like how exciting
that what you mean who's saying that if
we define transfers if we define terms
as men how does that determiner tell you
what kind of interpersonal relationships
you should have because there are social
problems if I say I don't agree with
that don't you go to totally I've asked
you a very specific pointed question
what kind of interpersonal relationships
do you suffer if trans men are included
under the category of men my basic
freedom suffers how because if the
interpersonal so we so we're abandoning
the interpersonal relation things okay
your personal freedom
go ahead well yeah I mean I can be
arrested okay so no no don't even don't
even try and say I don't believe allergy
no no because initially permit your
interpersonal well you went from you
went from my interview what net away you
went from pistol I just want to show you
the path you sir
you said my interpersonal relationships
will suffer if we have a social Elgin
please finish can I please finish okay
so you said that if we expand the
definition of man to include trans men
that your interpersonal relationships
were suffer and I wanted a definition of
that or I wanted an example I even I
have a said it was I'm very curious how
that could okay and then you will be
arrested for hate speech which is a
totally different type of that's a
totally different argument well yeah I
agree you know I agree I I should have
been more specific man okay um right
okay so the the problem that I have with
this is obviously many but some
the I think they that's fun a good way
to describe it so I really do think that
definitions are mutual mutually defined
right I don't think they unilaterally
defined
okay I'm gonna ask you I'm sorry I'm not
trying to anal but I need you to be very
specific when you defining sensor so
what do you mean when you say
definitions can't be defined like what
can you would it what exactly do you
mean uh no no no no I think they're
mutually defined I think that a
definition it's it's something that the
other person has
greeted absolutely this is the
Whitaker's beetle in a box or whatever
of course no there's no such thing as a
private language we all have to agree
okay and the the fundamental issue that
is the the stumbling block for all of
this is that you don't believe that the
general of woman has a biological
connection right and I do words are very
ambiguous okay no when you say I don't
agree now because you're wrong when you
say when I say the male or female don't
have a biological connection that word
connection okay the man a woman man or
woman have a connection so they have a
connection and that hopefully they are
describing underlying physical
properties but they don't have a
connection and that they are normatively
necessitated by those underlying
properties so for instance man is
connected to the physical properties of
being a man but it's not a necessity
just because those properties exist
doesn't mean we have to have the
category of man but that might well be
true but it's also exceptionally
irrelevant right because it's the center
point of this conversation listen listen
no no it's not because what you're what
you're arguing for what you're owning
here is like an abstract hypothetical
right yeah I mean you know without
without the existence of a human being
the the concept of man and woman
probably disappears but that doesn't
mean that the biological reality of like
you know I mean maybe an ape or
something you know they could have the
same biological reality without having
the social construct of a man a woman
but the thing is all of this is centered
in our social interactions so saying
that is utterly irrelevant because at
the end of the day what when we say it
has a necessary connection what we mean
is philosophically in the way we
interpret the world so it doesn't really
matter like objectively outside of the
concept the scope of the human
experience there there is no thing that
is called a man therefore it doesn't
connect to what we biologically
described as a male okay maybe but who
gives a [ __ ] about that we're human
beings living in a society in the world
describing things as we understand them
and interacting with one another right
that's it's such a pointless diversion
that you're trying to go on here right
so anyway just to be clear well yeah the
construct has a descriptive element that
is explained Express
to do with the biology of the person
we're describing wait wait can you
repeat that statement well the what the
last one is yeah what you just said yeah
yeah the the social construct the
concept of woman or man okay
yes expressly describes a biological
condition
what do you mean expressly describes
that's the purpose of it no that's not
true
the purpose of it that we agreed on
earlier or or the reason why we use it
is because it provides some utility to
society yes but that's the utility is
providing no the utility is providing is
also something we agreed upon earlier
your own words were that it facilitates
social interactions yeah nowhere in
literature nowhere in the scientific
literature anywhere you told my sons
okay that's enough for the tangent
listen you're on one hand you keep
saying we're talking about philosophy
but every time I try to talk about floss
you say it's all semantics so I'm
getting very confused I don't know what
the [ __ ] I don't agree I think this is a
defensive characterization that is not
accurate because you can't separate the
the purpose of the the construct which
is to identify a man or a woman
biological male or female for the for
the purpose of reproduction no okay the
word the way you just used the purpose
of a definition okay and that so purpose
implies like a reason for its existence
okay a previous is so now a reason
sounds like a normative a choice claim a
normative claim does not necessarily
mean a moral claim a normative it a
descriptive claim you you're saying that
no it doesn't you know no no buts if
just is something how something should
be but the reason for it could be
something other than moral what other
reasons could there be here technical if
I'm making a [ __ ] car I can say well
morally I think that I should be able to
run this on like [ __ ] orange juice
but technically it's going to require
oil engine and that's not a moral claim
you monkey come on man no that's a
descriptive claim the like the engine
one no the engine needs oil to run that
would be like a discriminative little
normative can't claims are moral anyway
anyway anyway look again we're getting
weeds late okay so what what exactly is
it that you think do you do you honestly
think that there can be no it's it's no
problem and and there is no connection
to the biology of a male or female the
gender roles have is that what you think
is so just real quick I just just so
normative generally means relating to an
evaluative standard normativity is a
phenomenon in human societies of
designating some action to outcome as
good or desirable or permissible and
others as bad or undesirable or
impermissible so good and the good are
words that you usually like morally yeah
um things you get you're getting well
like no this is important because like
good isn't really necessarily a moral
word it's a word of a second well I'm
just saying that normative claims are
normative claims are generally oft
claims right normative claims are things
that we ought to do generally those and
odd things generally imply some level of
morality because you can't find what
claims descriptively know where in the
world am I ever gonna find a claim a man
ought to be something that has an X Y
chromosome that doesn't exist that type
of normative thing can't be found like
anywhere in nature right that's okay
okay then okay well let's let's
categorize out the way that you've
described it especially not that place
oh yeah I agree that a man ought to be
something with an X Y chromosome okay
now my question is why because that's
the healthy male genetic composition of
a human being okay so notice how many
like weasel words you just use it what
do you mean by healthy composition are
using productive but able to reproduce
okay so you're deaf
and then if man is something that is
able to inject sperm into something else
that's like your definition of like male
that's a you say mailman mail I guess or
how do you what do you want to say well
I mean this thing it's incredibly
concave I mean the the mail I presume
describes the chromosomal and physical
arrangement of the biological matter
that makes up human being right and then
we have female ones as well and we also
have a category of like very you know
deviations is any necessity condition
you give me for male I'm going to point
to a category of people that we both
consider male that don't meet it let's
say that unless you know the man that's
having testicular cancer right is this
no longer a meal or do you have a
different like criteria for mine male or
female I don't I don't agree that like
injuries that happen to someone in the
course of their life and negate the
thing that they are what if what if we
consider that ozone what wait what do we
consider the injury to be sex
reassignment surgery yeah but I'm not
I'm not suggesting these categories are
not perfect and universal
oh cool neither am i that's why I'm
arguing that we can slightly change them
in order to include more people happy
anymore
okay yeah but I don't agree that the the
general male a man who can be expanded
so dramatically to include the other
gender role okay the other the the
biology of the undertook the Janet I
understand that okay I understand your
point there and earlier when I asked you
this is what week this is how we came
here like ten minutes ago I said okay
well can you give you an example of how
expanding that can be damaging to you
and then you said interpersonal
relationships and we kind of stopped
there so let's say we do that so now
we're back here let's expand man to also
include trans men let's expand women to
also include trans women now what damage
are harms that cause to any traditional
sargon man or sargon woman like okay
well I don't know what you mean by song
go mono song you're a definition and you
what you've done is change the
definition so radically as to include
its antonym
so I don't know why
would agree to that okay if we're
talking about okay well let's listen
let's be a little bit worth there okay
okay I'm gonna let me ask you a question
right would you would you date a
transgender male-to-female I think I
would sure yeah you'd have there's a
basically it's a long story but yeah if
I thought about this a lot before and I
almost said yeah yeah and if if you were
thinking you want to have children one
day mommy I know you could know that I
wouldn't would you
but why not because I would want to have
somebody that can have children yeah but
you're being trans exclusive you're
being transphobic no I'm looking for
someone that can have children this
means that there are hetero cuz you
think you have a plan but you don't but
this means that there are none there are
i kissing normal I'm sorry I'm using
certain language that means that there
are cisgender you're using normal person
well I'm using words I think you
understand um I can find a cisgendered
instances game a cisgendered woman okay
that I wouldn't want a date if she
couldn't have children if I wanted to
have children
right yeah so I'm not being trans
exclusive I'm just looking for someone
they can have children yeah but you
would also still be being trans
exclusive because ultimately your your
definition of I mean you know like like
you you're not suggesting that there
there should be no other differences
right so like I said it's not just this
one aspect this is just the most this is
just most glaring an obvious one I mean
there are let's go on down you can
actually defend because the fertility
was not a go funded everything perfectly
fine because I just told you I should
not date a normal I was [ __ ] soon I
could not get a cisgender okay I could
not did a cisgender woman and it could
be because she can't have children and
that's it I can do that just as well as
any trans woman like could be if you if
she didn't tell you would you feel
deceived if I didn't know that she was
infertile yeah if I said I wanted have
children yeah for of course yeah but um
do you think that there would be any any
concern from from say activist groups
who might consider it transphobic no
I'll consider a woman
who couldn't have children to not turn
out turn out what to not be a real woman
no because I wouldn't make that claim I
would just say like hey I want to have
children are you capable of having
children and the other person whether
they're a cisgender woman or a trans
woman would say oh well I'm infertile
and I would say oh well I that's not
what I'm looking for and I don't think
any any reasonable trans person would
have a problem with that they go oh well
they really wanted to children then yeah
you can't be I'm sure that a reasonable
one wouldn't which is the thing is most
trans people I don't think that there
are trans activists that are saying like
people are acting like trans people are
saying you have to like pair up every
cisgender male with a trans woman and
force them to date that would be happy
like I mean I don't think anyone is
really advocating for this yeah do you
think that there's any kind of
obligation getting back to the getting
back the the unilateral and definitions
of words do you not think that there's
something inherently entitled to the
idea of trying to change language what
like without the consent of wider
society yeah of course there's an
entitlement there but I would argue to
be entitled in that way absolutely you
should be entitled to your own like
individual rights and freedoms yeah of
course well no no no to my rights we
just took my language but I don't know
consequentially we're talking about your
right to exist to be happy in a society
that's what we're talking about if the
society has a language that is loaded
against you I don't think they don't
think that's something okay listen so
III think that you can pursue happiness
but I think happiness isn't guaranteed
obviously and nobody we do everything we
should do everything we can in society
in order to help people achieve the
greatest mount of happiness I think I
believe that we have that obligation
yeah yeah I mean yeah possibly
that's certainly one way of looking at
it but some well that is really
important because if you just if you
disagree with that then we can't go any
further if you think that we should have
a society where everybody can say [ __ ]
off to every other person and has no
whatever anything could could all be
horrible to other people and that's okay
and that's totally fine then well then
we just are fundamentally a dancer will
never agree on anything
well should people be able to say [ __ ]
off to another um in a way that like
severely harms or damages large groups
of people I don't think so no then
you're just for cents [ __ ] then if we
can't say [ __ ] off to like a group
people why can we say it to one on one
another well it depends on what you're
saying it for and to say that I'm just
for censorship is so and hilariously
reductive that's like saying you're
talking in some words like I mean like
what hey that's like it's sanely
reductive well you know you're creating
an argument for wide scale since [ __ ] do
you think that I should be allowed to
walk outside and shove my dick into the
face of a two-year-old probably no then
you're just for censorship so I found
the fascist okay but do you see how it's
certainly reductive that argument is you
say oh like there's this victim oh I
mean they're okay and there are victims
in society what we use and the reason
agreed that that's political speech okay
well other people would disagree
for instance which well so a political
statement when you just hug your dick in
the face forty-year-old what is a
political statement of women that walk
around topless
I mean people make political statements
and tons of [ __ ] crazy way what's the
muck setting us on fire outside of a gas
station like less that's why I'm asking
you about you shoving your dick in the
face for two-year-old I don't know I
wouldn't show quite clearly okay so I'm
wondering what this what your statement
is here I don't know I would have to
find somebody we have no political it's
impossible or maybe it's almost here
whatever and he wants to make a
political statement about pedophilia all
I'm saying is it all I'm saying is it
just because you're saying somebody
can't do something to reductio that -
you're just Pro censorship okay well I
wasn't trying to prick feelings there so
what what I mean is I don't agree there
should be I mean you know you can you
can make your ad nauseum that well I
feel like a girl and I've done
everything else I can do to be a girl
and I will I promise to tell my partner
that I'm not fertile and so I should be
treated like your nose oh maybe
maybe you know that's that's your claim
that's what you're asking you know and I
might consider it yes I might consider
it no there are lots of factors here but
I certainly don't think must be legally
enforced okay um let's say okay I'm
gonna ask you a broad question okay are
you ready
mmm okay when you think of whether or
not an action is right or wrong do you
think that the action itself is what you
look at or do you think it's kind of the
consequence of the action that you kind
of look at I think that all sorts of
things matter you've got intent
you've got procedure in the you go
consequence okay so when I look at these
things for me okay so maybe this
explains our different point of views I
generally look in the consequences of an
action to determine whether or not I
think the action is good or bad so when
we talk about something and this kind of
gets into hate speech right yeah you're
a utilitarian yes kind of sure well
that's what you've just described yeah I
would call several utilitarian this sure
yeah
but like most things but well I mean I
think it's a nice thing to be that's why
it's what I am but let's say that we
have a society that has a certain let's
say that I created society and one of
the expressions we used in society was
[ __ ] Sargon and we just said it every
time something bad happens decided you
know we can't we run a red light a
cockatrice we say [ __ ] Sargon every says
let's say that into society
trust but you know okay let's say that
okay in this society we have a whole
bunch of people that call it some Sargon
and all of them are kind of sad that
this exists right I don't really care at
the end of the day why people are saying
[ __ ] Sargon I don't care if there's
reasons or not reasons all I kind of say
it's at the end of today hey there's
some behavior that exists in society and
it hurts a group of people we should
find ways to get rid of that behavior I
think I think that would be good
so when we look at things like
transphobic language or hate speech or
whatever I don't know at the end of the
day if the best way to do it is legally
or through culture whatever but if there
are forms of speech that either cause
direct or indirect harm to people I
think that as a society we should try to
move away from that I think that we
should highly encourage people to move
away from that yeah okay well I won't
what point you stop it would depend on
what exactly we're talking about well I
mean hate speech then you know if people
start like you know if you have little
hate speech and they say right okay
we're gonna you're gonna go to jail for
misgendering some something like that
and then people still keep doing it and
they find like underground ways to
misgender I mean how how it's
erratically are you willing to become so
I think that the conversation around the
conversation around misgendering someone
has to be done in a very specific way
because you can do this in a
discriminatory way like a place of
business versus in your personal life
and I think these are two very different
things that have very different
solutions so like the question is how to
run a killer you prepared to become well
in the case of like owning a business
I'm okay with becoming very radical such
that like you lose your license to
operate or you're not allowed to do
something yeah if you discriminate
against a certain class of people much
the same way that I don't think a
business should be allowed to operate if
they discriminate against gay people or
black people or whatever right yeah
women or men yeah she's right a khadeem
it right so women's gyms are pretty fun
I think that we can both agree that
there are reasonable exceptions to this
and then a woman like a woman showers
okay so no no no no no let's stop second
because I I don't I don't agree that
you're on this side of the argument
you're presenting as reasonable okay and
I think the people who believe that are
not being reasonable so we I don't think
we can find a reasonable middle ground
there so you think that if I were to say
I think that it's wrong to discriminate
against classes of people for the
purposes of employment because they
create a society where whole groups of
people can get [ __ ] you think that a
good counter to that is well what about
showers that only let in women you think
that's an effective counter to that
position no I didn't say showers
jaesik gyms but I mean you've got but
this is this applies to all kinds of
things okay give me a better example
than a gym okay like movies you know if
you want to like you what you're saying
is you can never discriminate against
someone on the basis of race for say
someone playing a Zulu warrior or
something in a movie you know so we'll
we'll have a bunch of gingers playing
Zulus and stuff like this it's like what
these are these so firstly I think that
there is a conversation to be had there
okay in terms of like representation of
media but again now we've gone from like
things that have very good reasons for
probably being gendered like gyms or
whatever right
depending what we're talking about and
now we're moving on to like arts right
okay yeah okay okay let's normally the
thing that sure because the this you you
you you hit anything things I'm reason
for existing things are like gendered
like gems right I agree I think that
women only Jim should be free to exist
okay I think the people should be able
to self associate in any way they want
in that way like I don't agree that you
know but a business could set up a
business for women perhaps but then you
do get into the other side of it where
you end up going in and no blacks it's
this and it's it's not it's not
clear-cut issue so the clear-cut is
apart I think we'd be looking at like
what are the impacts on society of a
particular thing so if we talk about
like women's gyms it seems like that
that's generally a positive impact that
you know that people like a place to
work out where they kind of like look
like each other or whatever that's the
thing now honestly I could be persuaded
pretty easily against the existence of
women's gyms that's that's something
that I could be persuaded against pretty
easily probably and if we got to a
situation where people were where people
were like in cities and like men
literally couldn't [ __ ] find gems
because every gym was a woman's gym I
would actually argue very much on the
ante that I would say well hold on this
is kind of [ __ ] why do we have
women's only gyms like yeah yeah so like
when we talk about now generally this
doesn't happen right well this very very
very rare yeah yeah but before we move
on from that the programs you know
you're not operating from any kind of
principle and are you absolutely I'm
waiting for other people to operate no I
might so my all all all Mills greatest
happiness principle is an umpire it's an
umpire for dilemmas right so you you
starts you you are you're starting at
the end right
but the thing is I think there are many
more like way deeper problems when you
sit there and give the state the ability
to redefine what a man a man and a woman
is I don't think the states should have
that power I think that the power to
define what man and woman is should come
from society itself and that's why man
and woman look like they do because
these are the most I mean if you wanna
make utilitarian argument I think these
are the most functional
let's say let's say the reasons let's
say we're talking about society okay cuz
I don't because I don't wanna get into
like dimmer screen state enforcement
versus societal force right now because
that's another it's it's massively
important well but it's more complicated
than that because I could make the
argument that a state enforcement is
literally society in and of itself right
because the state only draws power from
society and in a democracy I make
argument no you can't make the society
is free association in the state isn't
society is not free Association what do
you mean yes it is free association
right now I can't go out and hurt
anybody right now I can't go out and
steal anything I can't engage in a ton
of different acts I can't drive on it's
the difference between liberty and
license what does that mean when you say
that Liberty means freedom to act
without infringing on the rights of
others and license is just full for and
what are the rights where do the rights
of others come from what are those
secured by and protected I consider them
to be inherent to the own selves all
shared the right to government the
rights of other people come from the
state well I mean if I go out and once
are inherent within you whether this
state exists or not the question we have
rights and if ten people are born on a
desert island in the middle of nowhere
where their rights at how do they have
intrinsic rights that if one person is
born on a desert island somehow and
they're their mother dies whatever how
do how do they right get infringed what
how do their rights get infringed
if there are no other people around how
can their rights be infringed I don't
know I don't even agree that rights
exists or a thing that actually exists
why why are we having this gauzy because
you're trying to tell me that rights are
some intrinsic thing to a human and yeah
I think I think I think the you know the
freedom for him to act freedom of
conscience freedom of thought for you
okay so then let's say that you I don't
know no bodily integrity you know all of
these things are they are inherent in
you and require an outside force to
interfere with no these are things that
literally are only like these are things
that are guaranteed by the state without
the state existing you have no you have
no claim to any of these rights some
tribe will roll through it will rape and
murder all of you and movement that's
that's all I'm saying is without outside
interference these rights are inherent
to you if you're left alone on a desert
island you can move think speak and act
in
be the way you want okay so what if I'm
on an island what if I'm on an island
and I start saying mean things to
another person how was that Willie how
is that a right of mind if I'm if I'm
impacting other person like that
how cuz you can move your mouth okay
what if I want to move my from you what
if I want to move my fist into a
person's face is that okay well that's
that's the difference between Liberty
and license wait wait why they could
just move away okay well I don't really
want to get in silly games of you your
positions are completely totally
unfounded like I feel like you it sounds
like somebody that is in high school
that kind of like read something from
like the libertarian manifesto and then
you kind of have like the one line but
like as soon as I push like but what
does it actually mean to have rights
you're looking at me to find agree I
don't agree I think what do you need to
finding I have to find everything let's
say that I go produce a measurable harm
on somebody by uttering certain words to
them or let's say that I can produce a
measurable harm on them by hitting them
I'm asking you to clarify the difference
from these two actions well it's also
you want to scale isn't it I don't know
is it I'm asking you well it must be I
mean like I don't I don't even know what
kind of measurable harm you would think
I mean this it really depends how you're
defining a calm is I mean normally we
can consider harm to be sort of physical
violence you know like is like what
you're talking about like punched him in
the head but so that that's a direct
physical act there are definitely ways
of harming people that aren't with you
physically attacking them but they're
usually quite identifiable and are not
usually caused by simply speaking
someone okay so what I'm asking for
again is for you to give me the
difference between these two things
let's say that I have somebody in Iowa
let's say every single day I go to this
person I say you're an ugly neck third
[ __ ] I hope you kill yourself and
afternoon two weeks he finally does it
because it's too much for me can handle
every single day look I got five other
people to do this right that's okay but
if I walk up to the person and I'm like
I hit him no I don't know it's okay I
don't think that is okay okay so well
this would you with me because you're
leading or something like that would you
so would you know about would you wait
would you call that hate speech or
no wooden kawaii speech so but then
neither would someone who believed in a
space cool I hate speech okay well I
don't know so you're telling me that
there are words that could produce a
nice bit of protective clothes
no because neckbeard isn't something
you're born with it's a lifestyle you
choose so different different god damn
yep I'm never gonna be depressed so um
let's say so I can produce a measurable
harm on somebody by uttering words full
or I could do it by hitting them what is
it what are the differences between
these two things okay why do I have to
explain the differences between speaking
mean words to someone and hitting it to
you I mean I just did that no you know
you're horrible so you're like you're
begging the question right you keep
saying like well obviously the
difference is hitting them versus
speaking but I'm asking you to
illustrate this I explain the difference
I don't think that the the measurable I
don't like obviously whenever you're
defining something like harm that's a
subjective term right the it's what I
might consider to be harmful you might
not consider be harmful right so we we
have to have negotiation on what we
consider to be harm and I don't think
that just saying things that people
disagree with or don't even like or
whatever isn't necessarily harm I don't
think that would be included in my
standard wait then why did you say
earlier that you thought if you had five
people all shouting at someone that
they're in neckbeard [ __ ] until they
kill themselves you said that that would
be harmful because that's different you
you've got a closed environment where
it's like five or six people on an
island and five of them in but
constantly bullying and harassing and
ostracizing the the other one okay
obviously gonna cause social problems
yeah that's not the same thing okay so
let's change it a little bit let's say
they're not directly saying it but let's
wait why can't we just talk about the
actual ideas man so let's talk about
okay find we have somebody actually
ideas lesson if there are people like
Benjamin using real-life examples
real-life examples okay you and a ton of
other people engage in rhetoric that is
incredibly transfer but and has a
measurably harmful impact on the lives
of you okay no trans people
Sherman's your beacon I know I mean we
can look at the suicide rates at these
types of people we can look at the you
know you can how are you gonna
demonstrate the Olive contribute to that
it's very [ __ ] difficult I mean
you've got
with a [ __ ] watch tuple study space
it's difficult it's not possible to be
able to and I doesn't think I am because
I don't really say much about
transgenderism I mean you just can't
want to have an hour discussion and you
think fast at this point yes let me
believe it or not I've actually done
things and not many of those things
actually involve trans Pete okay yeah I
mean you literally tweeted the trans
women weren't real women like you
literally videos well no the friends
sure but I'm saying you tweeted s-sure
cool so you you've tweeted this before
so I mean like you have talked about
this maybe not much I mean we could talk
about one tweet yeah okay maybe it's
just one I didn't follow every single
put you down sorry we could talk about
this other link black lives matter or
something more or feminism or something
more I mean like there are tons of these
kinds of movements when we can if you
want to change the subjects and I mean
I'm happy to dad okay look I don't know
why you're so confrontational I was a
talking to you because I really enjoyed
y'all your appearance on Jesse Lee
Peterson he was is just the most fun
thing to watch because he just keeps
framing a question in a kind of closed
way and then beats that person with the
question he does with everyone and you
handled it quite well so did her son
poker actually yeah I don't know why
this has to be such a confrontational
thing but um I mean okay so what can I
explain that let me explain it okay this
is this is why I'm so confrontational
okay because it seems like when I talk
to people I'm gonna say people like you
based on our last conversation and
things I've seen so kind of a centered
leaning people that say the liberal
would ever say right the problem is that
if I create a society where every single
day white people go out and they Lynch
black people they literally kill him
then people like you would say those
people are racist and that's horrible
and I would agree and we would all agree
but if I create a society where
everybody is saying you know what I
don't think black people should be in
video games or movies and I don't think
I should have to date black people I
don't think black people should
necessarily be guaranteed the right to
work bla bla bla then what happens is
that we can create a society that causes
a measurable harm towards different
types of people but people like you will
defend that under some weird con I don't
I don't agree that I would defend that
okay that's the feeling that I get that
when I talk to somebody like you unless
I can show you because literally earlier
you were challenging my statement that
being trans would be having all of
society be transphobic can produce a
mess
Harmon transpeople you challenge that
statement you didn't believe it so that
leads me to believe that you would
challenge other statements where I would
say hey hate speech can lead to
demonstrable form okay I I think I think
that there there definitely can be
demonstrable harm like from a society
that is openly transphobic but the the
problem is I don't agree that
transphobia is not agreeing to
linguistic changes of the fundamentals
of building blocks of our society
because whether you like it or not
language really does affect everything
we do and the the thing that the
transgender activists are attacking is
literally the the foundation of all of
civilization it's so I'm I'm
uncomfortable with them going for
something that fundamental okay but what
if changing that fundamental thing can
produce a higher overall happiness for
everybody in society I don't think it
will I think that when you disconnect
the concept of male and female man and
women sorry from the biological reality
of male and female then you are acting
as if these social constructs are
transcendental and to say that they were
transcendental means that they can be
replaced at any time for any reason
because there's no particular reason
they're in their place now I mean well I
I mean it's a different again it's an
it's a huge conversation can you name
the society that doesn't have male and
female yeah III know I mean there is
there is what is considered to be a
third gender and like some Indian
culture some why right okay but that
obviously an outlier that's obviously
not representing seven tribes Amazon
this this appeal this appeal to history
to try to talk about like prescriptive
and prescriptive behaviors for society
is not interesting to me because it's
not how I think about any of my moral
statements like if I were to think if
somebody were to come to me like hey um
do you think that like
like how should we treat animals or how
should we treat some group of people
like Michael is this necessary like how
do they do it like the snap that's not
I'm not really appealing to history what
I'm what I'm trying to point out is that
the the the the the sexual difference is
between male and female is part of the
human condition okay and it ends up
evolving out of it gender roles of men
and women and these differ between
cultures obviously but they're always
distinct and they're distinct for a
reason and I don't think we should start
messing around with that why not as soon
as you because as soon as you start
unmooring that from the the biological
reality of being a male or female then
you open it up to almost anything and
there's no real good argument to stop
them from being completely perverted
until they don't really mean anything at
all but I think they mean something
let's say I mean like you but the thing
is these kind of roles this has already
happened right like if I go back like 70
years ago right men typically didn't
have long hair men didn't wear earrings
are jewelry you know like men didn't do
certain but now if you're looking like
some of them manliest men today are
[ __ ] decked out in jewelry or have
very long hair right even like these
types of things so I mean like these
matza wait what doesn't matter the the
expression of the gender role itself
doesn't really matter you know I mean it
could be that all men are supposed to
wander around in ball gowns or something
and all women wander around in
three-piece suit so it really doesn't
matter if they but the what matters is
that they are distinct and defined why
does that matter
because then people can use them as
shorthand in order to communicate and
interact on yeah but like let's say
hypothetically let's say even that did
happen these these things start to wash
into each other like quite a bit why
would that be so bad because I think
they're necessary for people to get
along and to be able to form predictable
relationships again it's it's a method
of communication like we can't take that
away from the idea of gender identity
it's really well well you kind of are it
of course you are what does it mean when
you son like undefined things jet from
me
for me personally okay I prefer to date
people with vaginas that's just that's
my personal sexual preference if I
expand the definition of women to
include trans to include trans women
right that doesn't bother me much right
if I find out what some of these
genitals are whatever before we [ __ ]
whatever that's fine it's it's not
there's no skin off my back it doesn't
harm me at all if this creates an
immeasurably massive positive impact
though for people that do identify that
way then yeah sure that's really easy
for me to do it's not bothering me it's
no skin off I think that this drying
system and for you and for you that's
fine but for someone else that might not
be fine and you have no authority with
which to impose on them and that's why
when the state does impose on them its
tyrannical well everything the state
imposes on use tyrannical or by that
definitely do you think Jax is are
tyrannical no how is stealing money from
your not tyrannical but there's no
stealing money but let's not get into
the taxation as well off the bean pot
it's absolutely in line right the reason
why we're okay with taxation but don't
agree okay well in my in my
understanding of it the reason why we're
okay with taxation is because even
though we're taking money from
individuals we are creating a higher
positive net benefit with that way
they'd be totally utility greater for
society's gonna be higher than if that
person had just kept their money much
the same way that by changing a
definition but say trans man and man to
just calling everybody met or whatever
at least socially right much the same
way that that can produce a higher
overall utility for society that people
that are cisgendered men aren't really
affected that much it doesn't really
matter that much and then people that
are trans men are much happier as a
result of it yeah but what what I think
you're doing is just effectively setting
up a new aristocracy I don't think that
your increase in happiness over if you I
mean if you're on earth it's gonna be
tearing that's fine
but I don't think that imposing language
on the majority of the population by
force is going to increase okay just by
social pressures I don't agree that that
would be necessarily conducive to the
greatest happiness either okay let's
just talk about social pressure since
the state for stuff is
more complicated like well it does but
unfortunate we're in a position where
the state is actually enforcing it and
and I mean like I would even if you
believe all of the things that you
believe there's no particular reason
that you should think the state should
enforce that oh no I absolutely have
reasons for of course I'm wondering I
mean you could obviously it's not
necessary it is for what I believe to be
a good or just society sure that when
people come together but it is sure so
when people come together people can
create more value between themselves
than they could independently do you
agree with that right the two people can
have some level of happiness but two
people together instead of individually
can create happiness between them that
couldn't been experienced by either
person do you agree that uh well man I
guess it depends on the person doesn't
question generally speaking when people
don't whatever yeah the Unabomber living
out in the middle of the forest okay no
yeah so if we expand you you speaking as
if it's an absolute generally you know
social creatures prefer to be viewed one
another so if we expand this outward and
outward we have different systems we can
use economics even to describe
interactions between different groups of
people where we can understand that
value can be created it's not a finite
thing there's not a finite amount of
value in the world that multiple people
coming together can create value for
other people that they wouldn't
otherwise experience themselves or the
other good one of experience right if
you have people to sit in and so I would
say then because we all should want to
experience the maximum amount of utility
or value or happiness in our lives right
we're all kind of invested in everybody
else's happiness or utility or value
that if you start to have people that
only serve is like a net drain on
everybody else then these people are
undesirable and should be like you
should try to change these people it
should be like an active effort what
should happen to the undesirables I
don't notice I mean we're talking social
pressure at this point I mean there's
like a ton of different avenues that
this could happen on right whether it's
how we teach people or how we talk to
people or how we interact with our
friends or how we talked to other people
online or the Terms of Service we have
and things like Twitter or Facebook I
mean this come what one of the what if
the undesirables
simply don't agree with an ideological
preset what what if they don't believe
that God is real then it really depends
on the topic that we're talking they're
on what area you go to right
well historically society ostracized and
tried to kill these people
sure and depending on what your position
is on what topic yeah I think that's an
okay measure sure okay well like I don't
agree that society should just be free
to tyrannize this majority and minority
okay cool so let's ask a question let's
say that you are a black person in the
United States okay okay let's say that
somebody walks up to you and they put a
gun to your head do you think you have
the right to actively stop that person I
know I do okay let's say that you know
that a person is going to come up to you
put a gun to your head can you take
pre-emptive action against that person
or do you have to wait for them to pull
the trigger if you've got some good
justification for a belief of 10 yeah I
think you cannot con you okay let's
assume media let's say that there is one
man and let's say that he gives the
orders to send people to kill you one
guy's gonna send five people to try to
kill you do you think you have the moral
authority now I'm assuming a perfect you
know for a fact who's gonna do you think
that you have the moral authority to act
against this person if he if he's
sending people to actively kill you if
he's sending people to kill me yes okay
now one more step back let's say that
you have people like Richard Spencer who
are advocating for a system that would
inevitably lead to state sanctioned
violence forcing you from your home do
you think you have the moral authority
to act in violent means against these
people well no because I mean what
you're the equivalent of what you're
asking if I thought that some crippled
boy in a wheelchair was going to try and
find a way to kill me
would I be able to would I be justified
in killing him even though he can't move
no of course not he can still can say
everything that he wants but he can't
act on that so you said that if one man
was giving orders to other people to go
and kill me that you could take acts
action against that man if there is a
person that is advocating for a
political system that would have you
excised from your country by force by
state force how is that different how is
it not different well I don't think it's
different because both people are
advocating for an outcome that's going
to be resolved but violence being used
against you
well the question is who's the sovereign
and if you want to look at the outcome
the outcome is not in your favor because
Richard Spencer is never gonna bring in
society that will end up
exercising like excising transpeople
whatever it is you know what about well
that would be the goal of like a girl is
he can't do that
his goal could be to fly to the moon he
still can't do it but you don't first of
all you don't necessarily know that
especially for the state of the world as
its in today right you don't necessarily
know that right I see no reason thing
that will be the case okay how about the
fact that so many governments in the
world are starting to tilt a little bit
more right of the fact that we have
somebody in the United States White
House right now that is arguably like
very [ __ ] weird and pushes in those
directions like what do you mean I would
say then the most sensible thing to do
is not try and inflame those passions
I'm not asking you what is sensible I'm
asking you for a moral justification
that's that's what I'm asking war of
whether you could enact violence against
these types of people we use another
real example think honey only if there's
a real and present threat to your person
that can be justified and I think what
you're suggesting doesn't say a real
impressive okay what that's awesome
so you just agreed to getting rid of
hate speech because people that argue
about hate speech say that there are
types of hate speech that create clear
and present threats to the existence of
some groups of people that's what a lot
of people would say hate speech is right
yeah okay okay well if that's how they
define it okay so let's say for instance
you are somebody who is living in the
United States because your parents
brought you over when you were really
young okay and you are you filed in our
program here called the delayed [ __ ]
and rotoscoped but whatever daca stands
for something else you file for that and
now you're under that and let's say
there are a bunch of people on the
streets that are saying [ __ ] you you
need to get shipped out of the country
and go home using state force right now
if I would have asked you 10 years ago
or I'm no five
I don't member when talk what it was but
if I would have asked you like do you
have a right to do a view of the moral
justification be violent against those
people and you say well no because
nothing's gonna happen and now Trump is
in the White House and we're looking at
daca possibly being destroyed do you
think that those people have moral
justification to act against those types
of people
no because the the people themselves are
not like to pulsing an illegal alien is
not the same as visiting violence upon
the person and justifiably no yes it is
it is absolutely
you didn't you do every you do agree
you're being a contrarian so you're
telling me that you don't think it is a
vital I think we have the right in fact
marry the obligation to deport illegal
aliens because the criminals what
happened to free association Sargon I
agree with free association but I also
agree that the we should be a nation of
laws you have to understand the
principles all contradict each other at
some point no they don't
is that what you believe wait if you
would've said that it would be this
conversation so much who disagrees with
you think that's all principle
absolutely boring [ __ ] like it's
histology [ __ ] Christ
so you're telling me that all principles
are contradictory at some point like
probably I think you take anything to
the zenith in a contradictory angel so
when an [ __ ] philosopher we're
telling you is that any contradiction in
a moral system will lead to something
called the principle of explosion where
by contradiction your entire system
becomes pointless if you actually
believe that you were violating so no
this idea that like everybody knows hang
on hang on hang on right yeah yes that's
exactly what happens it's called dilemma
and you end up having to change your
worldview your moral framework changes
lemon is the best example I know of this
to explain it okay let's let's let's
back up okay sadaqa so let's say right
now you exist in a state and you know
what you're saying is your moral
framework to change and that's not true
no I never said my moral framework
didn't change changing your moral
framework embraces having any
contradictory or - totally everything's
you can have one you have one consistent
world framework and they change to
another consistent world framework that
doesn't mean either contradictory I
think all moral frameworks are
eventually contradictory I can't think
for I can't think of any that isn't
contradictory in some way okay
but the these contradictions normally
manifest themselves in dilemmas like
specifically moral dilemmas which the as
you actually said alt and the the
resolution of a moral dilemma mold go
away just because you ignore it it goes
away once you resolve it and you have to
make a decision and that decision itself
is an alteration of your moral worldview
so okay so going back to the dagger
people let's say that somebody exists in
the country
the government don't they seem to be
doing okay and now somebody removes the
ability for them to do that right and
they're gonna now under threat of state
sanctioned force right so ice
immigrations customers form its
enforcement whatever or FBI whatever
right will come and actually enact
violence against you maybe not like kill
you beat you up but forcibly removed
from a country and kick you out why do
these people not have moral
justification for violence against
groups of people that are advocating for
this because group people who are
advocating for on advocating for
anything illegal or even immoral the
immoral thing that is done is is being
in someone else's country illegally okay
so are you arguing because I'm trying to
get a moral answer from you and you keep
appealing to the law so you saying that
like whatever I no no I'm saying like I
think it's immoral to illegally in
someone's country and reside that what
if what if you're three then the parent
carries the burden okay then if you try
to get rid of daca you're kicking out
the kid that grew up here do you think
that's moral choice sorry say that again
sir so daca is children that were
brought over illegally through no means
there's no fault of their own were
brought over and then we're racing the
United States about the block these are
the people that are gonna be kicked out
right
so you think that's it's justifiable to
kick them out well I mean it is
justifiable but I probably wouldn't
myself okay do you think that those
people have a right to feel like they
have more do those people have moral
justification for enacting violent
violence against people they're trying
to kick them out of where they were born
no one ever grow up it you don't why not
no cuz I think we do have a moral
obligation to follow okay so now you're
gonna say the argument is that the laws
the morality source with Morales wait
but that's exactly what you're just said
no it's not I knew you gonna say that
cuz that's what you're appealing to the
law for your sense of world just no [ __ ]
I didn't say the look though I didn't
say the laws are you think we have a
moral obligation to follow the law
didn't you yeah but the laws themselves
might not be moral so yes I don't moral
then we have a moral obligation to
change the laws okay so you're saying we
have a moral obligation to follow laws
but laws
might not be moral yes so what if
somebody thinks that a law isn't moral
but somebody else is enforcing that a
moral law upon them like say during the
civil rights era in the United States do
you think that that person is acting
immorally to try to like not have that
law be enforced upon them no I'm not
necessarily immorally in that regard but
that doesn't change that there is an
obligation to follow the laws but like I
said I'm not saying the rules on the
source of morality okay so let's say
they hang on right we can't just rush
home from this because the the thing is
you've really got to put in sort of
countyians of conceptionally what we do
have to agree that it is morally correct
to follow the laws I don't
what kind of world you end up in if you
don't agree to that well I have a moral
system where I determine what I think is
good or bad based on what aligns with my
morals not based on with the loss yes
what kind of world but if my moral
system says I should kill you you're an
infidel and the law says I shouldn't do
I have a moral obligation to follow the
law then I should then you think it's me
moral for me to kill you because you're
an infidel under your system it might be
sure I mean what do you disagree that
people think that way I mean we are you
I'm sure you should [ __ ] what Muslims
like for half your [ __ ] career so you
should know that people think that this
[ __ ] is little yeah I mean you should
know that people I agree that there are
I agree there are people who think this
year is moral okay so I also think there
they're not moral people okay so if we
can all of us can probably agree I think
could be wrong but all of us can
probably agree that if somebody is three
years old and they're brought to another
country and raised there it's probably
not a their fault that it happened I
think most of us can agree with that
right yeah you have smoothie so if most
of us can agree with that if we if we're
not assigning blame to the person
usually philosophically we require
agency in order to punish somebody if
they can't make the choice we're not
going to punish the board this is why
things like entrapment are right so if
somebody's trying to punish a child
who's now grown up under daca in kick
out of the country as a result of that
why does in that person have a moral
justification to reenact violence
against those types of people because I
don't think that gives you license to be
able to hurt someone but they're trying
to hurt you
just because yep then I'll try to hurt
they're trying to get you free
yeah but that doesn't mean hurting you
all right we have to go
I cannot seriously I can't take that
statement seriously really well what are
you talking about dude removing somebody
from the country they've lived their
whole lives and kicking them out into a
foreign country you don't think that's a
type of harm uh it depends how it's a
Punk defining harm doesn't have right
but I don't buy any reasonable
definitely okay so let's say right now
okay let's say that I go to your house
and I take you out of the house using
the UK whatever the Brit Bangor Police
are okay take you to your house and I
fly you to America and I say hey by the
way you're living here for the rest of
your [ __ ] life I haven't caused a
measurable harm to you but if if I had
no right to live in the United in the
United Kingdom right
that was a US citizen and I was living
in the UK illegally then the state has
the right and in fact you could argue
the duty to do that okay so if you're at
the harm done to me look the harm done
to me is I mean you could say social
harm maybe but move her there's no way
we can start having the State Police
that you could say there was maybe
emotional harm but again I don't see
what the state can really do I mean that
you start creating license for massive
extensions of state overreach which is
why we usually relegate it to physical
harm as in violence done to you that's
not violence it might suck for you yeah
but sometimes things happen that suck
man so obviously sometimes things happen
that's sighs I don't necessarily think
the avoidance of harm is the greatest
moral good anyway okay so firstly
originally we agreed that a two year old
person probably shouldn't be punished
later in life for decision they didn't
make but now you've walked back on that
and you've said well hold on if the law
says it [ __ ] that person they should
be punished Billy which one is a okay
wait all right so can you Claire
I know okay if you shut up a word I
personally in my judgment think it would
be unfair to that person right but the
question is what does the person the the
bureaucrats or the you know the the
civil servant in charge think and what
does the law allow we're not having a
question on my personal feeling about it
yeah I wouldn't send them back I think
it'd be mean okay I'd give them sisters
you have a moral discussion right now
I'm asking me saying I think it would be
immoral to do that okay so then we so
you think that the state forcing
somebody to leave their country if that
person was there through no fault of
their own it had lived their whole life
there that that would be an immoral act
correct or no
well it certainly could be okay I mean
it depends it depends on the winner so
who the person is what they're doing
stuff like in basic yeah sure so if the
state is positioning itself to enact an
immoral form of violence against you
okay by deporting you forcefully I don't
agree that so I mean you could case
guess you could call that form of
violence if you want to be extreme about
it I think that most reasonable people
would agree that it would be a form of
violence to show up at your house with a
gun and say hey you are leaving this
[ __ ] country forever most people will
unit that is a form of again like unless
that's the same as saying it's a form of
state sanctioned violence for the police
to turn up at murderers house and do the
same and yes it is a form of state
sanctioned violence but some state
sanctioned violence is justified
I agree and you can justify deporting an
illegal immigrant I disagree but I'm
glad we got that we got justified deport
illegal immigrant because we just okay
let's walk again through the same garden
okay we just said it
okay I mean I know what you're going to
say but you're ignoring the fact that it
is also an immoral thing to be in
another country illegally but we have
but we both agreed that we weren't gonna
charge somebody with an immoral action
that they didn't commit even that's my
personal choice that's what we're
talking about as far as personal moral
choices here what do we
talk about the law right now what do you
mean well you seem to be saying
objective standards no I'm having a
discussion of morality with you that's
all I'm happening you you seem to be
trying to set objective moral standards
like you know if X then y always but
it's it's merely a to a mere so I guess
I can feel that we're ok to wrap up or
is there anything you want to say at the
end yeah um I thought was a really
interesting conversation I I don't see
how we can separate gender from the
biological reality it's supposed to
describe and I don't think we should
expand the definition of a gender role
to include its antonym but that's just
me I guess you feel that we can i my
only wish was for this conversation I
wish you would have told me why the
biological term male is supposed to
describe anything I wish I wish you
could have figured that out but maybe
for our next conversation for our
ability to operate as human social
animals that's why okay all right well
hey buddy
it was a fun conversation yeah Daisy
[Music]
