all right boys we're gonna watch this
video and we're gonna exercise our
brains all right on YouTube academic
sources and educated opinions are a gray
area when it comes to video essays what
might just be conjecture in our opinion
peace may be related to others suspect
there it's very deliberate and well put
together presentation however this genre
has been plagued by idiosyncrasies and
many are starting to notice and
criticize the video essay format while
many video essayists may not intend for
this to happen they might be
manufacturing how we view media
critically and I think it's for the
worst what I specifically mean by this
is that video essayists are trying to
make their opinion pieces seem more like
the end-all be-all objective truth on
the matter intentionally or not before
proceeding I would like to say that this
video acts as a companion piece to male
murrow's projects video the value of
subjectivity some of what I say in this
video will work synergistically off of
that video but their video goes into the
more sociological analysis of it one of
the most entrancing things about video
essays is their presentation whether it
be their editing writing or vocal
delivery it can elicit a feeling of
academic or intellectual prowess while
it may feel that way
you have to realize that some video
essays purposely do this they keep the
style of aesthetically pleasing lo-fi
hip-hop beats or jazz while delivering
lines in a very oratorical style I feel
that this often gives a vibe of
superficial grandeur I understand that
it is very appealing and it does work
the deliberate editing of these videos
contribute to this ruse you're probably
thinking to yourself that what I'm
saying here might not really equate well
to the merit of their work
I'm not outright discrediting any video
essayist I should say that they are
doing more good than harm with bringing
thought-provoking ideas and content
forward however this may not be the
desired effect these creators want and
advertently making things seem so
matter-of-factly has some strange
consequences I said in the intro to this
video that there's a gray line when it
comes to educated opinions and academic
sources on this website what I really
wanted to expand upon with that
statement is how video essayists are
framing them
his objective as possible rather than
trying to reconcile with the subjective
aspects of it
a lot of video essayists attempt to
bring mechanics and technique of
whatever medium they are talking about
to logically frame their editorials and
pieces you're probably saying yourself
but what's wrong with that
providing rational evidence to support
your claim is just how these people
prove their point while you are correct
it is the amount of emphasis we give to
the evidence of something rather than
the opinion we attempt to gauge the
value of subjective elements of whatever
media we're writing about by trying to
equate objective evidence personally I
find it more meaningful to talk about
the subjective elements of a piece
because it allows more speculation and
doesn't Rob any artistic intent away
from the creator's the fun and intrigue
of making videos like this is to share
your outlook because it allows more
speculation and doesn't rob any artistic
intent away from the creator's weight
objective evidence personally I find it
more meaningful to talk about the
subjective elements of a piece because
it allows more speculation and doesn't
Rob any artistic intent away from the
creator's the fun and intrigue of making
videos like this is to share your
outlook on a piece of art or media but
we really don't need to always use
strict analytical structures I find this
problem most prominent in film video
essays while I do like 90% of the ones I
see I find it annoying that there is so
much reliance on trying to equate
technique in relation to a shot score
meaning or a director's intent these are
just my nitpicks as a filmmaker when we
attempt to view a shots meaning only
through the production techniques used
we are robbing ourselves of exploring
the nuance of a shot video essayists
apply perceptible information to
something rather than attempting to make
it transformative for the viewer sure
you might learn how the composition of a
certain shot may contribute to motifs
and themes of a movie but there isn't
much going further it feels more like an
attempt to secure a monolithic
smoking-gun interpretation you know some
sort of objective fact about what the
movie is
and when I make that video I get a ton
of tons of comments of people saying
this analysis is bad because it's not
objective enough it's not objective it's
and like that's not the point
the point of the video is that it's
subjective that's the goal and the funny
thing about this is that the
counterpoint to that would be what does
an objective video essay look like and
when I think of that I immediately what
strings of mine is stuff like every
frame a painting and nerdwriter people
who have this sort of authoritative
pseudo academic tone and they talk
technicals they talk about the way that
David Fincher frames a shot and stuff
like that
they talk about it in terms of how
things are not what they mean or why it
matters they and sometimes they do talk
about why it matters what they talk
about it in terms of like how it might
hypothetically affect an audience how it
might hypothetically affect the viewer
the abstract notion of the viewer I
don't care for that style a lot of
people do care for a lot of people like
it and that's fine you're allowed to
like that but the problem is we've
devalued the subjective perspective on
art and on film you may disagree with me
on this but I want to see more video
essays that talk about the subjective
interpretations that provokes something
emotional or intellectual to its viewers
talking technical about certain films
can certainly get the mind wandering
with what you can do with certain things
but I feel way more inspired when a
creator talks about the subtextual
elements behind something and emphasizes
that we can all relay our knowledge from
film school or game design class but it
really doesn't do much for engaging in
meaningful discourse about art I try to
stay away from talking about specific
examples because I really don't want to
paint someone in a negative light
however I'm going to cite some positive
examples of people who do video essays
that I think can bring more to the table
renegade cut only talks about the
philosophical and political themes and
films Leon Thomas does it with such
intellectual acuity and earnestness
there really isn't anything extra in
this presentation besides this excellent
writing and analysis of the film's which
are more often than not backed up by
academic sources Leon covers all types
of films as well
not just mainstream Hollywood or indie
darlings one of the things I attempt to
incorporate in all my videos is a
similar aesthetic Nick's fears
idiosyncrasies is what makes her videos
so much more interesting in the genre I
am more referring to her recent videos
by the way the ones that follow a video
essay format there is so much character
in charming us about the way NYX
presents herself in all of her videos
she doesn't take it too seriously either
making it more believable and honestly
has an extremely good taste in film and
I just love the attention to detail in
the sets in the way of the writing
you
when I write all of my videos I attempt
to always leave room for discussion I
always feel that what proceeds after the
video is way more important than the
video itself I am aware of the fact that
I'm just here and this is in my opinion
but I more so want to get others talking
about it and sharing their opinion as
well I feel that this is the mentality
we need to carry from now on when making
these videos [ __ ] I thought this video
was gonna be something like a little bit
different and I could talk about this
and respond to this because I thought
that we couldn't kind of sort of agreed
but we just had different conclusions
but I'm holy [ __ ] I almost disagree with
every single thing stated in this video
yeah [ __ ] are mine I'm sorry okay the
so firstly let me give you let me give
you a concept that a lot of you might
not understand i've never verbalized
this before but maybe i should have so
he kept pointing out the nerdwriter was
like his thing okay so essays when
you're watching a video essay okay and
okay so close your mind or I'm sorry
close your eyes and open your mind okay
I'm gonna tell you how to think about
this because this is apps there's
nothing this is how you're supposed to
think about this okay a video essay is
not a statement of fact
it's a point to be considered so when
you watch a video essay I say the nerd
writer okay this is about a ghost in the
shell' right so the title of this is how
not to adopt a movie this is not an
objective statement of fact on how
you're not supposed to adopt a movie it
is an argument that the nerd writer is
putting forth for you to consider on how
not to adopt a movie this sounds like
semantics but these things are worlds
apart in the former you believe that
somebody is giving an objective
statement of fact as a from a position
of authority that should be recited as a
statement of fact
okay rather than well this is his
impression of this and these are the
arguments that he puts forth to our
this point ultimately for you to
consider does that make sense the
difference between these two things it
no there aren't now this isn't to say
that if you give like an essay I'm like
chemistry or something then I mean um
you know it's those are different but in
terms of like all the video essays that
you know we watch sure people watch
about um what's the name of the guy all
the really popular video essayists this
this video by Toni on how to do visual
comedy is not an objective statement of
fact on how to do visual comedy it is
Toni's argument on how he believes you
should do visual comedy so it is an
argument that he puts forth and then he
defends it with clips and ideas and
sources and whatnot right for you too in
order to strengthen his argument so that
you can ultimately consider the argument
right I'm just gonna listen and and pick
apart some of this know I'm sorry Toni's
our whatever the guys name is the guy
that has every frame a painting on
YouTube academic sources and educated
opinions or a gray area when it comes to
video essays what might just be
conjecture in our opinion piece maybe
relate to other suspect there it's very
deliberate and well put together
presentation however the first like so
this is what I thought his whole video
is gonna be about like the first like
two minutes of this guy's video is
literally video essayists spent a lot of
time trying to sound convincing but
that's the point to be fair the videos
that are marketed as statements of fact
on YouTube aren't actually same
inspector on ice cream the point of
making an essay is to sound convincing I
don't know why he would expect somebody
to go through the effort of researching
and putting forth an argument only to
constantly cop out or constantly weaken
their own argument by asserting that
they're not sure by by filling it with
well I could be wrong this guy was
saying that people like nerd writer and
Tony's I'll focus on much of the filming
techniques for the videos oh yeah I know
that's something else I totally discrete
them but that's later in this I'm just
focusing on the beginning here his
initial criticism seems to be that they
present themselves as very authoritative
what when you're giving an essay of
course you want to sound authoritative
this is an idea that you believe and
you're going to put forth as much
evidence as possible and then you're
going to try
convinced the person listening to it
that your idea is correct is something
for you to consider
right leg by idiosyncracies I mean
you're certain to notice it's pronounced
Joe Tony I don't know how to pronounce
this last name it's like Z Hou or
something
Shou precise the video is even it well
anybody OS to me not intention to heaven
they might be manufacturing how we view
media quickly I think it's are the worst
well I suppose I mean by this is that
the USA is certainly making me to seem
more like end-all-be-all Jack a truth on
the matter intentionally yeah well when
you make an essay of course you try to
make it sound like it's the truth that's
that's the whole point of defending the
argument the essay right nice before
proceeding I would like to say that this
video acts as a companion piece to
Melrose projects video the value of
subjectivity some of what I say in this
video will work synergistically off of
that video but there video goes into the
more sociological analysis of it well
the most entrancing things about the
us's is a presentation whether either
editing writing or vocal delivery it can
elicit a feeling of academic or
intellectual prowess of course so like
this the next minute is just gonna be me
saying of course like it's very strange
to me that he's like he is utilizing all
of these same techniques in his own
video I don't know if where this is like
some meta [ __ ] but like he's doing the
same in his video right you whether you
know he's got a script he edits together
a video he puts together things to
support his argument this is another
video essay an idea to be considered
write writing or vocal delivery it can
elicit a feeling of academic or in which
will promise while it may feel that way
you have to realize that some of us is
purposely do this they keep the stylus
like well everybody purposely does this
because you want to seem authoritative
on what you're talking about so that
your argument is more is more considered
right like pleasing loaf I hip-hop beats
are jazz while delivering lines in a
very oratorio style I feel like this I
think is a vibe of superficial Ranger I
understand it is very appealing it works
superficial grandeur I mean like so
superficial grandeur makes it sound like
you're saying that the person is trying
to make themselves seem more important
or whatever than they actually are are
more authoritative than they actually
are
I mean when you're giving like
subjective opinion pieces I mean I would
argue that that's kind of your goal as
an essayist right is of course your to
make yourself now if we were talking
about if you're going to a medical
conference you wouldn't want it to say
like hey by the way I'm a pro doctor and
homeopathy is real right that's
different but if you're presenting an
opinion on on a filling technique or an
editing style or whatever of course
you're gonna build yourself up to sound
as authoritative as possible that's the
point of a convincing essay right
the deliberating of these videos
contradict his ruse you're probably
thinking yourself that what I'm saying
here might not really equate well to
their to their work
an outright discrediting any of us asked
I should say that they were doing more
good than harm with really
thought-provoking ideas and content
forward however this may not be the
desired effect these craters want and
advertently making things seem so
matter-of-factly had some strange
consequences I started this video
there's a great line that comes to
educate opinions in academic sources on
this website what I really want to
expand upon it that statement is how
video essayists are framing themselves
as objective as possible rather than
trying to reconcile with the subjective
aspects of it I want to do is attempt to
bring a connecting technique of whatever
medium they're talking about to
logically frame their edits real some
pieces probably save yourself what's
wrong with that
providing rational evidence to support a
claim is just how these people prove
their point well you are correct it is
the amount of emphasis we give to the
evidence of something rather than the
opinion we tend to gauge the value of
subjective elements of whatever media we
were writing about by trying to equate
objective evidence personally I find
more meaningful to talk about some
difficult into a piece because it allows
more speculation and doesn't rob any
artistic intent away from the creator's
okay so this is the first thing that he
says that I totally 100 trillion percent
disagree with I had to back up and
listen to this like twice because I
actually completely set his home on to
talk about the subjective elements of a
piece because it allows more speculation
and doesn't Rob any artistic intent away
from the creator's okay so it's so well
let's I'm just gonna listen to this
whole chunk to make sure that I
understand this really well because I
sis we give to the evidence of something
rather than the opinion we attempt to
gauge the value of subjective elements
of whatever media we're writing about by
trying to equate objective evidence
personally I find it more meaningful to
talk about the subjective elements of a
piece because it allows more speculation
and doesn't Rob any artistic intent away
from the creator's okay this when I when
I hear this
okay so if we internalize his argument
and then regurgitate it in our own words
what it essentially sounds like he's
saying is there is a piece of art okay I
want to give my subjective
interpretation of it in as freeform as
possible while ignoring as much as
possible or any sort of objective
mechanic because I don't want to equate
that objective that that kind of
objective thing to any type of
subjective truth and in doing so I don't
understand he's lying about robbing the
the robbing the interpretation from the
Creator you can't you can never do that
I don't understand this this whole past
like 30 seconds maybe I misunderstand it
but like this whole past 30 seconds the
Greeks of me of like it reeks to me of
like everything should be subjective man
like I don't know
like I don't know if the objective
matters like let's just look at only the
meeting or whatever to say I don't
understand I mean there's a lot of
objective techniques you can use to
convey subjective meaning I don't know
this this passed like 30 seconds of
stuff sounds like really really really
really really stupid to me I shouldn't
use the word stupid it sounds really
naive any opinion essay an instructor
professors ever sign they always say to
express your thesis confidently they
explain that you're supposed to bring oh
yeah sure yeah we're past that we're
past that meme okay the fun and intrigue
of making videos like this is to share
your outlook on a piece of art or media
but we really don't need to always use
strict analytical structures okay now
this is weird because now it sounds like
he's trying to give us an objective
