all right how you doing today good a
butch so okay very good
all right how I'm not sure I have so
many people screaming at me on twitter
i'm not even sure we're talking about so
yeah okay i
I guess my I'll start I'll just say the
reason I got involved with you in any
way on Twitter is because I often see
your tweets and they're almost whenever
they go into any is a progressive to
leftist area it's usually quite
antagonistic and yep I sort of took the
bait is basically what happened there
that's what any finally say it I mean I
I mean I mean most of what I say I'm
very curious if there's a particular
tweet that I've said that you take issue
with or anything you want to go over
like yeah we can do oh I can't even
remember three days in the past okay I
mean that's kind of so earlier you were
talking about Hassan and the coop thing
and I thought that might be an
interesting topic of conversation
because I think you had talked about how
owning a channel is owned in capital and
I would say the business the the capital
you actually own would be any business
you have registered the channel is its
if I'm not mistaken actually owned by
yeah it depends on what you mean by
channel and it depends what you mean by
ownership I guess we would have to start
getting into like like when you say
channel do you mean like the
intellectual property because that's
owned by you or do you mean the server
that is yeah like the web space is owned
by YouTube you own the intellectual
property the servers are probably ran by
Google or Amazon or something yeah yeah
but yeah they're not covered by the text
anyways yeah I'm just in my opinion like
when we start talking about like what's
morally required of somebody who's
advocating for these types of things I
wonder what your
opinion on people who I mean under
underlying Lee speaking pretty much
everything it's individualistically does
come down to an individual's morals but
i don't necessarily think to myself like
hey I think that I need to morally place
people into socialism and I kind of
think that that's not productive I think
that it's not great to be talking about
morals and I guess if we're talking more
about the material conditions of things
then we're kind of in my opinion that we
start getting into a more interesting
conversation and I was thinking maybe we
could start with that kind of a thing
sure we can it's it's we can do that
it's very frustrating for me to start a
conversation when so much my issue with
left-leaning people is that every
analysis that they give of capitalism
and then the comparisons that they make
to an idealized socialized system
usually start from a moral foundation so
it's a little frustrating that we have
to leave those by the wayside because
most conversations typically start with
any sort of surplus value that you're
scraping from a labor is exploitative in
a highly immoral fashion and that's
usually where the conversation starts
like well now I just want to analyze
like because usually this is my line
usually say oh well economic systems are
descriptive these don't really like you
know this person makes $2 an hour like
that's not in and of itself inherently
evil like that's just an economic
analysis like there is no morality bit
yes that's an observation yes but yeah I
mean we can yeah I mean if you want to
talk about I guess like the general
ideas of of coops or whatever we can
share well you know I don't necessarily
think that coops equal socialism and I
watched your debate with Ben Burgess and
I sort of ever I felt like it really got
talked about a lot on on as if that is
socialism and I think that a lot of
people I mean there's a lot of different
forms of socialism and if I were to sit
here and tell you like I believe in X
type of socialism or Y type of socialism
I'm not going to be able to go down the
path and tell you that I have no
objections anywhere along the line and
and that I think that's we started
getting a hypothetical stuff and what I
would maybe like
come from here is that I sort of come to
socialism from a criticism like Marx I
come like the the sort of and forgive me
I'm not normally using doing debates so
if I structure this strangely please
forgive me I typically come from
I read capital when you played a clip
earlier of me kicking myself in the nuts
that is me I don't know I don't even
know but yeah yeah I I come from comedy
I don't come from like a severely
academic background i but at the same
time I don't come to this from really a
particularly moralistic backgrounds well
I sort of I read capital a few years ago
after something happened 2011 where the
media I was fighting with a gossip
blogger the gossip blogger printed this
story that was untrue about me and the
media actually picked that up and that
kind of defined my ability to interact
online so you'll probably see some of
that in the chat there are people who
will bring that up fine yet okay but um
I sort of wondered to myself why is
there such a power difference between
you know what I say and what this media
a Gawker specifically was who said it
why do they have the kind of power that
I don't like I'm saying the thing that
like it's equally as like it's equal as
far as like how much evidence is
presented there was no evidence on my
said it was just my my word there was no
evidence on the other side it was a
gossip bloggers word and that kind of
led me down this path to sort of
question power structure more so than
just like capital because I didn't come
from a capitalist critical background in
any way shape or form
I'm super curious just to just for the
sake of memes just yeah we can go
through all of that craft you know I
don't I don't even care I've been
involved in so much time I saw with this
whatever but like let's say that this
was our power if
would have been some socially owned
cooperative like it would still have all
the same flour wouldn't know well yeah
but it's also invested more heavily in
in the status quo than than anything
else like okay so but let's call it
socialism I mean okay so I guess the
difference here is if it's socially own
guardo's than a every level of
decision-making potentially we could
have a vote now whether or not that
means the outcome is different I can't
tell you but it does provide a lot more
opportunities for an actual democratic
when you say every level of
decision-making has a vote that's even
in socialism that's not true
no well that's exactly what I said
there's a lot of different forms of
socialism if I'm just going to start
here then we end up talking about a lot
of different things
just just to be just to be very clear
like there's no form of socialism that
would have every employee voting on
every no no vision made by the business
right they were just as well I mean that
depends it really does depend if you're
if you're going to talk about say a
liquid democracy or a more I actually
shouldn't get that requires me to start
defining terms that I didn't come credit
to talk about hensley but I will say
let's say there were three more
decisions or two or one just more
decisions democratically then we're
talking about a lot more people's
interests we're talking about a lot more
power the power is distributed in a way
that it's just absolutely not when
Gawker is owned by capital when it's
owned by shareholders or run by a board
or etc etc like you have a few people
voting and they vote once and they may
not make every decision you're a hundred
percent right there's probably gonna be
delegated activities but real quick into
this
okay I'm sorry because I love you but I
just get I get roasted so hard all the
time for my takes on socialism okay so
this is all intensely interesting to me
so first of all I'm perfectly it's it's
perfectly fine ask any question you want
yeah firstly I so I have to ask is
is your version of socialism a
for-profit version or a non-for-profit
version I'm a non-for-profit okay okay
so you're talking for some sort of
planned market then if you're not
working for profit like some sort of
well that I'm more of if you want me to
get really really explicit I'm more
along the lines of an anarchic
communist I wouldn't call myself that
specifically but I would say that I'm I
trend in that area okay I'm coming from
the more like contract oriented you know
exchange of goods and services products
labor etc okay I I just basically I just
don't see how organizing this company in
a different fashion like the issue that
you have with the company of people
being susceptible to cessationist
headlines of people publishing funding
information like this seems to be like
part of the human condition and not
intrinsic or baked into any sort of like
economic system I just don't see how
having more oversight I agree with you
that it's not it's not baked into any
specific economic system but what we
have in the form of you know headlines
all this at the moment represents a much
smaller pool of power a much smaller
amount of people if we did actually have
it to where these things are
democratically owned I'm not saying that
the outcome is automatically different
but potentially speaking we are talking
about a lot more people's interests and
if people are on autopilot sure I'm not
I'm not going to dispute the idea that
it's possible that misinformation can
exist one way or the other
however we do arrange it in a way if
we're talking about the kind of more
justification based hierarchies or in
theory and I'd keep in mind I very much
say in theory here an actual flat
hierarchy that's may be organized in a
more web or into way those types of
things you end up with a lot more input
from a lot more people now does that
mean nobody can seize power does that
mean nobody can be an ideologue or a
demagogue or anything like that
no III think that that's that's not
stuff that you can answer by changing
the
system whoever in today's society do you
think people will generally converge on
to like truthful or societally
beneficial things I think societal be
beneficial but I know I'm not like for
instance the existence of the Republican
Party if that was true well I mean
there's a whole lot of financial
interests that sort of drives a lot of
the Republican Party and I'm not just
saying like that goes away or anything
however the power structure as it is
benefits more from the Republican Party
and has benefited more from the
Republican Party in somebody counting
your argument to just say that you just
want to create your own
self-perpetuating power structure that
will reinforce itself though like if you
had some planned economy or whatever
that that would would play into people
necessarily having opinions that are
positive about that like well see that's
that's the whole idea of a participatory
system where people actually do have
more because we have a republic at the
moment we have a representative
democracy supposedly it's flawed well by
their horn what just to be clear America
does have a representative democracy as
far as I know our elections do have
integrity we do vote for our leaders
everybody this there is there because
somebody voted for him that's my
understanding of it but okay go ahead
well yeah but then if we start to bring
in you know gerrymandering and voter
suppression and those types of things we
do have flaws it's not as though of anus
yeah and and the way I see it is we have
a lot of misinformation that is the only
information presented like you have
large amounts of money that is spent to
ensure that certain information is
withheld certain information is
presented and I you know I sincerely
doubt you have an argument against that
I don't think that we're probably on a
different side as far as that goes no
but like it's kind of the central point
of my argument with Ben is I definitely
see that there are some flaws related to
the way that our society functions today
I just don't see how some theoretical
socialist system would would stop this
people still have their own interests
that they're gonna be representing and
pushing to other people unless you want
to get into some pretty extreme
positions of like banning all
advertising or something thank well I
see here's the thing about that if we
ban
vert izing then what we're basically
doing is banning expression now
unfortunately advertising is um it's an
expression of power it's something that
somebody with power has paid to put out
there so I mean you could say in theory
yes we can ban that but ultimately
there's there's gonna be ways to get
around that one way or the other as long
as we have free expression I don't think
we want to sacrifice that so no I I
think that no that's not really the road
it's hey do you have right now today in
the United States do you think that
people vote against their own interests
sometimes oh I certainly do but I also
think that that is the result of a you
know we're we're scapegoating you know
immigrants for for so many things are
stable earning various different races
where it going you know X okay group are
susceptible to all of these problems why
did you take so much issue with me
saying that right now the US workers are
dumb oh well because you kind of agree
with me and uneducated okay I guess like
that's kind of the thing like when I say
if dumb well what that means is like
you're inherently dumb not like your
situation provides context that insures
you can't on you can't see this thing or
or you know it sounds like the race
realist argument like do you really felt
it well yeah like do you think or I
don't know what level I mean I imagine I
have no charitable 'ti on Twitter at
this point but like when I say someone
is dumb do you think that I did you
really think I meant that someone is
like intrinsically by virtue of their
entity like incapable of ever learning
or becoming educated on some topic that
they're actually like defined as dumb
that these are like genome sequences
that are like forever destroying their
brain no but at the same time like you
don't have a context on Twitter and
therefore when people are using you know
words like dumb it does imply a less
charitable intent then just the idea
that you know there is power at play
that is withholding or boosting
certain information that changes the
context that somebody makes may be
socially exists in okay it implies a
certain it implies a certain viewpoint
to say dumb rather than to say
uneducated or ignorant like whether or
not you 100% meant like they're
biologically determinists quote/unquote
dumb it implies a leaning towards a less
charitable prescription for for why they
don't have the information yeah I can
see that on Twitter I'm I mean I would
say that if you're familiar with
anything else I've ever said have done
obviously you know that I know I'm not
terribly yeah sure I couldn't film it
I'm not sure if I would have said I wish
I could rewind the clock because I feel
like if I would say like workers are
uneducated I feel like I would have
gotten the exact same pushback but
people would have been complaining that
like I will say you you wouldn't get it
from me okay I I actually would not push
back if it had been educated but dumb it
does it just implies a less charitable
position in my opinion anyway
okay um I don't I guess I don't I don't
I mean I don't know we can go like these
are a very general arguments I I'm not
under the impression I don't agree that
like democratically running like every
part of society would necessarily
produce better outcomes for people in
society I don't know if like the average
person is capable of making like
decisions that would lead to things
being beneficial for everyone in society
because there well I guess my question
there is why not so I'm not gonna say
because people are dumb I'm gonna say
because but the reality of the situation
is that like people do I think most
people just want to work go to work and
then come home and then they either want
to go and hang out with friends or they
want to spend time with their family and
then they might go - sure they don't
want to open YouTube or Twitter or go to
Google Scholar and start reading like on
the dangers of climate change issues it
just most people just don't care about
they just want to work their job they
just wanna have fun and they want to
live their lives I don't know if I would
want to trust a person like that did a
site like hey do you think we should
raise the federal funds rate or you know
is quantitative easing not the best way
forward for United States monetary
policy I don't know if I'd want an
average person floating about or like
hey like should we export part of our
supplies
Chane to mexico so that we can sell more
cars or like I don't know if like an
average person can make a good decision
about that this person who's gonna be
susceptible to so much propaganda
depending on who has their ear well I
guess that sort of you know provides an
argument for me the idea that we
shouldn't be allowing the centralization
of power with you know capital I feel
like the more you own the more likely
you are to be spreading that propaganda
and maybe if you have more personal
effects rather than a private property
that you're running enterprise on and
you're not conglomerate and collecting
capital the likelihood of you being able
to actually dictate the information that
leaves those people down X rabbit hole
or Y you know path towards white
supremacy or what have you I feel like
it's just it's not necessarily a cure
for that but like it's much much harder
for you know when we all have a closer
to an equal amount of power for that to
happen so this is just something that I
so like I can push back against like
almost everything you said so firstly
insert in terms of incentive capital is
just one incentive for trying to
convince somebody of something else
right if I'm trying to convince a girl
that we should go home and have sex it's
not because I'm like leveraging capital
to do that or whatever it's because I
there's something that I want and I
would disagree without your leveraging
social capital and if you've yeah if we
that's fine okay well in that case
people in a democratically voted
workplace are going to have managers and
leaders right you have to just you're in
a democratic workplace doesn't mean that
everybody is the same kind of employee
and people even get paid for depending
on your organization so you are going to
have some sort of union leaders some
sort of worker leader that's been voted
on that guy will have more social
capital than other people and he has all
of the incentives to push the same type
of either anti or pro whatever
propaganda that he wants to based know
what he thinks is right the same way
don't know it as well well here's the
other problem with that is if you are in
a situation where you actually it's an
actual democracy then that person's
power is significantly more revocable
than any person's power in the
arrangement we have today
um sure but it still doesn't escape at
all from the incentive structure that
this person might have to push certain
types of it okay well here's the problem
with the incentive structure though like
when we're starting to talk about like
if we exist in this other system that
doesn't have them have like an official
market of any sort it doesn't have these
the same price setting and value setting
mechanism sorry my question is how does
that incentive structure apply to this
situation that is totally removed from
that wait what do you mean that was a
lot of pronouns sorry can you yeah I
apologize
so you talked about the incentive
structure the financial incentive
structure if we were talking about a
contract based moneyless exchange of you
know anarcho-communism type situation I
I fail to understand how all of these
financial incentives translate over to
that and that's my question here well
they might not necessarily be a
financial incentive since we've removed
that form of capital it could be other
forms of social capital so say for
instance say you have a leader of the
workers who's been voted on and he's
friends with somebody that works at
another plant and you're trying to
decide who you should purchase or I
guess in your system barter for goods
for in order to create some product or
whatever like maybe this guy that's been
voted on the workers kind of pushes you
off towards some other thing because
he's friends with a guy that works there
or because he like I don't know like
there's like I mean like all of these
things are right for abuse and in a
million different ways I'm not saying
that capitalism isn't it absolutely is I
just don't like the idea of here's like
a system that we have right now that to
some degree works for sure but I'm
suggesting a purely I don't say
fantastical but a highly removed from a
recurrently ad system and I don't thing
we want to be removed that let's that's
the thing I want to be removed from what
is I think a inherently an equitable
system like when we allow capital to
continue to centralize its power to
continue to accumulate capital there's
more and more of the ability for them to
rollback any progress that has been made
by let's say progress
and social programs or you know etc like
civil rights sorry I isn't that kind of
like I mean if we believe in some form
of moral realism and we believe that
we're working towards a morally perfect
world wouldn't most people say that I
don't if we did believe that wouldn't we
say that we've been like making moral
progress as a country though like
capital has been can't sit concentrated
into the hands of fewer fewer people
capital is any more efficient yet gay
people can get married you know we have
abortion for now you know black people
were typically better we don't have
slaves we have civil rights like we're
treating trans people why do we have
those things though we've made markets
for consumption based around those
things like you know gay wedding is a
wedding a wedding is incredibly
expensive involves a lot of service
workers involves a lot of products and
you know there's a reason why it's
normalized as accept it you can get
invited to it you don't think it's weird
and people fifty years ago did things
weird so I mean a market has been
created for a consumption in that and
that's not just because gay people you
know are equal because they aren't equal
in this society they had to continually
prove that they were okay sure that
which they've had to but I mean it's not
like there have been like these
egalitarian socialist societies in the
past that where all of these progressive
issues have been brought to the
forefront and everybody is treated
equally and all the gay people and all
the Jewish people and everybody are all
loved by the state as well right like it
seems like this is true you could argue
there's never been a state yeah of
course but I mean like you just any me
you just gave me like a like you just
gave me an ironically use maybe the
Republican argument for ending racism
you just have like well actually there
are financial incentive well cuz I argue
against people about the cake bakery I
argue we should have protected classes
in the u.s. because there is financial
incentive sometimes to discriminate
against people I knew somebody well
actually markets fix these problems
because they give you new consumers
which is that's like the hardcore
Republican argument for why capitalism
fixes racism and should well it's my
opinion that you know you find and this
is gonna be the thing that I say that
probably sounds the most quoted quote
sent to see this entire time but a lot
of the arguments that Republicans will
end up making and having some kind of
like concern
that could be construed as real but it
never actually leads back to some sort
of actual democratic thing that they're
saying it's always like kind of a smoke
screen and I'm sorry I've sort of lost
exactly what I was saying but ultimately
I think that these are arguments they're
they're ultimately co-opted like the
idea that markets solve that type of
thing I agree there should be protected
classes but I only think that there
should be protected classes because
there is a huge state there's a huge
state that basically picks and chooses
what's okay and I think that that is
wrong I think that capital functions in
a similar way I think that when you have
this massive centralization of power you
have all these people picking and
choosing what is okay and I think that's
ultimately the problem and I think that
markets exacerbate that problem rather
than solve it because I think that
markets are a tool for centralizing my
power they're a tool for rooting out the
most effective market tactic or mechanic
and I think that ultimately that doesn't
necessarily mean best that means most
profitable or that type of a thing
and I guess that's where I'm going okay
um yeah I don't know I mean like I have
I feel like we could drill down on like
any one of these issues and it because
it's I'm perfectly fine with doing that
like I'm not I if you don't want to go
on forever I don't mind I perfectly like
I'm more than happy to talk with you
more and I appreciate you not being
combative or anything yeah I mean I'm
not generally come better when I think
I'm not like screaming at people it's a
little bit like it's very strange to me
or maybe you can empathize a little bit
it's very frustrating for me that when I
tweet something that I consider to be
pretty factually correct and pretty on
point I get a lot of pushback right now
from progressives that will relentlessly
[ __ ] in my mouth for everything I say
and then generally when I bring on
somebody to talk is like well I don't
really disagree with anything you say
it's like okay well because on Twitter
every and I think I've done this like
three or four or five times know where I
brought okay but what exactly I say that
you disagree with it's like well
actually I don't disagree anything and
then it's like okay well that's
interesting like no that's just
it well ok let me go ahead and say this
way sure what are socks
ass I don't angry though I think it's it
feels like political camps it feels like
people have their political tribes I
yeah I wrote a book called custom
reality new it's basically about a more
materialist analysis of what people like
to call echo chambers in a lot of
respects
and personally it matters a lot to me
that we sort of have these like it
ultimately I feel comes back again to
consumption and markets each of these
groups I believe is kind of this little
market where we've sussed out you know
this little thing that we can commodify
and sort of present people as if it's
wonderful and amazing and it's always
one-dimensional it's always it's nothing
it's it's it's it's like a single issue
or a single aspect of an issue and it's
presented as an image and we we we have
to take the most two-dimensional version
of it and we have to we have to follow
the thought leaders so to speak and that
in my opinion is what brings us to the
situation where you know if I'm saying
stuff that you agree with I'm glad
that's that's awesome if I'm saying
stuff that you don't agree with I'm
perfectly happy to talk to you with
about that kind of stuff but in my
opinion like Twitter is kind of it
separates into camps because you have a
lot of different sort of consumption
demographics in my opinion consumer
Democratic sorry and they sort of have
self self segregated in my opinion and
this is this is basically where we're I
think that there is actually kind of
where I this is my ship that I'm always
talking about most of the time it more
so than just like hey coops are the best
thing I I criticized sort of capitalism
as it exists in our social lives more so
than anything else and I don't know I
feel like this is a manifestation of
capitalism exactly what you're talking
about I sympathize very much like
besides the left fairly often because I
tend to look at you know certain aspects
of things that are going on Twitter and
I say to myself what are you really
doing you're kind of just being an
[ __ ] to this one specific individual
and I'm sorry I've begun to curse so
much but that's okay but that's in my
opinion is a manifestation of the sort
of biggest fan or lifestyle marketing or
any of these various things like this is
my team this is my my party my this my
that whatever it's all been you know
sort of charted as a consumptive path
and I'm not necessarily criticizing the
people who do it because I feel like
it's kind of the only rational outcome
to what we've been presented in our
lives but it's just fundamentally
unproductive and and you know I'm happy
that we're able to talk here where we
can have some sort of a civil version of
this conversation I perfectly I
completely sympathize with the idea that
people are [ __ ] to you on Twitter
okay well I guess I mean that is there
anything that we actually disagree that
we need to go over or it may it may be
there may not be I don't know I'm
perfectly happy to have long-form
conversations where you know answer any
kind of question that you might can't
guarantee like I said I'll have an
answer I tend to stick in the more
social areas with this stuff but I
sympathize but I at the same token I
kind of I that's what I wanted really to
get out of this is just where you're
coming from with the way that you sort
of go at leftists on on Twitter I'm not
saying that you don't believe anything
like you say the plate the place that I
come from is usually I want people to
have conversations that are rooted in
reality that's usually yeah so when
Bernie although all the polls are lying
and Bernie is actually the most popular
or when people get on and they start
making fantastical claims about
capitalism like when a OC doesn't
understand what stock buybacks are why
they work well when people say like you
know well these policies Americans love
and all the polling data says otherwise
like these are usually the things that I
push back against and usually if it runs
counter to the progressive agenda they
get like really really really upset well
I mean there's some aspects of I think
media representation of polling data
that can be influenced but you know
there is if you can actually go to the
polls there's a very specific set of
numbers and you know I can't I can't
attest to exactly how you firstly
represented them but I imagine I have to
imagine that a lot of people haven't
actually you know looked at it and
that's not I'm not saying that's a
leftist thing or like a an MSNBC viewers
thing or whatever I think that a lot of
people don't actually read data but I
have a feeling you don't secure that
yeah I don't I guess I don't necessarily
disagree yeah I don't know I mean like
I've seen you tweet this as well whether
or not you support Bernie Sanders you
should be extremely concerned with the
clear I mean you look at the actual data
in that article like there are several
notices where it's it's a that like for
instance in one of the polls they
actually change the numbers to say that
Joe Biden had three more points than he
did which I mean it could be a mistake
it could be an intentional
misrepresentation I don't know but there
are points where there is actually
questionable media representation of the
data okay do you think I'm curious do
you think that Biden is legitimately
ahead of Bernie in the polls right now
that more yes I definitely do I
absolutely do okay
I do I think that it do I think that
every single poll is represented
properly no but I think that at this
moment Biden has a lot of name
recognition
he's very heavily associated with Barack
Obama and Barack Obama's very heavily
associated with the times before the
worst times and I guess that kind of in
my opinion it's very specifically
beneficial for him to where if he
doesn't do anything that's outright bad
it's going to take a lot more to sort of
bring him down in the polls then I
think that a lot of people think do you
think that Bernie doesn't have a lot of
name recognition like you know that he
ran is I think they six months yeah I
think that he's got you know if you look
at the poll of like individual donors
for instance Bernie Sanders just
absolutely I looked at one if that one's
pretty wild he just like has the most
donors in the United States by far yeah
I've seen the laps they look to the ones
that Trump supporters were posted to
show that Trump had the most widespread
support because they drew from a lot of
rural communities that had very low
amounts of population it's a pretty
missing the exact look well but but I'm
kind of disagreeing with the way that
this is frame like Bernie has a lot of
donors sure but the whole point of using
a geographic map to try to graph like
somebody support is an incredibly
misleading thing to do because rural
areas are that's fair okay I guess
that's not really what I'm saying though
I'm not saying like he has more support
I'm saying he has more more recognition
this time around than the previous time
I guess is what I'm really my ultimate
point is and also Donald Trump did in
the election to be fair yeah I mean he
didn't win by popular vote and that's
another like massive issue that I feel
like there's not really a an easy
solution I mean there is an easy
solution but it involves changing a lot
of very intrinsic things about how that
election is set up okay and so what when
you say okay well in order to I listen I
love you so much okay this is I I do
this so much and it it makes me want to
commit suicide I'm in a video game okay
the so like I have gotten so much
pushback on Twitter lately from so many
people that say my takes are extreme my
takes our [ __ ] blah blah blah blah blah
but every time and I dealt with this
exact same issue when I was debating the
alt-right or conservative looks
constantly people would say destiny used
bad debate tactics bubble blah I'd pull
him on I'm like what do i do that's so
disingenuous what do I do this right and
then when they come on they've become
the most cordial well I you know I was I
was I didn't mean it and blah blah blah
and everything is fine you know and now
so like for instance like so like you've
tweeted at me and you've said that like
I'm a conservative Grif
which is yeah I did say yeah that I run
I took the bait I took the bait but I
don't even think I was necessarily
baiting like it felt like it
look I said context makes things bad and
you know I'm not gonna say that like at
the moment I didn't mean that but we are
talking about sweater okay we are
talking about a point where there's a
lot of context removed and when you see
like somebody saying what was the tweet
that you said that I responded to that
with I'm pretty sure it was the idea
that I would debate Bernie Bros or
whatever about the progressive policies
all day all right I'm making them look
worse and conservatives and so far that
seems too true when I bring on Bernie
Bros the debate about about policy
points I'm hoping I've got a
conversation with Michael Berg scheduled
in a couple days I'm hoping this one
goes a little better but almost sure
like I guess my thought here then first
off let me just say sorry I'm calling
you conservative okay
but like to be fair like on Twitter
there's a lot of context removed and
this is why I say Twitter is kind of a
piece of [ __ ] he'll say you know you see
I see you know tweet whenever I see your
tweets is usually because they've been
passed around in let's say letters and
their recontextualized
in that there's nothing else said so to
be fair like what we end up having here
is is is like well here's another thing
where he's beating on leftist for no
reason and you know yeah I'm sorry for
that like clearly look if you've been
having a very patient and open when in
conversation with me and I appreciate
that
mm-hmm okay all right I mean I
understand I'm trying to I'm trying to
dial it back a little bit since
apparently oh no you don't need to dial
it back with me I'll tend to you know I
you know be a little bit better once I
once I feel a little bit more
comfortable here like I was a bit
worried about like exactly what level of
like discourse we'd be having here and I
feel like we're having a fairly open
conversation I'm perfectly I'm yeah I'm
not gonna attack it later okay yeah sure
all right well I mean are there any
other specific things you want to go
over to bring up or no I mean if there's
any other reason you I think that
Michael Brooks will probably give you a
good good thing I like Michael Brooks
quite a bit yes I respect your honor
yeah I think you'll end up probably
talking more about like South America
and you know areas in the global south
because that I mean that stuff is it's
wild I'm not very good at presenting
that stuff that's why I tend to stick in
the areas I do where it's about social
stuff but ultimately I think a lot of
the attacks that you maybe get on
Twitter are maybe because of context and
who is passing your tweets around and
how they're spreading around because I
think it's when you're saying like the
Bernie bros like it ends up sounding a
lot like a lot of people who just like
immediately say all leftists or Bernie
rose and and you know I don't dislike
Bernie Sanders I think the Bernie
Sanders out of the crop that's there
should win but I would say that Bernie
Sanders is probably not the same kind of
leftist that I am I don't I don't like
doing the competitive thing because I
don't want to sit here and tell you that
like somebody who's managed to gotta get
a bunch of public support I don't want
to go my grass but I would say I'm
probably not the same thing as Bernie
Sanders um for me he sort of represents
a an easy cudgel for people who are are
not the same as Bernie Sanders like I
said I mean there are people that are
far more like against the actual system
of capitals and Bernie Sanders and they
they automatically get grouped up in
with Bernie Sanders and thinking about
it that's probably what it looked like
to me at the time okay to be fair but
yeah and also combined with the workers
thing the workers are dumb thing that
sort of it's like well maybe we could
talk about that in a different way but I
guess that's probably that's that's the
image of destiny that I I had gotcha
okay all right well hey I understand
I'll try to be less inflammatory
on Twitter you don't have to on my
account but I will say like there's
people who are open to having
discussions I don't know how how
incredible Twitter's going to really be
for finding those people but yeah okay
alright well hey I appreciate the
conversation write it Thanks yeah I mean
I need any time I really appreciate it
thanks a lot I'll talk to that er all
right see it right but okay so so
backing up let's say that I get into a
thing where let's say but I'm very
wealthy for whatever reason and I go
into cities and I
