yeah it is really awesome when an
employee gets X and a 30 and a CEO gets
37 X yeah that's awesome right yeah so
again like these are like the child did
like the child like when you're like
maybe you are a 10 year old dude I don't
even know if you're allowed on Twitch if
you're making arguments that are this
[ __ ] immature right so of course a
CEO is going to make a [ __ ] ton more
than than a low level employee if what
is his name Sam Walton is that the owner
of Walmart is that this guy's name if
this guy were to get on Twitter right
now and spam the n-word okay how many
millions of people would have their
wages impacted how many millions of
shareholders would have their portfolios
tanked how many millions of jobs that
are related to Walmart could be grossly
impacted the CEO of a company has the
ability to potentially single-handedly
destroy a company of course somebody
like that is going to be compensated at
a much higher level than than a line
level employee like yeah CEOs get paid a
[ __ ] ton more than employees but they
also have the ability to do an
incredible amount of harm to the company
there are millions of jobs potentially
maybe not millions but oftentimes
thousands tens of thousands or hundreds
of thousands of jobs that are resting on
some of these companies
all right we're chatting with ex kills
me real quick I'm sure this will be a
real quick really simple agreeable
conversation how's it going man my
favorite disingenuous [ __ ] for my
subreddit and chat I am ingenuously so
indigenous okay let's go hit me up with
them Bernie communism memes no no I
think about this because I think a lot
of people especially people who are here
transiently haven't been here long or
gonna be kind of surprised that you're
stalwart defensive capitalism even
despite that you actually supported
Bernie Sanders in the primary and I know
I know the reason you did but I don't
know if everybody does so for context I
just want to ask you as a as the last
liberal capitalist why did you support
Bernie Sanders so for me the single most
important issue plaguing American
politics today is the presence of
corporate money in the political world
that is something that I think is a
cancer on our system that makes it
impossible for the representatives that
we have in Congress to to to truly
represent us as citizens and Bernie Koch
to that issue okay all right so I'm
gonna claim the claim I'm gonna make is
that if what you said is true and Bernie
Sanders is the last candidate and
one of the last politicians in the
entire country that you should support
if you're president
oh okay why is that so I'll explain it
in a few dimensions in the first way I
want to explain is by explaining to you
in a chat which I think a lot of people
don't understand is basically how the
political economy works and how it
functions because you talk about money
and politics as a cancer and I guess you
can call it a cancer but really what it
is is it just it functions as its own
market
there's just apply and demand
relationship for regulation and the same
way there to supply demand relationship
for other goods and services and I think
the best way to actually explain this is
to bring up an illustration you gave
somebody else when you were discussing
the manner in which the market
incorporates relevant information and
stock pricing a stock remember that talk
you had a little while ago when you're
talking on future earning potentials and
whatnot people will price that into
their current exactly that was beautiful
that was like spot-on when you actually
drew you drew a curve and paint we're
like okay here's kind of like the
baseline stock price right and for
example if there's some there's some
legislation that would bump their stock
price up by 10% and there's a 20% chance
of that legislation passing then you
know the stock market would be higher
than a sign but it's not gonna be all
the way up to the impact of that
regulation right sure well that's really
key visualization because if you
understand that dynamic you understand
why there is influence of money in
politics basically when you're talking
about the deviation between that
baseline stock price and the price that
would be after that regulation is passed
that's pure money on the table in fact
that had there's a word for that it's
called economic rinse that's all rent
that is on the table for firms to strike
economic rent is that what you call
economic rents okay the act of trying to
capture those economic prints is called
the rent seeking behavior so you can
imagine is they some does this rent
seeking behaviour that specifically
applied to politics or is this just in a
general term it's it's specific for this
in the political economy
okay people who use it more generally
oftentimes rince is like kind of
synonymous with profits but economic
rents in this case is actually very
specific Ocasek the rent-seeking
behavior defines the behavior that firms
take and capturing those rents because
you can imagine there's a gap between
the baseline and the world with this
legislation right uh-huh
so the extent to which corporations can
either increase the probability of that
late
station passing or change some aspects
of that legislation to alter its impact
on their market share they get a return
on their money for making investments
and changing that you do you accept that
you understand that yeah of course so
just so I can give an example so that I
make sure I understand everybody stands
for me only so I understand you are
saying that there are two worlds one
world in which a firm earns two thousand
dollars of revenue and another world in
which the firm earns one thousand
dollars of revenue the difference
between those two worlds might be some
arbitrary legislation and the the
difference between those would be
described as a rent rent seeking
behavior would be to invest money in
politics that's less than the thousand
dollar difference that would net you
that thousand dollar difference and the
difference of those differences would be
the profit earned by that lobbying
essentially right exactly that is
spot-on and so the problem with that
type of behavior is like you said it's
ethically dubious but even the bigger
problem with that is you have these
large firms who pay a ton of money and
invest a lot and capturing that rent and
the problem with economic rents like
that is that they're getting the
companies are getting wealth but there
aren't actually creating any wealth
they're not like building a better
product and that could be using that
money for things like investing in
research and development and for hiring
workers you have any workers raise its
but instead they're dedicating that
money to capturing that rank on the
table so what you can see with this and
what you just said is that the incentive
these companies have to invest in that
and that rent is proportional to the
amount of money on the table so if you
have a regime like dare I say Bernie
Sanders or Elizabeth Warren who claimed
that they were gonna basically manhandle
all aspects of the economy to give you
an example Bernie Sanders says he's
gonna break up the big banks like I know
Bernie didn't actually say that
Braniac specifically said that he would
leave that up to regulators who thought
it was appropriate if it was going to
actually very specifically memory of
Sanders I was actually shocked that he
said this I remember a specific
interview that he was somebody asked
would you break up these large financial
institutions and Bernie said no I would
leave it to the appropriate federal
agencies I'm gonna Skype you his
campaign website or Bernie Sanders comm
slash issues and it has in big bold
letters it's time to break up the
largest financial institutions in the
country right front and center and he
doesn't say how he's gonna do that
frankly he doesn't know how he would do
that sure okay I guess like maybe it's a
finer point maybe his administration
would but I guess he particularly
wouldn't so maybe it's the semantics
it's not really relevant but
right right but that's that's because
right now in our in our hypotheticals
we're talking about a piece of
legislation right now we're talking
about an administration just totally
[ __ ] rearranging the entire industry
based off whatever the regulator's
decide so the amount of money on the
table is gonna be in the trillions of
dollars so the incentives that companies
have to influence money in politics is
proportional to the amount of impact
that these regulators have on those
businesses of course so when you get
somebody like Bernie Sanders she says
it's time to break up the big banks I
guarantee you that's gonna that's gonna
create basically Golden Age of lobbyists
because they all are gonna have to lobby
to have whatever he wants to do done in
such a way that benefits their
shareholders the most and the more
active the measurements he takes in
these actual industries more money there
is on the table for people for companies
to invest and influence it you accept
that right that companies will always be
trying to influence politics via
rent-seeking behavior not always they
will to the extent that there they get
returnable yeah yeah yeah and the return
on their money is correlated basically
with exactly how much impact these
regulators are having on their bottom
line sure and we're talking about Bernie
Sanders who's gonna have an impact on
the bottom line based off argue Latorre
like choice is it's on a massive scale
probably unprecedented so if you care
about money in politics you should
really be concerned about managing the
incentives that companies have to invest
money in politics and when you have
somebody like Bernie Sanders with all of
the reforms he's talking about and
without a specific actual way of doing
that how he says he himself he's gonna
leave up to regulators like what do you
think lobbying is he's obvious don't go
directly the president they go to the
regulators and say look you're trying to
do this this is the way you should do it
and it so happens the way you should do
it is best for our bottom line and when
you have something like Bernie Sanders
that that's where I'm saying the
contradiction lies is that if you're
really concerned about it then you
should say something like well Bernie
Sanders Wall Street Reform would be
absolutely massive and it's very vague
so if I care about money in politics I
don't want that kind of vague large
rent-seeking incentive to be on the
table it's totally opposite okay we're
missing a pretty important part here
though aren't we okay well let me know
well there's two big things okay one I
reject your argument that eliminating
rent-seeking behavior are that
eliminating the rent that eliminating
that is good
but we can talk about that later the
main thing is that Bernie said that he
wanted to prohibit people from being
able to lobby politicians that was like
the big part of his platform okay so how
is he gonna do that I don't know there's
a number of reforms but yeah but I mean
this is you said this is the most
important thing too so like what's he
gonna do like what how is he gonna limit
lobbying I don't know maybe private
companies or the whole idea of super
PACs is probably not a good thing I
don't know it's a really tenuous issue
that has to be navigated but the idea
that companies can dump pretty much
unlimited amounts of money or support
into a political campaign in order to
influence an outcome is probably not
okay I mean I know I guess my critique
would be is he was like you say it's
like a single-issue thing for you so I
would expect more concrete like oh this
this is that they this lobbying lobbying
has its hands in like every single part
of the government I mean companies will
fund individual political campaigns via
super PACs and whatnot that stuff like
that probably not be allowed companies
have their hands in writing legislation
that they hand off to senators to insert
into bills that should not be allowed
any lobbying is a that could massively
huge thing yeah I just explained to you
why that's the case
yeah stopping it I'm saying that I'm
stopped that is why I'm managing the in
terms of economic rents on the table
okay surely minimizing you have to have
some rants there's some regulation is
necessary always gonna have economic
prints we I'm I I reject your rent
argument that no you know that was not
my argument okay argument was not that
you should minimize economic rents is
that you should not maximize them if
your goal is to limit the influence of
money Impala one suggestion that I've
heard and I don't know I would have to
look into the feasibility of these
alternative systems although I'd love to
look into them more if it was ever
realistic I don't think it is right now
but like one suggestion would be like a
public fund that politicians draw from
so for instance if you're running in a
particular City you guys have voted with
your City Council whatever [ __ ] for
like
each politician is allowed to spend
$50,000 or whatever for their
advertising for this quarter or whatever
the season for this political season
something like that where the funds
would be publicly delegated to the
officials but we're also talking about
another aspect of lobbying we're
lobbying a lot of it isn't actually
money or donations a lot of it is
literally these lobbyists going and
that's where the term came from they go
to the lobbies of the hotels of the
regulators and of the corporations and
make a pitch of the politician make a
pitch for why they should consider a
certain bill
so the problem with limiting lobbying is
you have fundamentally a free speech
issue and that's no I don't think
there's anything wrong with pitching
things but but the problem isn't
necessarily pitching things the problem
is the bribery so let me give an example
if somebody would have come and say
something like I think that coal is
really good for the United States and I
really think you should look into this
because we can provide a lot of value to
the American people or whatever like a
pitch like that I wouldn't really have a
problem with edges what do you say
lobbying that encompasses mostly that
okay so I'm not talking about those
types of behaviors what I'm talking
about is a behavior where somebody might
say listen I think that you should vote
in favor of this coal bill if you don't
my company is leaving your state or like
we're not going to be involved with you
or we're gonna give you some sort of
kickback if you do vote in the way that
we want whether that's paying for our
political action campaigns or playing
we're paying for donations to other
types of things or whatever a special
interest [ __ ] so I mean I guess in
my state we have we've had like the
governor's cut deals with complex
companies and Amazon like she do you
think Amazon should be banned for banned
for doing what they're saying where
they're basically like hey we're opening
new headquarters
I want these cities with these
specifications to give us like their
pitch on why they should be there and to
give us basically the best deal possible
to me that's exactly we're talking about
but I think that's economically
efficient and we'll see an ethical issue
with that but it seems like that should
be banned under what you're proposing I
guess it like the particular issues I
guess I'm generally concerned at the
federal level but I guess there would be
state related things I don't know if I
would view like tax cuts or preferential
treatment to businesses coming to a
state in the same line as like this is
how federal register this is how federal
legislation should change to to benefit
like a certain business over another
business I guess I would have to think
more about the finer points I know right
now do you acknowledge that the
rent-seeking behavior like causes a lot
of really bad things to happen in our
economy right that's like a failure that
isn't accounted for at the moment oh I
explained it yet because that's money
that could be spent towards R&D or
product development or customers and it
said it's kind of like song curing well
well not only that also but the
rent-seeking behavior can manifest in
actual negative ways for society as well
that a company could perform in a
negative way that reduces the weather
reduces a competitive product available
to a person not just because they're not
investing the money to R&D but because
they're making other people
uncompetitive or in externalities like
environmental impact or other [ __ ] like
that
that that kind of stuff is really
negative I
what I described that falls under the
umbrella of what I describe when you say
I'm sorry so I guess just to finish this
topic up real fast I don't know exactly
how I haven't looked into the exact
implementations I say that I'm a single
issue on this much the same way that I
would say that like I think voting
reform is absolutely 100% necessary I
think that first-past-the-post is a
disgusting way to vote I don't know what
the best alternative is but I haven't
spent much time thinking of like the
exact specifics of this just because I
don't consider it realistic I don't
think that anybody is realistically
talking about getting money out of
politics so it's just not something I've
looked into that much right and that's
why that's why I really think it was
wrong of you to support Berea Center
since why I don't think he's well but I
think okay well so we can talk about the
rent stuff in particular if you anyone
of that or if you had a final thing to
say go for it oh yeah lastly I was gonna
say cuz I guess you kind of solved for
this by by saying that by lobbying you
don't mean company is actually going
directly to politicians and basically
making a pitch for but that's actually
necessary and important and the reason
for that is that Bernie Sanders doesn't
know fuck-all about banking hears
nothing about it and even the
regulator's ain't no more about banking
but they don't know about the specific
idiosyncrasies of individual banks okay
so it's actually important for banks to
basically represent their interest and
go to these politicians and say hey look
you're thinking about doing it this way
here's why it's not fair and a lot of
the times like they're actually right
like the rules aren't fair yeah but you
have to because the banks are only
representing their businesses they're
not necessarily representing what's best
for all of America they're just
representing what would be best for
their particular business even if that's
why they're in that's why their input is
important because those regulators they
have no incentive to make a decision
that that is best for everybody they're
