hey guys what's up this is startups
episode 4 joined by my co-host and we
have special guest Luis rossmann today
how are you doing how's it go I'm doing
well we have this is actually pretty
exciting this is gonna be like the first
time we've had like I think like a
really big like computer tech guy that's
been kind of like all over reddit I'm
sure you're aware a lot of your videos
get posted on a lot of the subreddit and
everything so yeah do you want to like
introduce yourself or people in chat
that don't know exactly who you are yeah
my name is Luis Grossman I have a
general electronics repair shop in New
York City it started off when I realized
that the recording and studio business
was not going to be a great way to make
money going forward and I noticed that a
lot of people had Apple products that
they were using for music as you know
consoles and tape machines and all of
that stopped being used so I started
working servicing that those products I
eventually went down the rabbit hole of
just from doing normal basic repairs to
doing component level repairs that most
other places didn't want to do using the
knowledge that I had learned from the
recording studio technicians that I had
worked with and then as time went on I
went down the rest of the rabbit hole
which is the extent to which the
companies do not want you to work on
your own stuff I was I decided that I
was going to start posting videos of
what I was doing
I thought that I would have a max of 50
to 300 viewers worldwide because of the
just an itch nature of the content and
my boring presentation and now there's
about eight hundred twenty thousand
people watching and it's definitely went
far further than I thought it would okay
do you want to I guess do you want to
kind of get into how you went from so
did you own a recording studio or did
you just work in one as an employee or
how did that work I guess I wanted to be
a recording engineer so I wound up going
on the doors of almost every studio in
New York City or showing up or calling
and I wound up getting hired a
progressive music which was kind of a
dump and then I got hired as an intern
in Avatar studios which at least before
they got bought by Berkeley was one of
the best recording studios in the world
they had you know that that's where
Bruce Springsteen did all hauls
recordings Liza Minnelli and it was the
last place at left in New York City that
could actually fit an orchestra into one
room so the I got started there as
and that was about 2007 do you have like
a music background you play anything or
do you just like audio engineering
alright no I just I just like music I
have I don't have much of an audio
backgrounds I'm not I mean a music
background I can't play music at all so
that's why I eventually was pushed away
from the recording engineer production
assistant were all into the role of
technician because I was I was good at
that
I was awful at music just because even
even if you're a recording engineer even
if you're not actually making the music
if they say you know go to the bridge
you have to actually know what what the
bridge is and I was just so not
knowledgeable about music that I was
useless as a recording engineer
really interests me of all like the tech
related jobs you could get what I guess
between doing anything related to some
programming or any other number of I
don't know how many other like physical
Hardware drums there would be what drew
you to trying to do like recording I'm
curious just without having a music
background I well I really enjoyed
listening in music and I enjoy it and I
wanted to know why does it that this
album sounds like this and that album
sounds like that or especially from one
group I would wonder why does this album
sound really amazing and this wouldn't
sound like garbage because before I knew
any better I just thought that the band
got in a room one microphone was put up
and then that was just published because
you know that was an ignorant teenager
and then when I realized that there's
actually an art form in a science as to
why it is one album is gonna sound
different from another and that there
are people that have input in this
process I thought that that was very
interesting I wanted to be a part of
that process and I was interested in
just because I was I didn't like
listening to albums from groups that I
liked that sounded like trash so I
thought you know I would I want to learn
this and I want to become good at it and
I want to be able to do better okay cool
did you go to school for anything
related to this I took I had a very
brief stint at one of those scam audio
schools called IAR but I wound up
dropping out before finishing and one of
the things that was interesting is that
one of my teachers there was actually a
technician at Avatar studios about 11
years before I worked there and they
knew him by name they he had messed up
so much stuff that they actually still
knew him by name 11 years later and they
decided they were going to reteach me
everything that I learned once they
realized I had taken electronics course
with that guy God cheese
so what was the process of
the switch from from bats and moving
towards electronics repairs it seems
like I'm very technically oriented
difficult learn skillset to just kind of
make that's well I was I had it was much
better at with a soldering iron and
reading schematics and things like that
then I was at dealing with clients I was
socially awkward that's one part you
need to be a recording engineer I also
didn't know a lot about music that's
another thing you needed so I was kind
of goaded in that direction the other
thing that pushed me in that direction
at avatar studios one of the pinnacle
points for me was that a lot of the
people this is probably offensive but I
don't know I was the phrase that a lot
of the people who are the production
assistants and the recording engineer
assistants assistant engineers they were
very much so hipsters you know that they
they wore the you know they they it was
kind of that aura of well you wouldn't
know this book because it's not
mainstream if you ask somebody what the
name of a book was rather than just
telling you what the name of the book
was so that you can look it up for
yourself that kind of thing it was the
very that hipsterish culture the very
kind of elitist hipster rich culture and
I did not get and I didn't get along
with them and I tried to but I was
different they didn't dressed the same I
didn't talk the same I wasn't invited
I wasn't a part of it so I you know I
got made fun of quite a bit and then
there were the technicians that worked
there they were kind of the old-school
plumber types they were all about 20
years older they all they kind of spoke
like you would imagine an old-school New
York plumber would talk and I got along
at them very well and they were not that
that stereotype so I got along with them
and one day I was cleaning one of the
toilets in the room and the guy said you
know you've been in there forever can I
use the bathroom and I said well just
give me one sec almost done cleaning and
the guy says you're cleaning the toilet
and I said yeah that's my job and he
said nobody else here does that and then
I shook his hand and I told him I was
really interested in what he was doing
with this one figured if I think was in
Nev 22:54 compressor or something like
that and I told him I thought it was
really cool that he was able to
troubleshoot and figure something out
with it and he said yeah man you can
come by and check out what we're doing
so that was that was really interesting
to me because on one hand I had a group
of people who kind of ignored me weren't
exactly very fond of the
that I was working there and that I
didn't know how to relate to at all
because every time I try to relate to
them there'd be this kind of elitism of
you know where hipsters we know
understand aspects of culture that you
don't we wear ironic shoes and all that
and then I had this other group of
people that actually admired the fact
that I was doing my job that liked me
that appreciate that what we're saying
here you can come into the room and
check out what we're doing so that was
did that shift me away from the
recording side or the my pursuit of
becoming an assistant engineer and our
production assistant assistant engineer
in the recording engineer over to being
a technician and that was in fall of
2007 interesting that happens over the
course of how many year so I got my
internship best music and May of 2007
I've got internship at our Studios our
member doesn't wait and we're I'm sorry
we're kind of falling it's like lagging
like just a little bit sorry about that
I'm just waiting a second for to settle
down okay try again okay so I could you
could you oh man yeah so I started at
around May of 2007 it was I learned a
lot there I learned a lot about common
sense of business and thing but studio
was for lack of a better way to say it
all and then I wanted to get I wanted to
get experience at a place that of those
hoeing somewhere I could learn more
that's where I think that's why I
started it so I started there in
September 2007 okay and I hope to become
it and that month then is when
technicians I think it was Phil yeah
Phil not he to work at Polk Audio you
notice that I actually cared and he come
and check out anytime you want and
around one or two months I'm sorry oh my
god it's like come on just wait let's
just wait like 10 seconds I don't know
if I'm on the bottom left of your
discord thing is there like a green or
red indicator does it say if it's like
where it says like connected it says
video connected 17 milliseconds in one
bar or like oh it's one bar okay hold on
we just have to wait a second there's no
way to like switch to servers where the
call is they're down we could redo the
call I think just like every now and let
your voice let you like turning
mr. Roboto I don't know why his video is
completely frozen from around now also
hi Lois okay wait okay I'm gonna try
switching the servers and the top right
we're on us east i'll try switching to
central hold on one sec oh okay does
this work hello yeah hello
Oh oh my God thank God okay yeah now I
have green ice agree amazing oh my god
okay I thought this is gonna be a
nightmare okay awesome
okay so I keep going yeah so and then I
started at a I started at Avatar in
September 2017 around October 2007 it's
2007 not 17 2007 is where the tech
people started to trim you know notice
me and treat me differently and that's
and that's when I started getting way
more interested in working in that area
and then one of the managers said would
you rather work towards the you know be
the path of becoming a technician rather
than the path of being an assistant
engineer or production assistant and
since the texts were the people that I
got along with and the assistants
engineers and were you know just for the
apps everything that you can imagine the
negative stereotype of a Williamsburg
hipster being I jumped at the
opportunity to work in the tech room god
yeah how long did you work in the tech
room after before you moved on to kind
of like starting your own shop or is
this pretty fun this is about four or
five months I wound up quitting in March
or April of 2008 it was funny because I
gave two weeks notice one of the things
I noticed is that anybody who was under
the age of 26 or 27 would get called one
of the kids and I was 18 so I figured I
could stay here for seven years and
still be getting called the kid and
there were some people there that were
you know 20 to 30 years older than me
and while it was a great opportunity I
learned a lot there was a lot to learn
there and a lot of great people to work
around it seemed to be something where I
could work there for 20 years and go and
go nowhere so I learned I think 80
percent of what there was to learn I
gave my two weeks notice
and I they say I said why because I
imagine nobody has ever quit a place
that was so prestigious for without you
know being offered a lottery or
something and I said you know I really
appreciate the opportunity it's just I
think I've learned that about 90% of
what I'm going to learn I don't think
that there's going to be
a lot of future for me here a lot of
places for me to go and and I really
appreciate it I just wanted to move on
so and I and he said okay or thank you
very much and then I left and then I got
a call the next day saying yeah you
actually don't come back you're fired
they were there with from because they
were they were that offended that
somebody actually quit and didn't want
to work for 750 an hour for the rest of
their life really because then you can
actually claim unemployment insurance as
a result yeah I could have it because
the thing is again one of the people who
was working there with me was 12 years
older than me he had a master's degree
and he was making about twelve to
fourteen dollars an hour so I looked at
the way I looked at is I thought I could
be here for 12 more years and I will go
from seven to twelve and it wasn't even
just about the money was just about the
idea that for the neck if you call if
you have a company culture where you
call everybody below a certain age the
kids and I understand why that is you
know the experience gap between the
old-school engineers and the production
assistants but I don't want to be 25 I
don't want to be here seven years later
and getting called one of the kids so I
left and I went back to work at the
other small studio progressive music to
try to make it better the financial
crash occurred at the end of 2008 so
that place will end up closing and I
found myself entirely without work I had
bought a MacBook because I wanted to
finish up a session that I was doing for
somebody that I was using logic for it
showed up broken I fixed it I wound up
not needing the machine anymore and I
sold it and I made about two or three
hundred dollars of profit and that was
where I thought to myself you know okay
I don't have it I can't go back to
Avatar because they're they're very
salty that I quit yeah I can't go back
to this other place because I make
because they're out of business well
crap but I just made two to three
hundred dollars for about twenty minutes
of work let's try that again and then it
is so it's a job that occurred by
accident did exist back then I'm trying
to remember for Best Buy Geek Squad did
I actually had applied for a job at Best
Buy not even as Geek Squad
this was about two thousand six or seven
I just applied for a job as a regular
clock when they were hiring the low
level people and I didn't even get that
I got like I was really close to like
getting into like computer repairs like
actually as part of my early streaming
career I did I built computers for
people and then I touch like a
commission on everything and the I
remember looking at the prices for the
Geek Squad stuff and it was like I think
to like it too
to install and service a hard drive they
would search like $80 or $100 for
something it was literally like 5 to 10
minutes of work tops like we're just
like sliding a hard drive into a
computer we said that was like really
crazy the the charges that they would do
early on it was based on that I was a
geek spot guy back in 2002 I heard 2003
and yeah it's the bottom of the Rhine
the people that are hiring to do that
we're just using pre-made tools they
didn't really I don't think they did any
of the type of repairs he's doing if
[ __ ] didn't work bad capacitor we just
say goodbye on your motherboard or
something yeah when it comes to the
basics things like drive installs I
always try to preface it by saying this
is something you can do yourself here is
how you can do it but the reality is if
I'm going to stop you know working on
something that is really important to
put a drive in install the operating
system then answer all the the post
questions then usually we will build
something where we make about a hundred
dollars of profit for it just because
there is there there is usually a lot of
post sales support so this you know
where is this application how do I set
up my email how do I do this how do I do
that
I was marking like I was talking for
like it you can charge this much but I
understand that like even installing a
hard time can be a daunting task a lot
of people but the thing is what would
bother me is that they wouldn't just be
honest and say here's how you can do it
here's where you can buy it here's how
you can do it yourself I would I don't
try to upsell people on it like you know
do you want me to do this other thing
for you it's only once somebody says if
somebody says yeah I can do this I was
like okay cool
and when I say here's how you install
the operating system and their eyes
glaze over as I say operating system
then I'll take the business but if it's
somebody who's somewhat savvy I'll just
say here's an Amazon link here's where
to buy it
here's the screwdriver you need go sure
now the difference is on the newest
machines with that Apple's making where
they glue the screen into the computer I
don't know if you've seen that like the
new iMacs where the screen is about $600
it's held in by adhesive and it's very
easy to break because you're removing it
that type of stuff is just I see that as
a middle finger to the customer but so
so so the skill set for doing this type
of stuff it's not just knowing how to
use a soldering iron I know how to use a
soldering iron but as far as being able
to determine like hey the reason that
this LCD is not turning on is because
you can see right here as you trace this
down and you go to here obviously the
voltage on this capacitor like that's
that seems crazy to me I've seen your
videos to get that level of knowledge to
be able to do that replacement without I
would say basically having to go to a
school specifically to learn that level
of stuff how did you pick that up and
also be able to take a jump to same and
do this full time well the first thing
was the knowledge that I got from
working at avatar under the like the
Rick Ricky begins the ROI Hendrickson's
in the Philips comes with having being
having that internship where I could
work under people who were best-in-class
as technicians that that definitely
jumped me forward several years because
I didn't have to go to college for
Electrical Engineering and all of that I
got to learn all the minor the the finer
aspects of troubleshooting without yeah
like with 1960s and 70s equipment okay
you know it's totally different working
on an EVD 88 from 1976 in a MacBook but
a lot of the same general concepts of
troubleshooting of how to isolate an
issue how to isolate which circuit is
responsible for it a lot of those things
came from the other thing is when it
comes to liquid damage repair a lot of
it is what I try to get across in the
channel is that this stuff is easier
than it's made out to be I don't want
you to think that you need to know what
a Coulomb and frauds and all that stuff
is to just basically get started but if
any message could get delivered from my
channel it's the message that you can
get started on it without having to know
all of these things with just some basic
common sense and detective work so when
I start you know it's a lot of it is
cleanup in Aisle seven because there's
corrosion on this thing rather than you
know the FIR odd measurement of this
specific capacitor is off by five
percent and I found this using my Mensa
IQ so for example if it's liquid damage
and I see that there is liquid on this
specific section I have liquid on this
section and I have this problem so now
I'm making a pattern recognition
Association in my head
this circuit probably has something to
do with this thing so then I'll just ask
myself okay what is what is this you
know and then I'll look at it and go I
have no idea what that is so I'll make a
list okay figure out what this specific
type of drawing what is this circuit
even called before I even understand it
and then I would decide okay what is the
what are the individual
in the circuit called what is this thing
supposed to do and then I'll kind of go
from there and then I would also compare
a working one to a dead one before I
really knew what every single signal was
for so that I could try and figure out
where the problem was I didn't start I
definitely didn't start out with this
great understanding of electronics
engineering it was really just oh this
corrosion here clean up in Aisle five
and then I would make a list for myself
every time I said why I couldn't do
something of why it was so you know I
would fix this but I don't know what
this circuit is okay so I would make a
list of what is this thing called print
screen it posted on Stack Overflow ask a
friend whatever it is try to get an
answer to it and then it would say okay
I would fix this I know what this
circuit is called if only I knew how it
was supposed to operate now okay so now
my excuse for not being able to do it
was I don't know how the specific
circuit is supposed to operate so let me
find a known good one make measurements
of it and then contrast and compare it
to this one so that I could see how it
works so I buy a board or I'd find one
that's a customer had left that they had
recycled and then I'd make all my
measurements and compare this one to
that one and then from that and I would
kind of fill in the gaps to try to learn
everything rather than just going the
college way of let me learn every single
piece of the building block from scratch
I would kind of just I knew nothing and
I was just filling in the spots that I
needed to know as I went so tell me take
me through the process you've left your
job or we made something real specific
to that I'm just really curious go for
it right so in some of your videos I'm
almost positive I've watched you hold up
like a schematic I'm certain like Apple
boards and whatnot is that stuff like
easy to acquire or is that like hard
core proprietary or why didn't you start
with like actual like schematics instead
of trying to like figure out everything
by yourself well a lot of what I was
figuring out what I myself was not even
was with the schematic it was just I
didn't I didn't know what a buck
converter was you know I had when I
after I had spend six to ten months
working on pole techs from 1951 or LA
two ways or Neve eighty eighty eight's
there's no such thing as a switching
power supply in any of these things it's
60 years old so I just didn't know what
this stuff was and I hadn't gone to
college I was 20 21 years old I was
clueless so even if I had the schematic
in front of me I'd say okay that's a
transistor that the chip what the hell
does this do so I like at some point I
needed to even know what is a buck
converter what is it DC to DC booth
circuit what does this thing do
but now when it comes to schematics
that's a separate question and getting
them was difficult around 2014 was when
I realized I had this this mind-blowing
experience that most engineers are just
gonna laugh at how ignorant and stupid I
was which was that I didn't even know
that there was a such thing as a poured
view because there was a schematic that
showed these are the names of all the
components this is how they're
interconnected these are their values
but I would look at the motherboard
which was unlabeled and not know which
one was which and I had thought at that
time okay the people who know which one
are which those but those are the men
segrete people those are the 160 plus IQ
electrical engineers that are doing this
I'm just an idiot and then I found out
that there's this website where all the
they had the board view so they would
say okay this is resistor 10 on the
schematic here's where it's sitting on
the board and I went hallelujah finally
I figured it out
and it was I but I actually celebrated
that moment as stupid as it was that I
didn't even know that board visa existed
for this stuff but the schematics and
board views are very difficult to come
by usually somebody in China somewhere
winds up leaking it and then it winds up
on some Romanian a Russian FTP server
and then it eventually leaks down to
people like us that want to buy them for
five bucks apiece but yet it's a lot of
it is it a pelant us to have access to
that if a site is hosting them Apple
would ask them to take it down they very
much so are of the belief that that
stuff should not be shared and it's you
know it's their property it's their
intellectual property how dare you share
it and they're just for the audience I'm
guessing the difference between board
view and schematic is like schematic is
actually like laying out how everything
is actually connected but the board view
shows you where on the actual board that
particular six yes so the yeah so like a
schematic would say that that this
resistor is attached to this capacitor
and then this resistor so and this is
the value of each whereas the board view
tells you this is which resistor on this
board is that actual one because if you
open your phone or your your MacBook or
any sort of laptop you'll just see this
thousands of components in the board but
none of them are labeled so how do you
know which one is which I in the
beginning I was so ignorant so that I
thought that the way that you told which
one was which was you were just born in
a genius and you know gacho's I didn't
know any better okay and once I got the
board views that was when I really
started accelerating my my path to being
good at it because I had the information
so take us through you just left your
job
now the decision is essentially you're
gonna open up a store doing computer
repair how does that process happen
that's a pretty big jump signing a lease
buying equipment you need all that so
yeah that's that that's not even
something that was in my head at the
time so I lost my job and I decide I
bought this machine I wound up reselling
it on Craigslist to another suit studio
owner I think it's Pete McNeal makhni
olia mispronouncing his name sorry Pete
he owns a studio called Metro sonic in
Brooklyn that was my first sale and he I
just thought okay let me try this again
so I'm gonna buy a machine again like I
did that's advertised as broken I'm
going to make it work and then hopefully
sell it for more than that on Craigslist
or Ebay or something so I figured I'm
not even fit to offer a server a pair
service there are other repair shops
that do that nobody knows who I am
I have no credibility nobody's gonna
want to pay you know a kid in Staten
Island wearing basketball shorts from
job to job that doesn't have any
experience or license to want to do this
so I'm just gonna buy it and then I'm
gonna sell it and I did that for about
two or three months up until March of
2009 and that's when I realized that
buying and reselling was not good for me
because there was risk involved and I
did not have an I did not have the
capital to buy something and then if if
it didn't work you know just eat eat the
cost of it yeah so I decided to try now
I did have feedback on eBay from having
purchased a few and sold a few so I
would use that as my credibility so I
decided to put together this pathetic
looking little website and pathetic
looking a little back page Craigslist
and Kijiji and OLX ad that said this is
the one service I do this is my price
this is the île I took a print screen of
my eBay feedback and I put it there and
I tried to figure out what the pain
point of the customers was this one book
by Jim camp called start with no that
says don't advertise according to why
you think you're good
advertise according to the customer pain
point so the one when I had spoken to
people real quick there are a few is
this like the big thing that a customer
has issue with that they would pay
somebody to solve as I which made my
pain point a pain point just being the
parts of the experience that suck when
you're trying to get the service done so
for example there was one place that
advertised they will do this for 149 you
show up and when you show up they say oh
it's 149 for the part you have to pay me
an additional hundred to put it in so
one of the pain points is
you don't want to deal with somebody
who's lying one of the other pain points
is that that same place would then say
it will take a week for us to order it
so one of the pain points is waiting so
my little ad said here's wife good
because my feedback because I know
you're concerned about credibility but
the price that's listed here is the in
total price you will pay to leave with a
working device it does not change and I
will show up and I will get this done
within 20 minutes this is for the basic
stuff like screens or keyboards I will
do the job in 20 minutes I have the part
with me and you will you will not have
to wait or leave your machine so I made
my little website that had that
advertised according to the pain points
of the customer is based on the
competition and I got I started getting
business that way and I think I was
making 40 or 50 dollars of profit per
job at the time and I wound up moving
out and then I just offered this as a
house-call business so I didn't have
money for a store I have money for rent
I think I had about two hundred sixty
eight dollars left so I bought two or
three parts I would buy them as I needed
them I would schedule house calls with
customers I'd show up at their place at
their business their home and work there
and I didn't even get started thinking
about the idea of having a location to
work out of until late 2009 around then
there was a another studio that one of
my friends was working at and all of the
gear there was always broken because the
person who owned the studio spent all of
his money on cocaine so this was on West
30th Street and what used to be one of
the Music Building that's now the tech
startup condo whatever building and and
what you've been doing this for the the
repair thing for about two years then at
this point kind of on your own yeah the
independent thing I've been doing for
about a year so I started doing it in
the end of 2008 started doing it for
clients around March 2009 and this was
around September or December 2009 I made
a deal with the guy where I said I will
make sure that everything here works all
the time you don't have to spend any
money I was taking tubes out of the
guitar amps and throwing it at a little
piece of padding on the wall having it
fall sit the carbon would go away
instead of buying a new tweeter
I would cut up the coil and then retie
it together I made sure that everything
would work so clients wouldn't complain
and he wouldn't have to charge money and
he wouldnt have to spend money on
maintenance in exchange I wanted to be
able to use the space from my own
customers because I was getting to the
point where three or four people would
want a house call all within the same
one hour time window and I'm traveling
around New York City on the train
I couldn't make that work so we made
that agreement and that worked for about
two or three years until I got thrown
out of the space after I made a
reference to the fact that his new
partner was making their money selling
cocaine not off of a studio business
while I was on the phone with him I
thought I had hung up I was actually
cleaning my bathtub and it pocket-dialed
him back and they heard that and I got
kicked out immediately so it was at that
point I had been two or three years in
and my business was on wait hold on I
can't I can't go out so for that did we
ever worry when you like worked here
that like somebody would show up to like
either like raid you guys or like some
gangsters would show up to like [ __ ]
with your shop or what this was this
have our concerns not really no no it
wasn't a concern because I mean every
every recording studio would have some
number scribbles in the tech shop wall
upside down or something that call this
number and weed or something will show
up its ends the other thing is that it
wasn't it the company that decided to
buy this recording studio it wasn't like
that was their primary business I would
just see people show up that just
happened to have lots of drugs on them
and one of the people who worked for
that new company was saying this is how
you should run a studio you're doing it
wrong and I remember saying okay okay I
got off the phone I was complaining to a
woman I was dating at the time saying I
don't understand this you guys you know
by all means you make your money off of
whatever the hell drugs you're selling I
why don't you just let us do what we do
well and they heard that and because the
pocket-dial because the phone was wet
and yeah yeah yeah so I the thing is now
at the time I had also had a partnership
with with a second company that was
supposed to sell LCD screens rossmann
supply group that I was working with out
of there so I had a little bit more
money in my pocket than I otherwise
would have had and my repair business
was on the kind of steady ground now or
at least I had two to four thousand
dollars in the bank at any given time
rather than minus one thousand and two
hundred so I managed to get a space next
door that was about 3,300 dollars a
month from john gross barred at planet
to planet studios and i was sharing that
with two other people who were kicked
out of the same studios who were sharing
the rent and i was doing that for about
six to eight months in 2011 and that was
a big jump for me because i had you know
i collected rent from two people
we shared the space so i had maybe one
or two thousand in my bank account
I paid one or two thousand dollars of
friends that that did get that was a
kick in the ass for me that I have
thirst that this I'm either going to be
a house-call business forever and go
back to where was two years ago or I
have to find a way to do more so I I no
longer advertised by appointment only
you could show up at any time of day I
showed up at 8:00 in the morning I left
at 11 o'clock at night I offered
services that I didn't offer before and
it worked
except you know sharing a recording
studio with an electronics repair shop
in a basement that smells like we this
just it just wasn't very compatible so
as time went on we all went our separate
ways and that was when I found the store
that I leased now that place was
thirty-five hundred dollars a month in
the beginning he only wanted a two or
three month deposit and it was a
complete and utter [ __ ] box but it could
be refurbished or I mean renovated into
something it looks decent so that there
was a two to three year gap it wasn't
just I'm just going to open a store
after I lose my job a store is expensive
you need a client base to have the
income to be able to pay for the store
before you open it so there was a two to
three year time period there of me going
you know just do it advertising doing
house calls state you know and working
12 to 14 hours a day just so that I
could have that little 1000 a three
thousand dollar buffer that would even
allow me to move someplace yeah right
now it is it's in the East Village
that's a pretty I mean that's pretty
decent rent I guess at the time human
back then 3500 was was practically free
it's just I don't have pictures of the
beginning of it but in the beginning of
it it was kind of like one of those
1970s cars that's rusting away will you
look down and you can see the street you
could see it you know I could see to the
basement from my floor when I first got
there but I still I have it I could
either make that better and use that or
I could find to twenty thousand dollars
a month for something else which is just
simply not an option I was broke that
that was not an option so I had to make
that work and one of the ways that I was
able to come up with the rent for that
space was I actually sold a bunch of
board repair services online at a
discounted price I think I lowered the
board repair price to 129 to 159
and I said it will take six to twelve
weeks to complete the board repair it's
being done at a discount and I got a
bunch of people to pay for the boarder
pairs upfront but the idea that it would
take a little longer to get done and I
used that money to pay the down pay the
security deposit and the rent on the
space but then I had to wind up doing
the services so I was kind of pre
selling mice mice my success to pre
selling the idea that I would be
successful in order to pay for the space
because if I paid for the space using
that money but then I got no but then
the customers didn't continue coming
through or I didn't do the work then I
would not be able to pay rent and I'd be
destitute bankrupt back where I started
so that you know that the $3,500 of rent
in the two to three month security
deposit that wasn't something I just had
in my pocket that was something you know
I had to find a way this wouldn't have
worked out right well what I say yeah I
don't run a ponzi scheme on the
customers I run a Ponzi scheme on my
time because now I have to not only do
all those repairs that people have
already paid for I also have to deal
with all the incoming customers so you
know in order to yeah so I had a deal
with about a hundred or 200 prepaid
repairs that were at a ridiculous
discount and I also had to deal with all
the incoming customers as well with what
I had I had one employee at the time so
I would get to work at 8:00 in the
morning and I would leave at 1:00 or
2:00 in the morning and that was just
the way it was for a very very long time
and that was around 2012 I'm gonna carry
us right now for your shop if you can
say how many employees do you have or do
you have employees I have eleven or
twelve do they do like the same type of
like heavy lifting repair work you do or
are they more kind of like on busy body
work schedules or four of them do the
same the board repairs that I do one of
them is more basic the other three do
that one of them does data recovery work
on hard drives and SSDs which is I don't
even know how to do that is he's smarter
than I am his name is Steve he's the
manager and the rest will do either
customer service or the reassembly and
the basic repairs you know the keyboard
replacement screen replacement so
there's a distinction between open-ended
and repetitive so let the repetitive
stuff we'll you know how it's starting
and ending every time is handled by one
section of staff and the open-ended
where you have no idea what the problem
is it's different every time is handled
by the another section of staff gotcha
do you still do like do you spend the
vast majority of every times
doing physical repair work or do you
manage to YouTube we do you manage your
business or what is your time spent on
it's definitely split a lot more than it
used to be so I used to spend a lot of
time in the beginning doing the
repetitive stuff like screen replacement
keyboard a placement customer service I
was it wasn't even like I had employees
it was kind of like I was just the
co-worker of the people who were there
because like you know I couldn't afford
to just be a manager and sit back in my
recliner all day then as time went on I
stopped doing the repetitive ones I got
people to do that and then I was the
only one doing the board repairs in the
open ended once and then as time went on
I was doing less of just open-ended
repairs and I spent more time on coming
up with stuff that I could create for
YouTube so I would prepare it I'd find
boards that I thought would be good
examples for the channels and and I
would work on those I would focus on you
know that's building the channel
building the the online store building
the website but I still do spend a lot
of my time fixing things dealing with
customers you know and the reason that I
there's this idea that as a business
owner you should not be doing any of the
low-level practices at your business you
should you know the ideal business is
the one where you don't have to do
anything but the one thing that I like
about being able to about saying in the
in the low level jobs at times is I get
to see what it's like for the employee
so if there's a certain way to deal with
customers where I think we would reduce
friction or we would make people happier
I sit I can actually come up with the
way to do that if I'm sitting next to
the person who's doing customer service
and I'm doing it with them or if there's
something that we could - we could buy
that would make border pair much more
comfortable and better for everybody if
I'm actually doing the border pairs and
I'm sitting with the people doing the
border pairs then I can say you know I
think would be really easy if you had
this type of stencil rather than this
crap that you're using so being able to
actually be there with the people who
are working and you know not just you
know sitting in my recliner doing SEO or
whatever from home because I get to see
what you've done is amazing with the
online presence at this point because
even me being in Florida if I had a
computer that had a motherboard problem
and if like an expensive laptop the only
place I can think of honestly that I
could send off something like this to be
fixed is you guys so I'm curious how
much of your business is actually I
guess people mailing in stuff because
we're you know what it's either you were
sending it to Apple or
something along those is not Apple
product where do you even get him
motherboard fixed it's about 60/40 so
the last time I looked at QuickBooks it
was about 60/40 mail and repair versus
walk-in so the walkins is about 60% the
mailings are about 40% we do get a whole
lot more mailing than walk-in when it
comes to just a number of devices but
I'm just talking about invoiced weight
because a lot of the devices that we get
mailed to us or I watched your video I
thought I could do it you did in whoops
and those are not a lot of those are not
invoice table but yeah it's about and
about 40% male and 60% walk-in and even
before the YouTube channel became
popular I really was trying to push mail
in as much as I could
I don't like New York very much I don't
want to spend the rest of my life here
so I wanted to figure out how many
income how what can I do while I have a
business that's in New York so that I
could build as you know piggyback as
many non New York revenue streams onto
it so that some day if I would like I
can move to some place where the air is
clean and people are happy and it's not
twenty six hundred dollars a month for a
apartment the size of a shoebox
interesting so your your goal is
eventually to move this out of New York
then at this pointer to open another
store or what yeah at some point I'd
like to be able to move out of New York
entirely just because I lived my entire
life here for thirty years there were
things that I liked about New York
but any time I visit another part of the
US it's just the people are nicer the
stores are nicer the houses are nicer
things are cheaper that the wood the
weather is nice or the everything is
just nicer when you leave New York City
so I would so eventually I would want to
move either the business or at the very
least myself out of out of New York City
when you say move out of the business
team in your current place who do you
want to get out of like this prepare
business completely
I mean like maybe I could open a store
in another city or state and then I
could manage the walk-in business of
that business somewhere else or if it's
we the mailing gets to a point where
it's way more than walk-in then I could
just manage the mail in facility that's
you know 1,000 miles away from here and
a place where that actually looks nice
but I think I go ahead sorry no I go for
it finish with that I forgot what it was
okay are you like are you happy with the
size of your business with the revenue
you generate now and everything
do you have like a goal to like make
more money or expand uh yes and no I
think I definitely would want to be able
to service more customers I but I
wouldn't want I wouldn't want to do that
in a way that's not sustainable like I
don't want it to be like one of those I
fix in repair or you break I fix
franchises where they handle the very
very basic stuff but a lot of the more
difficult things that will will get
botched I want the standard to be the
same so I would if I were to expand I
would want the standards that I have for
this facility of people using their
brain and speaking to customers like
human beings and not reading off of a
script and not outsourcing things that
are too difficult to do I want to keep
that standard oh I would want to figure
out how to keep that standard if I grow
and I don't know if that's necessarily
possible because if you would the more
you look at the businesses that
everybody likes to make fun of for not
being good at what they do everybody
likes to make fun of geek squad because
they're not very knowledgeable and they
screw things up but they're also working
on this ridiculously large scale of you
know stores all over the country and the
same is true for the Genius Bar so if I
were to do that I would want to scale it
in a manner where it's where I'm allowed
to keep the same standards but it scales
and I almost don't think it's going to
be something that's doable by just the
traditional opening a franchise and
something like that I think it's
something where people would be able to
learn from the YouTube videos start
their own businesses in their own areas
that are similar to this one where they
they keep that same standard and I make
money some other way
like for example Tim Herman has this
business called TC RS circuit he started
watching my videos at 16 he's 18 he has
a store in California and he actually
got a board that I think forget the name
was PowerBook Matic or something some
company that's been in business for 19
years had not even put balls on the
bottom of a CD 32:15 ship he got it he's
18 years he's been alive let's than
they've been in business and he fixed it
now I don't necessarily know how to
monetize the fact that he has a store
nor do I even really want to take his
money from a franchise fee kind of thing
but I would like to see more people
watch this stuff and for all of the and
more people being able to offer this
type of service I don't really know how
it is I'd monetize that I don't maybe
I'd monetize it off of YouTube maybe I'd
monetize it off another
forum maybe had monetize it off in my
store but I'd rather focus on the I'd
rather focus on it existing and then how
to monetize it later rather than doing
the franchise thing of I'm gonna focus
on you pay the franchise fee right now
and then we figure out whether or not
we're gonna have a good business later I
mean I see some hard-hitting questions
okay ready go for it so I'm just I'm
kind of curious do you feel like your
time or have you ever wondered if your
time is being wasted like doing like
physical repair work now considering I
guess one how popular you are on the
Internet right like you've got a really
big YouTube channel that potentially has
a lot of outreach or the fact that
you're a business owner do you ever
worry that maybe you spend too much time
working like doing actually glue
absolutely uh-huh yeah I've read that in
all the business books would it entirely
agree that I do kind of somewhat waste
my time at it so sometimes I'm doing it
because it is ridiculously difficult to
find people who are good at this
specific field the the thing is anybody
who's - this is the curve I found the
people who are smart enough to do this
are typically smart enough to make a
quarter of a million dollars as an
engineer or some sort of high-level
position at another company doing a
higher level job and the people who are
willing to accept the amount that I can
pay you know the 26 - the 40 is
somewhere between the 26 to 40 dollars
an hour or so to do border pair they are
typically not they don't have it the the
mindset or the skill set to do it
properly so I have to so it's very
difficult to find somebody isn't it a
little sweet spot of you will work for
the salary that this business can
support and you have the knowledge
required or the ability required to do
it and tip it so you have to find
somebody who probably it could if they
put the effort in could work at the
Texas Instruments or some other company
but decides screw that I enjoy working
at a small business I like what I do I
like the freedom that I get I like being
able to play whatever music I want
during the day and I like being able to
you know be the master of my desk kind
of thing so it's hard to find that
person so that's why I still do a lot of
the work that's decreasing with the
YouTube channel because the thing that
I'm realizing is if I show hundreds of
thousands of people how to do it at some
point hopefully one he was looking for a
job and I can hire you but yeah so I
definitely spend way too much time doing
low-level work and part of that may also
just be that I'm not a great manager I'm
not good at coming up with a book that
says here's how to do your job every
single question can be answered in this
book I'm probably not I'm not very good
at that that is
weak point of mine um you know III would
rather hire somebody that thinks like me
or that has the same so where I can give
them the general guiding principles and
they know what to do that is difficult
to find and admitted that may also just
be you know I like to say I do that
because I want to keep standard-type but
it could just be an excuse because I'm a
really bad manager I don't know how to
write a franchise book of rules so that
I can give that to anybody and they
would know what to do which is why I
spend a lot of time at the office
training customer service people or
training people who are doing the board
repairs I've you know I just kind of
dump all the information on YouTube I've
done kind of like a brain thump if
here's all of my here's everything I
know now you figure it out yeah if I
were a proper business owner what I
would have done is I would have written
a very detailed flowchart in manual this
is if this then that if this then that
and I've never done that
maybe it's because I'm lazy and bad at
being a business owner and a manager
because I'm not really I don't consider
myself much of a businessman or maybe
it's because I just enjoy the work that
I do too much and I'd I would rather be
sitting at a board trying to figure out
what's wrong with it or I'd rather be
streaming it I'd rather be dealing with
a customer that is irate at the genius
bar and making them happy than sitting
there coming up with some flow chart for
employees what is funny you're you're
what's the thing that's slowing you down
at this point like is it you are not
attracting enough customers or what
because it seems like as I said before I
don't think I'm alone in the fact that
if Stephen had a broken computer and he
had to get it fixed buying a new one
wasn't an option or I was way too
expensive I don't know who we would even
think of sending it to if it's not
someone like you like I don't know of
anyone who's gonna do like this level of
detail for a pair so what is the actual
thing that's hindering your growth of
the business right now is it customers
the second location what well a big part
of it is the space that I'm in is it's
about 750 square feet there's 12 people
in that that that's even by New York
standards that is that is overcrowded
and if I want to find an again as I said
in a previous video I asked about
renting the space next door it used to
be a candy shop they went out of
business
hence it handsome dance it was handsome
dance they had a pretty good candy at
least my employees say I tried to not
eat
but the so they had a candy shop and it
went out of business at least in that
location and I asked the owners of the
new owners of the building you know what
I I'm open to renting this I'm open to
renovating it so it looks beautiful and
I'm open to paying more than they were
and they got back they never responded
to me they got back to me with an awe
saying as a courtesy for the fact that
you've been here so long in the building
went on fire and you didn't have heat
for several weeks and we didn't really
give you heaters for a few weeks when I
was seven degrees outside as a courtesy
here's a twenty seven thousand dollar
space that's like ten percent bigger
than what you have now you're interested
interested and I you know very very
politely told them to go [ __ ] themselves
and and most of the spaces that you find
in New York City that are that are
rentable are you know the twenty
thousand dollar store is twenty-seven
thousand dollar stores or their stores
that are my size but they want twelve
thousand dollars for or if you want to
store that as space it's you know twenty
seven to forty thousand dollars and I
don't have I make are you saying this
monthly numbers or what oh that's
monthly that's monthly yeah that's
twenty-seven thousand dollars per month
and I don't have that money
I just and I you know I didn't have a
good credit early on in life I have
decent credit good credit now but I am
still not a person who can walk into a
chase bank or a company and just say
here's my peers my papers I would like a
business loan and get what I went to
chase yeah I went to chase and they said
you know something like well we noticed
at the ends of the year you pay yourself
a dividend of the the profit and they
said why do you do that and I said
because I like to eat and live indoors
myself salary and they said okay but we
want to see that there's more and more
business profit over time and I said
well I could just pay myself less and
there'd be that and we had to talk back
and forth and it ended and you know
you're a quality you well I would
qualify for a loan that's less than ten
percent of what's in my account I can't
just go and rent a twenty seven or forty
thousand dollar store so there has to be
some sort of intermediate step if you
did let's say tomorrow you did have that
forty thousand dollar store how does
that affect your bottom line not even
counting the rent
do you have more money coming in as a
result of that there are services that
I'd like to offer that I can so if there
are certain thing I things where I say
no because the machine to do it is in
the basement I don't have physical room
for a technician to do this there are
ideas that I would like to explore
and those so for example why don't we do
Ram upgrades well why I have to find the
RAM I have to find a vendor for it I
have to see if it's doable I have to
have a space for somebody to sit there
and do it all day and I would rather use
that space for something that it's more
profitable I have to make the maximum
use of the space in terms of
profitability there are things that are
slightly less profitable that I would do
if I had the space to actually fit a
person there and do it but I don't have
that space and now I could move to a
place that's outside of New York but
still most of the business revenue is
walking so I have to kind of be careful
as to how I trot this out so I've been
looking for a second space that I could
rent but there was one actually very
nearby that wound up not getting back to
us after they said we were a good
candidate it was about $6,700 for about
a thousand square feet which was pretty
pretty good but for the most part a lot
of businesses in New York a lot of love
building owners in New York City just
don't rent that it's easier for them to
keep the space empty from a tax
perspective it's easy to keep it empty
then sell the building 10 to 20 years
down the line for the increased value
than it is for them to pay property tax
the entire way and deal with tenants so
you'll notice that if you go but let's
say you go on East 8th Street between
5th and 6th Avenue that there's over 21
vacant storefronts right now that and so
many of them have been vacant for the
past five years since I started looking
for my store so if I want to do more I
need to have the space to do more which
I don't I also am I'm not taking on
loans or investment to do what I do I'm
funding every single thing that I do
through my own money so if I hire a new
person and that person is you know three
or 6,000 or 7,000 or whatever a month
then that person has to make their
salary by the end of the month or else
I'm screwed
so I so I'm forced to make these very
incremental increases in what I'm doing
just because you know I'm not
independently wealthy and I'm not I
don't really I don't really qualify for
a loan my business model is not one that
somebody's a bank is gonna be excited
about it's a so what do you do well I
fix stuff I don't I'm not a franchisee
and I show all of my competitors had to
do exactly what I do give me money that
that doesn't excite venture capitalists
or bank managers I'm really curious so I
lost I misheard you earlier you said
that it's like four
sixty between online stuff and walkins
yeah I I guess like I don't know like
your specific numbers but I cuz it
sounds like what I've heard so far it's
like a no-brainer it feels like you
should like just move out of New York
find like an equal place like in some
other really cheap area and then just
really push the online stuff I don't
know if I was even gonna suggest keep
the store for the walk and stuff but do
all the actual repairs at a place where
it's cheaper to have all those machines
like get a bad example but have a
warehouse somewhere and have that you
know just like Connecticut or something
or I don't know simply I don't know like
what would be cheaper to like house
stuff yeah but like just cuz it seems
like the real estate in New York is so
absurdly expensive and the stuff you're
doing doesn't have to be done like in
New York it's not like like a music
recording studio where you know people
maybe want to be in that area for like
the repairs it seems like that could
take place anywhere but have you yeah
yeah yeah no no that's definitely
possible and sometimes I don't I would
also have to make sure that that forty
percent number stays because I would be
worried it lets say I open a mail and
space and then there's no business there
or I also don't want to get into the
situation where the main walk-in
facility has to outsource tough to
another facility I like being able to
give somebody a quick answer or the you
know let's say somebody comes to pick up
a repair and somebody god forbid missed
that there's a bent pin on the keyboard
connector and that needs to be I don't
want to tell some I want to be able to
tell somebody
oops my mistake here have a candy have a
seat oh this will be done in five
minutes versus oh yeah this is not the
facility that does the soldering lets me
know mail it off to that place so but I
would have to structure how I want to do
it that's a huge compromise for that
edge case scenario to come up for you
not to potentially deal to expands like
I understand that might come up but
that's you know keeping yourself from
expanding for that one edge case seems
like it's not worth it
I'd rather have that customer be upset
you missed out and shits gonna happen
but also have 95 percent of your
business being way better as a result of
changing no it's possible I would also I
would want to be open to the first thing
there is I I were to move everything
off-site to some other sort of location
I kind of have to duplicate the people
that I have here and it took a
ridiculous amount of time to find the
people that I have now I'm not and I
would want to be in a place where I know
that there's more that I can if I put up
a job
people show up that are actually good at
it and I think that I would have to
improve the YouTube channel a little bit
more in order to get to that point
because in the beginning if I put up a
job ad saying here is the salary here's
what I need somebody to do nobody would
show up that would do it just absolutely
nobody then at around 400,000
subscribers I was able to find somebody
like Paul then after six or eight
hundred thousand subscribers said I
realized there's way more people that
can do this maybe it's because I'm
getting the reach to them or maybe it's
because they're learning how to do it
before they come here but I need to be
at a place where if I open in if I open
up someplace far away that I've sorted
out that I can definitely hire employees
that can do this
so I well I need to feel more
comfortable about that first the second
thing is I also need to feel comfortable
about the fact that the mail in business
by itself could afford to pay all the
people and in this new facility so a big
part of it is yeah I have periods of
time where I have this much business but
then there's periods of time where I
have less business I would need to know
that at any given point in time that
there is an absolute truckload of
business coming in before I'd
necessarily feel comfortable opening up
a new space especially if I was doing in
hiring a bunch more people especially if
I was doing it with my own money
sure Shh yeah I mean I feel like I
wasn't even suggesting leaving New York
I was saying it sounded like their rents
really expensive where you are because
you're street-front there but you know
you can certainly find places in New
York even in Manhattan that'll be a
fraction of that cost because they're
not on the street you know it's in the
attic or you know in the basement
somewhere where you can have space and
shuttle your people there basically and
just have someone Manning the store and
kind of acting like a front and storage
and that that's type of it but yeah
that's one of the things I've been
trying to do at the moment so when I
found that other store front that was
really large in $6,700 I jumped at it
it's just I haven't heard back from them
and it is it is difficult to rent any
sort of space in New York City if you're
looking to rent it at a reasonable price
if I wanted to have an office that was
on the fifth floor of a building that
was the same size of my store and I was
willing to spend fifteen or twenty
thousand dollars I could get that
immediately but if I actually want to
get a space where I'm getting a somewhat
decent ripoff rather and I'm not gonna
say decent deal because there is no such
thing in New York but if I was just a
bit willing to get ripped off this much
versus that much it does take time to
find that but the store that I found
right now I was looking for a
replacement for that basement space for
six months and it took
six months of walking up and down every
single Street to find it so I think a
good compromise in the beginning would
be have another have another store or
have another space even if it is a on
the floor of a building in New York City
to run the mail in business the mail and
repairs out of and also the selling
parts out of so I had thought about
having a separate space for that because
right now the box is piling to the
ceiling in this small space is a pain in
the ass and so is keeping inventory for
shipping so I thought let's have a
second space for that and that's what
I've been in the middle of doing right
now I found a space that was a two
blocks away that was very that was
fairly cheap with you know decent owners
and they were interested in having us as
a tenant and it just I'm guessing that
either one of the other two people who
applied got the space instead of me but
it is something I want to I want to like
I just want to make sure that I put my
toe in slowly rather than just rent an
entirely new space in a in a very remote
location and then hire a bunch of new
employees because here if the space is
nearby
I can kind of split the employees I have
between the space in that space maybe
it's just trauma from the Rossman supply
company going out of business and me
watching all of the money and all the
time and all the employees I put into it
get reduced into nothing but after
having that experience of working at a
business that I was working at 13 or 15
hours a day for 3 to 4 years get all of
it the money that was invested all the
work or the inventory just get reduced
to nothing I don't I want to make sure I
don't make that same mistake again
especially since this business is
completely self-funded and I know that I
don't have the ability to just go to a
bank and ask for a loan if I screw
something up have you thought much more
cautious have you ever thought about
looking for investors like leveraging
other people's money to try to expand or
are you - are you like ideologically
opposed to that I'm not completely ideal
I probably somewhat opposed to it
because anytime I meet somebody like
that they're going to ask me to do
things that I don't feel comfortable
doing so for example when I had a
business partner with the border pair
business I decided to decide let's see
what would happen if I just opened up a
company that only did border pairs for
other businesses that didn't advertise
the public the person there was very
very opposed to me doing videos where I
show people how to do this online from a
profit point of view said if I'm putting
my own money into this it doesn't make
sense that you're showing other people
how to do it we
do it doesn't make sense the way that
you do business or structure you're
pricing and I disagreed with him on that
now I didn't just disagree ideologically
I also disagreed financially
ideologically I think at trying to keep
information that doing business by
trying to keep information away from
people it's it's kind of lame you know
if I see that somebody is willing to
give me information for free they're the
first person that I'm going to go to
when I have a problem I don't like the I
don't like the idea of somebody doing
business with me because they're forced
to I want them to be making a choice
here is all the information how to do it
yourself but if you don't want to do
that you don't want to learn any of your
time is too valuable then pay me I don't
want it to be oh well you there's you
either have a choice of a broken device
or pay me
eff you that now he had and the business
income since 2015 when we was talking
about with him about that has done this
so clearly he was wrong I realized that
there are a lot of people that I could
potentially get to invest in my business
but they would want me to franchise they
would want me to lower the standards of
who I hire they would want me to create
some rulebook that would make it very
easy for me to hire a 16 or 18 year old
stoner that probably could barely get a
job at McDonald's and follow this rubric
and make money yeah and I don't want to
do that
I genuinely don't I really don't want to
do that it's really funny to me because
like I have a I feel like they're right
so I don't know how much you know about
like what I do in terms of like
screaming whatever but there it seems
like there comes this time and like a
lot of people's lives where you get like
really good at something and giving up
control of anything is very [ __ ] hard
to do it's like the worst feeling in the
world
and you want to be involved in like
every project like personal that you're
doing and like giving that control other
people can like it can either end like
catastrophic Lee or you can have like a
ton of problems related to it but like
at some point it seems like you have to
in order to like continue to grow
because you just don't amount of time
like I'm sure you get this feeling where
you wish you could like make copies of
yourself or like not sleep because
there's like a million things you could
do it literally every point point of
your existence yeah it's really
frustrating
yeah and for sure and it's part of it is
control the other part of it is just
anybody who's an investor is gonna look
at my business model and say these are
three things you seriously have to
change or I'm not investing in you yeah
and I don't want to change them and I
think things because it sounds like you
know what these are so what's the stop
like it sounds like you
be making a [ __ ] ton of money as I said
you have this this brand appeal so so
what are you [ __ ] up it's a clear then
that you won't change and for work well
obviously the first part is giving away
information for free so there's also
gradients of how you could give away
information for free you could just give
away the bit you could show that you
know how to do it you could show how to
do basic things or you could actually
explain how to do the absolute most
difficult repairs that would be an easy
way to milk money so for example what
the you 8900 faults in the 2012 MacBook
Pro I could show you yeah I know how to
fix a short I know how to do an LCD
connector but if you have a kernel
panicking machine as randomly kernel
panicking uh-uh I'm not gonna tell you
how to do that
I'm the only one who gets that
information I and I know somebody in the
business who I'm not gonna say because I
get along with them and I don't want to
create an argument over it that does
that where they'll show all 99% of it
but they'll keep that 1% for themself
for me that I actually want to give away
that's the point of information that I
want to be clear if anything above
everything else that so I I spent my
entire day at work until 3:00 or 4:00 in
the morning I find these little these
little Falls that nobody else is found
or I know people who found these Falls
that nobody else is found like Duke who
showed me the you 8900 faults I'll give
him credit for that and I want to share
this with as many people as possible so
once I find that I have that aha moment
but I figure out okay the reason that
all these touch bars are stuck at 5
volts is because the ISO 93 9 is not
creating the enable signal for the but
the chip that creates PP 3 b3 g3 ah I
don't want to keep that proprietary I
have this excited feeling in my head and
I want to share with as many people as I
know and an investor has said in the
past and many most likely would say now
don't do that
you have enough advertising where people
trust you you've already maximized what
you do with YouTube in terms of being
able to bring in customers there's no
need to give away that last 1% of
information that will allow thousands of
other people to fix something themselves
instead of send it to you certain level
of that on the same part like how many
of us have the machines and the
technology and the [ __ ] required to do
what you do in the first place like you
know just me seeing that I could
potentially fix my laptop for 10 dollars
if I go find this chip and do it like I
don't have I've seen the setup you have
and it's it's insane I don't have
anything near like that I haven't
actually
the exact same thing with um are you
familiar the term case leaving cables or
cable sleeping yeah yeah I am there's a
guy I don't remember his name
but I watched he does a bunch of videos
anyhow that his cable sleeping and I was
like oh this looks easy like I watched
him do it I followed his tutorials and I
tried to do a set and it was a [ __ ]
disaster and I and he just ended up just
buying like a set of sleep cables from
him after watching his videos on how to
do it so yeah yeah I mean it's it's good
advertising yeah yeah I understand what
you're saying which is that the average
individual is just gonna say screw it
sends it to Luis anyway what I'm saying
is that investors don't see it that way
they say okay can you try and try to
stop the whole sharing everything you
could share the basic stuff but don't
share the absolute business I think that
if you look you have a very large
audience now investors aren't all just
you know like so so straightforward like
if you look you're gonna find someone
that's aligned with your thinking and
understands what you're doing and wants
to see you succeed I'm shocked that you
are not bigger than you are currently
you know I I really am because as I said
before when I think of computer repair
you're the only guy that comes to my
mind you're like there's a company and I
forget the name of it but they do data
recover it and like you're like that for
actual low-level are you thinking with
Drive savers yeah exactly like you're
the drive savers of actually fixing
motherboards and [ __ ] like that
in I was expecting this to be like
hundreds of employees things like that
people shipping in MacBooks from all
across the country and you doing it I'm
just shocked that you haven't expanded
more at this point yeah I suppose the
the elements to that besides besides
outside investment which is one reason
is a if I were to expand then have many
more people I would have to come up with
some sort of rule book and flowchart as
to how to do everything so that I could
manage that many people that's not
something that I'm good at it's not a
talent I have it's a skill that I think
you need in order to be a really great
business owner and that's not a skill
that I have and the second one is I
would need to see upfront that I can get
more business to support that and I have
a lot of business but I would need to be
able to at any given time flip a switch
and then could Drupal the amount of
incoming leads that I have in order to
make that happen
and that's something that I have to
before I do that do you are you passing
up leads right now by any chance
I'm not past no wait I take on as much
as I can and that's why I'm I have bags
under my eyes that this lovely Logitech
Brie is actually very flattering and are
moving but my other camera doesn't lie
that much and that's what that's why I'm
at work until 2:00 or 4:00 in the
morning and all these all these days
that's why I'm answering live chats and
questions late at night I don't anytime
I get to a growth spurt stage where I
realize that there's a large influx of
business I don't turn it down I'll just
stay because I know once I overcome that
hump then it's easy sailing from there
on in like when that right before that
when that cbc news piece came out there
was a hump and there was tons of people
sending stuff in I went for maybe four
to five employees to twelve employees
but I didn't have the twelve employees
at the time so I stayed at work I dealt
with the hump I you know I was working
on Christmas until 1:00 or 2:00 in the
morning and streaming at well sick and
then I went from four to twelve
employees now it's easier but now I'm at
that next level so I am always trying to
level up and every time I see that there
is a bump I am going to do everything I
can to make sure that I that that bump
is not temporary but that it stays that
way
and one push I'm doing now is funny you
mentioned the drive savers thing is that
you know they're charging two to twenty
thousand dollars for drive recoveries I
spent about fourteen thousand dollars
upgrading the existing labs lab setup
that we have for doing Drive data
recovery and I want to start doing
videos on that as well because I want to
start taking as much business in terms
of hard drives that I can we barely
advertise that we do it passed the page
I created on the side two months ago and
we're overflowing in it so I'd like to
have a separate section of the channel
that's the same as this one
except what driver pairs because you
know I'm sure the show they may be nice
people but I don't really appreciate the
image they put out which is that you
need to have a one multi-million dollar
lab and everybody has to wear the
silly-looking spacesuit in order to get
data off of a hard drive mm-hmm all
right all right oh my god yeah so I
think those are the reasons that I
haven't expanded or gotten larger hey
I'm not good at creating a specific
guide or rubric and now each employee
does their job not good at creating that
flow chart that specific list of rules
that allows me to easily hire people
without having to train them a lot or
work with them a lot one-on-one I am I'm
not necessarily great outside of YouTube
at figuring out how to get more people
to do business with me
other companies know how to advertise
they know how to acquire clients the
only way I know how to acquire clients
is just putting up a website and doing
YouTube videos and hoping people think
this is cool let me send it him sure and
the third is obviously the the invest
the investment I would have to take
large financial risks that could
potentially screw me I don't want to do
that I don't I'm not willing to take on
the risk of me losing my business and
the only way to avoid that is to get an
investor which and getting an investor
means potentially changing the way I do
business in a manner that I would find
unacceptable yeah all right to be fair
for all of this
I'm sorry I'm just going by the timeline
to get earlier you're still like pretty
young right you're like 31 about I'm 30
you're 30 okay cool okay so yeah same
age as me we're young we're very young
31 ooh 20 okay cool I mean I mean I
guess we could go over like business
specifics all day I'm kind of curious
just because of your position in the
industry and everything moving to like a
more general topic do you think that
we're ever gonna reach a point where
it's just impossible not to do
first-party repairs anymore do you think
we're heading in that direction or do
you think that'll become possible I
think yeah for sure I mean there's like
for example the thing with with Apple
with this t2 chip where if you replace a
certain part of the machine it will
detect that you've replaced that part of
the machine and then say you can't okay
we're not accepting this that that kind
of I don't think it's necessarily just
going to be where it's too difficult to
do I think it's going to be what these
measures to put in place and on purpose
to keep people from doing it I'm sure
that there will be a way around it I
don't know I think it's gonna prevent a
lot of the low-level people from doing
it but it's going to be a greater
opportunity for the people who are able
to figure out ways around it mm-hm
I think that there's probably three ways
that it could become impossible to do
repair yourself the first is when it
becomes far too complicated to do or
even somebody with all of my equipment
does not have any of what's necessary to
do the job the second is going to be if
the companies actually succeed and
nobody finds workarounds for these
things like a t2 chip which says you
okay if you change your screen we're
gonna recognize you're not allowed to
work with the computer if nobody else
figures out how to retake the
programming off the old screen and put
it into the new screen that could be it
the third is going to be if it simply
makes no economic sense to do so
so if somebody shows that with advice
that's $100
and it needs one to two hours of
open-ended troubleshooting from somebody
who's intelligence and experience even
if it is fixable there's no way to make
that viable in a way that works unless
I'm willing to pay the person or the
person who's willing to work for $5 an
hour to do a very difficult job so one
of those three things could occur to
make it not viable into the future I'm
not sure which is gonna be the first
walk that's gonna the for the first
domino that's gonna fall but I'm kind of
curious to see sure we kind of we talked
a little bit about this but before the
show off stream do you follow this in
other industries as well like for
example like do you follow stuff going
on in the car industry where
manufacturers are saying you're not
allowed to do changes to cars in certain
ways you can't mess with the ECU or
anything without it being like a
violation of copyright or rich rebuilt
is a really good channel on that and
I've wanted to meet up with him on it
just he's been ridiculously busy and
I've been ridiculously busy so we
haven't had time to but he does a rich
rebuilds has a great channel where he
rebuilds Tesla cars and he has to deal
with this stuff you're not allowed to
replace this so there's no availability
for a part for that Paul who's one of my
one of my best employees for the past
two years he used to be a car mechanic
for about 20 years and he also worked
doing mechanics and technical stuff in
the Marine Corps when he was in the
Marines wait hello
wait is my stream still down at least
his claim is that I don't know how to
make money at this because nobody wants
to pay me wait right back book the the
server I just wish the servers again um
you said you had a friend that was
working in the Marines and then yeah so
Paul one of my better employees he was
he was in the Marine Corps for about
four or five years and he also was a
mechanic and technician for 20 years
prior okay and he was saying that as a
mechanic it's very difficult to make
money now versus before because nobody
wants to pay for anything so you know if
he says this is gonna be a 150 or 300
dollars to fix
they go you know my nephew will do that
for 20 or 30 bucks and then that there's
nobody at least in his where he was
working that was willing to pay for
repairs so it went away that way so
whereas in our industry I don't know if
it's gonna go away because everything is
so cheap or because everything is so
impossible to fix due to the supply
chain and the the chips just saying I
don't want to accept a new part for that
mechanic stuff do you really have people
that can do those repairs for cheap is
that really possible
no they don't exist it destroy it yeah
they don't bring yeah I remember when I
was a kid doing like switching out like
a car stereo like in my car was like a
lot of fun and easy to do and nowadays
if you want to take out like a car
stereo ignoring like the 50 different
ways that your head units are like
integrated with a vehicle like the whole
dashboard is like one piece and you need
like specialized tools just to like pop
certain like like like things off the
dashboard no taking these off it's a
nightmare now I imagine it probably
impacts more than then I only think I
know about all my cars and computers but
it's kind of interesting it's something
else Eddie talked about earlier you
there's a concept called
software-as-a-service
where you basically charge people a
monthly fee in order to let them use
some software and you either updated an
ongoing manner or you provide support or
something and it seems like we're moving
towards this like hardware as a service
thing or even stuff that you physically
buy and physically owned you don't
necessarily have the ability to use it
in the way you'd want to all the time
like you either have to pay specialty
repair shops we have to pay some ongoing
fee des to keep even like your hardware
working or whatever it it's like it's a
really strange world where yeah I don't
know like moving forward like you're
gonna have to be paying like monthly
fees for to keep access or to keep your
own stuff working this is really strange
yeah I can see both sides to it the the
manually swen it comes too soft
the manufacturers site is people pay a
one-time fee but we get inundated with
support requests from people who don't
know how to use a computer screw it
we're charging you by the month and the
moment that you stop paying I don't have
to answer these stupid questions anymore
on the user side it's I don't feel like
paying $30 a month for a piece of
software that used to cost me $100 to
buy I'm not paying for that I'd like to
own things so I definitely lean more
towards the side if I want to own things
I don't want to pay a monthly fee for
something unless it is above and beyond
amazing yeah and when it comes to yeah
so I see this at the very least with
compass there are a lot of people in the
farming industry that can discuss what
John Deere does when it comes to these
devices where you're constantly paying
for somebody to show up and come out
you're paying like fifteen hundred
dollars for them to reprogram something
just so apart your place can work again
somebody in chat was hiding it earlier
if your farm or is it they're like
farmers that have to become hackers in
order to get like some of their
machinery it's it like continue to work
and it's like a huge yeah there's like a
lot of dumb stuff going on with that -
yeah that that's something that is I
definitely would like to actually own
products rather than or own the software
that I buy rather than have a license to
be able to use it on a monthly basis and
I think you were talking about something
like you know people renting game time
or renting the the hardware to use their
game it's just yeah I just I don't like
the rent to own thing I like owning
things and I think that's part of the
resurgence of vinyl not inaud I don't
like vinyl very much but I understand
this concept of people just they don't
want to deal with a streaming service
they like the idea that this I own this
stuff it's not even if it's just like an
actual to have style
yeah like sometimes I don't want to have
to like load a Spotify playlist like I
like having at least the files on my
computer you know that I know that I
don't wanna have to install a pro if I
have a file that I can transfer from one
device to another I don't wanna have to
deal with I have to log in and use this
specific service in this specific way I
did I wanna I want to own it and if
you're saying that I no longer own it
that I'm renting it that's okay but you
have to make sure that what I'm renting
is that much better than what I'm owning
that it's worth that it's a very least
worth me losing the privilege of
ownership yeah well especially because
if you like a lot of people don't
realize this I don't know how much you
do with like gaming but like for things
like steam like if steam goes or valve
goes out of business and that service
just shuts down I mean like you don't
you don't have any of those games like
it's just
yeah you know you don't have a agree
yeah yeah that's bull like at least with
dota okay it's free so a big what but if
I paid for a game and I have to rely on
another service existing that sucks now
what's interesting with what Apple is
doing when it comes to ownership is when
they say at least there was this one
case with Skye colt named Henry coos B
that's going on in Norway he was
replacing customer screens he saw a
saved the old ones he sent them to China
a refurbished sure was replacing the
glass on it without replacing the LCD
because the LCD made the picture was
finest the front glass was broken and
sending it back to him and they were
getting taken and Apple was saying you
know that's counterfeit you
counterfeited my stuff you counterfeited
our screens and he's saying no that I
that was mine the customer gave me their
broken screen
I send it to somebody who then fix it
and sent it back you don't get to say
that you it was you don't get to say
that you have any say in this
transaction anymore they're trying to
say when it comes to redefine the
ownership and renting what I find
interesting is with apples doing when it
comes to redefining refurbishing is
counterfeiting if I were if you replace
the speakers on your car do you have to
rip off the Ford or the tile any of the
logos that say who made the car well
this is an interesting thing that comes
down to the Keurig or the printer market
right so what's the argument that the
printer manufacturer would give as to
why you shouldn't use the other printer
it's like you know why you have to use
our ink it's because I sold you this
printer for $8.00 and it cost me $85 to
make it that's why you have to use my
ink and only my ink or the coffee maker
would say we have we spent all this you
know designing this type of [ __ ] and
initial marketing and that type of stuff
on that end so it did the change is with
the fact that you do already own
practically nothing
so all the software on your computer for
the most part it's all licensed
understand saying it's just like yeah
yeah I were growing up like I used to be
my financial situation was really really
bad growing up so I would pirate things
out of necessity because if I didn't
pirate it I wouldn't have it like I did
just full stop and now that I'm older
and I am obviously I'm very wealthy I do
my streaming so I was like yeah buy
software if I have the ability to and
like you know I you know I work with
PDFs and whatnot a lot because I do
taxes and all that and I go to like buy
you know I want to buy Apple or not an
apple I want to buy Adobe's like you
know PDF software bundle [ __ ] like you
can't even do that
you have to buy like I think
you have to pay like a monthly
subscription to like the Adobe cloud and
it's like I don't need the software
support I don't need any help I just
want to like buy some software that
works my computer even for that like I
feel like such an [ __ ] like pirating
stuff or down listen because I don't
want to like have to sign in oh my god
my biggest pet peeve when people said is
we have to sign in on app on programs in
your computer.if to sign in to use the
program it's like what is happening
right now like this is a program on my
computer water to sign into an GoPro
does that to that a few honey you have
to sign in with your username and
password and everything just to be able
to view stuff on the go and take it off
and then all these other databases get
leaked and all of their passwords are in
plain text and there's always like
xsplit had this happen I'm pretty sure
it's happening with I think it was with
Adobe stuff where they had their big
data basically gonna say go [ __ ] man
yeah that stuff drives me crazy I I
don't like dealing with that [ __ ] and
the interesting thing with what you said
with the printers there at the I'm not
saying it's right but when they say we
sold you the printer cheaply and we're
planning to make money on the ink so you
need to buy our ink at the very least
there there's some sort of business
argument that could be made we gave you
this for cheap up front now when it
comes to Apple they're saying okay well
we we they did not sell you the phone
with at no profit they made some decent
money selling you the phone it's not
like you can only get the screen from us
so I find it very very creepy when they
say that you are set that this is a
counter for device rather than a
refurbished device and I find it really
creepy when people defend that because
if you take that arguments and you apply
it back towards every other place where
we've accepted that that argument is
[ __ ] how do you apply that to a car
like I can't say that if I changed your
oil with oil that was not the
manufacturer one if I change your
taillight with a different brand even if
I gave you a shitty brand garbage tail
light that was not the same as what was
in your Chevy you cannot say that's not
a Chevy it's still a Chevy it's a Chevy
with a shitty taillight it's not a it's
not a Ross mobile or whatever do you
feel like apples more predatory on this
front another company yeah I think that
all there are a lot of companies that do
things that are bad I just think that
Apple is one of the best examples
because they don't really even try to
hide the ball with it like I've never
seen another come I haven't seen another
phone come yeah I haven't seen any other
phone companies yet say you had our
screen refurbished that is now a
counterfeit and
not saying I don't acknowledge there's a
problem with screen refurbishing that
there are a lot of people that do poor
quality refurbs that just so that they
could sell the cheapest trash that's
definitely a problem but throwing out
the concept of refurbishing versus
counterfeiting or throwing out the
concept of ownership is you know you're
trying to solve the problem with with
with a hammer it's just it's not the way
to solve it and there when it comes to
our ability people will say well why
don't you criticize Lenovo for it well
okay if I want to ask Lenovo for a
schematic they may not give it to me but
you know what they did they made a
laptop where if you spill a gallon of
water into it it comes out little holes
in the bottom rather than destroying the
motherboard or they don't have 16
different sensors on it that if one
specific one failed it has an issue that
the machines are gonna run dirt slow
it's gonna say you do run into the
issues where there are no like good
actors here because I'm pretty sure
wasn't Lenovo one of the first people to
start loading [ __ ] bloatware into the
into the actual flash like yeah yeah the
superfish that was that was some Bush on
the actual motherboard so even if you
did a full a full refresh of your
operating system you reinstall the OS
you formatted the drive and everything
it would still find its way onto your
drive after oh god that made me sick
because I like ThinkPads and I like the
way they work in function and just I've
been saying to people to buy them and I
just look at it and go really really
loading spyware on what device do you
get now that doesn't come out of the box
[ __ ] I mean that's the one thing you
have to give Apple is that for the most
part it's not [ __ ] by any Android
phone right now except for like one of
the right to Google hmm man the [ __ ]
that you're gonna even if you get that
from the Google Apple Apple at least
says that they care about privacy the
very least they present the image that
they care about privacy Google does not
even present that much they we are
mining as much data as possible and all
of these services are opt-out not opt-in
I did a video on that recently where I
managed to log in and find five years no
seven years of transcripts of
voice-to-text and they said well why
didn't you just delete it and I go I
never opted I didn't opt into this [ __ ]
it's it's it should be its opt-out you
have to opt out of all of this stuff
being saved and I will give Apple that
they
seemed to care about privacy way more
than Google does that's so that's why
when ice because there are a lot of
people who watch my channel and say he
pointed out an Apple hardware defect
he's frustrated with how Apple treats
his users therefore I can just go on
this whole [ __ ] crapple [ __ ] Mac [ __ ]
all this other horseshit that you're
typically used to seeing in cancerous
YouTube comments and the reason I never
go off on that is because I understand
that there's a reason that people want
to buy Apple products the software very
is very often software on their
platforms it is not on other platforms
that there's a very good job they
actually care about the user privacy to
some extent at least they pretend to
care about it where none of the other
alternatives in the phone world for
smart phones do I understand why people
choose to buy their products and I don't
criticize them for that I simply
criticize the people that get us I
criticize when somebody is repeatedly
screwed over and just goes back and
gives them more money I bet you have
like it's frustrating cuz it's like you
have no alternative these days like
there's not like the good um there's not
like the Stallman approved mobile device
or something you know you don't have
like yeah I remember reading this one I
forget how long ago was but he was using
a low note le a no te not Lenovo the
note laptop and to my if I remember
correctly please look it up if I'm wrong
is that it didn't even have suspend
because it had an open bio
it did not even have suspend
functionality you know you close the lid
it suspends to ram and then you open it
up and it goes back to where you were so
you technically I'm sure you can find an
alternative that is free it's just
you're free in this aspect now but are
you free in terms of you can actually
use what the rest of the world is are
you the quality drop off if you want to
like not be spied on or literally not
have the worst apps forced on you ever
is just so massive like that what you
have to give up to do that it's not
worth it yeah it's not just for phones
you go get any computer like anyone
who's tech savvy what's the first thing
you do when you get a new laptop [ __ ]
white black eyeshadow every time or the
first thing when you get a phone is like
you have to I you know I would say like
I did this a long time ago when I got an
Android phone
that wasn't a pixel I rooted the phone
it was like alright I'm gonna get rid of
all the bloatware but scrolling through
the 500 programs on that phone I was
like
have no idea what I can safely delete
like yeah Jesus even Windows does this
when you do a fresh install of Windows
why the [ __ ] is like candy crush saga
like pre-installed because they
integrated because now Windows is being
sold as software's a service that's why
they tried to push it for free out so
many people right from Windows 7 the
upgrades and everything we're free cuz
they just want you to have access to
that Windows Store and everything so you
can buy product order product yeah but
the whole thing is disaster like I don't
know if you Skype at all Louis but like
in Skype right now
they've stored your conversations in the
cloud for the last two years and you
can't delete them so if anyone was to
hack your Skype account and log in from
another client they can pull up all your
messages for the last two years in Skype
and there's no way to remove it like
that's crazy that the other thing exists
I've always thought that the next
serious and this is with me being a
wearing my tinfoil hat but the next
serious sort of civil war societal
breakdown is gonna be when all of these
services are hacked I can look at your
Google Hangouts history I can see
everything that you've ever typed into
your phone via voice the text that you
turn opt-out of I can see every Google
Hangouts conversation you had at 2:00 in
the morning when you were frustrated
after your wife just broke up with you
and left you when you were drunk I could
see every single thing you've ever said
in the world and then I can use that
against you or I can say we'll see that
means this person this this guy is a bad
person and at some point I think once
all these services do start getting
hacked because it's not a question of if
it's a question of when and you're able
to see all this information stored on us
you're gonna start to see a side of
humanity that you weren't used to seeing
before which is you'll have for the
first time in human human history
unfettered access to everything somebody
has said written thought or done in a
private moment this is literally there
was a South Park episode about there
with the Danes there but yeah I mean
this is crazy idea everyone's you know
private search history would be out
there for anyone I actually I'm sorry
but things that you've typed so yeah is
there any time that you've typed
something into it into a box to another
human being where you thought hey it
would look really bad right now if the
entire world stopped really bad but this
is a career ender oh yeah I enjoyed dark
humor so I'm sure there's a bunch of it
but there's also things that I've said
when I was really
aggravated or angry or pissed off and
then 40 seconds later I realize there
yeah that that no I don't really think
that's kind of crazy okay but like that
little moment Kent will then be used to
define you for the rest of your life
once all of these services are hacked
and that's gonna be some serious pens I
don't think I don't think anything will
ever happen though I don't think there
will ever be any civil unrest because
these devices all become so heavily
integrated into our lives that I think
it becomes unfathomable to ever live or
operate without them like Francis I I
think if I would have said I think if I
would have said like 15 or 20 years ago
what was it like 200 million American
Social Security numbers were gonna be
leaked like people be like oh wow this
is like a game-changer like something
serious would happen but like that
happened was it Experian that got hacked
by some Equifax yeah it was like 200
million of socials got leaked and like I
don't even know if people remember this
even happened and this was like within a
year ago wasn't it like a year a teacher
that's not public right so you know what
yeah that's the thing that can happen to
the United States is if two of all the
social security numbers they just
literally were leaked publicly because
then we can get rid of this stupid
system that we use in the United States
like to identify yourself hey what's
your social security number and you know
it's like how is this identifying stuff
anymore it needs to get be gotten rid of
completely it's the worst form it was
never designed for this in the first
place
yeah but yeah anyways
Louis one thing you said earlier I just
want to go back to this you mentioned
another company supply group I what
happened there you said that it shut
down yeah so one of the things that it
makes you competitive in this business
the very least when I was just doing
mostly screen replacements and things
like that
or getting quality parts and the price
that you're getting them at and many of
the vendors that I have been buying
stuff from for several years they were
selling me stuff that was either junk or
not compatible because they would assume
something's compatible since they don't
actually work in the industry or it was
low quality so I just I would have it
was difficult for me to find parts so I
kind of had to become my own supplier so
I proposed with somebody else I said I
would I was selling a lot of the parts
that I was getting there were decent
quality so if a part was typically $240
and I did all the research to find the
one vendor that has
available for 100 bucks I would sell
them for about $150 online I make my
money and off of that as well as making
the money off of doing repairs and I
remember asking this one person who had
given me my first loan at $7,000 I said
okay you gave me a year to pay back that
loan I paid it back in two months can I
get another one this time for this
amount of money so that I could buy this
set of screens and resell them and he
said no but I would be open to a
partnership where I own 20% of business
so I started that as a business and that
will end up being a very bad idea for
several reasons so the first was I wound
up trying to do too much I started
trying to expand it to too many
different areas and selling items that
weren't necessarily profitable screens
are also one of the hardest pieces of
hardware to make money selling because
of breakage in the mail people buying
the wrong one since one device can use
three different incompatible screens and
that business will end up going
completely belly-up at the end of 2013
so that was my first large-scale
business failure so I was low he loaned
me I think about $20,000 I wound up
getting other investment from credit
lines and all the parts all the money
everything in that business over a
period of three years wound up
disappearing into virtually nothing
after which I went out of business so I
had that experience in my head I try to
remember why it is that failed I did a
one-hour video a few weeks ago on
exactly all the things I did wrong in
that business that caused it to fail and
it's something that I keep in my head so
that I don't make those same mistakes
again okay interesting yeah I kind of
it's crazy to think that screams in
particular are like when you think about
the logistics of how much it costs to go
by like just you know an actual monitor
that has staples the fact that they had
to get that here from China you know the
cost really doesn't work out that well
in like the repair business I imagine
it's even more brutal is that is that
one of the higher margin items that you
do or what is the highest merchant item
that you do in your store as far as
apparently that used to be so when I
first started out if you had an a 1181
macbook I think I was charging $160 to
replace the screen I was able to get it
for $58 so I would show up to your
location anywhere in New York City I
would take the Machine apart put it back
together give you a
warranty on it and I got to make my
hundred two dollars off of that process
now if I buy that screen for $58 versus
somebody else if somebody else is buying
it for $140 I'm able to offer a much
better price because I was able to get
it for a much cheaper so the price that
you were getting your screens at really
did matter but it also mattered that you
got something good if you were getting
the good ones like the LP 1 3 3 w x1 CLA
1 completely remember this number 11
years later but you were able to offer
sell somebody your brightness control
will still work the color profiles will
look like it sit on the original versus
having to talk your way through this is
gonna look different than the original
one so there was yet being able to get
good parts was a lot of what would make
you competitive and the experience that
I have if I bought a screen from Bliss
computers half the time I would have a
bunch of dead pixels or it would have it
would just not be the right one cuz they
would buy something that was compatible
that wouldn't actually work with that
device and I and everybody that I knew
that was in this business hated the name
bliss computers and was they did the
business with them because they didn't
know who else to buy from so I just said
screw it
let me try I'd see if I could do better
myself and what I learned from that
experience is that I can see that
somebody else is not doing giving
offering a good service but what I
should be doing instead of saying I'm
gonna do better as asking why are they
not offering a good service so with them
a if they made their price even one
dollar above the cheapest person on eBay
your sales just turned off immediate you
would go for I went from I could go from
selling 1200 items a day to selling 20
items a day by just adjusting my price
on ebay of all of my products by five by
three to five percent the second is that
there would be so many people who would
buy stuff and then they would actually
return the screen their old broken
screen in the box that had my new screen
and they would file a PayPal claim
saying it didn't work I would get it
back and I'd see like I would see youlet
packard part stickers on it it was very
obvious this is not what I sold you and
they would win the case so and the third
thing was that the margins were very
very low in that business so after
several years I realized at the end of
it okay after going through this
experience losing a bunch of money and
failing that's why you offered should
service because the money was not the
customers were not willing to pay for
that level of service you also had a lot
of fraud and you it was it's very
difficult but
low profit margin to find somebody who
is an actual technician to write your
website and tell you what's compatible
with what so that experience taught me
that rather than assume that a business
is offering crap service because they're
crap it could be that there are crap
business and that you can do much better
or it could be that this that the
factors that they're working with our
factors where you would not be able to
offer better service do you work as a
parts retailer yourself or no yeah now I
sell parts online but I sell everything
besides screens like literally
everything beside screens the IRA I sell
I will sell parts other repair shops
that I think have some sort of profit
margin like I can buy a chip for two
dollars and sell it for 350 or something
and I'm also targeting a clientele of
people that are not going to break it
and send back the old one in the box so
what I do is I sell the parts that I use
for repairs on YouTube so if somebody
says you know I wish I could buy this
station or well why does my what is it
why is it that your hot air station
heats up immediately and I have to burn
the chip for ten minutes so I saw that
if somebody goes you know where do I buy
that chip from I always have to grab it
off of a donor machine I don't know
where to find it I'll sell that so I'm
I'm I started the online part store
again as a way of selling to my YouTube
audience of people that wanted to do the
stuff that I'm doing but they just
didn't know where to buy the individual
chips and parts it's not the same way as
before where I'm soliciting business
from all the general public technically
anybody can go to my website and if they
want they could buy an LT 3470 but it's
it's mainly marketed to the YouTube
audience so I want that small community
of people that are opening these types
of repair shops are deciding to try this
business on their kitchen table to have
a one-stop shop where they could buy all
the things that I have to do what I do
because the hardest part of this for me
in the beginning was where do I get this
part at an affordable price what tool is
it that I use where do I get this chip
from where when I get it it's not a chip
that they ripped off of a broken
motherboard that's also dead so I so the
the goal with the online store now is to
make the lives easier of the people that
are do it trying to do what I do rather
than it being a profit Center you know
it's if my business would not be
sustainable at all if it was just a part
store because that that doesn't really
make much money sure
so what a moving forward how do you see
twitch and YouTube and things like that
complementing their business and do you
have any specific plans for growing the
revenue from your YouTube and twitch and
I bring this up because one of the
things that I saw that you did is you're
pushing Vimeo over YouTube and you pay
for Vimeo but you can't get paid from
there meaning there's no partner program
or anything there so what's your logic
behind that and yeah well the thing is
YouTube doesn't they don't have any sort
of communication with the people that
that are on their platform and they
don't seem to actually understand how
their platform works at all it's it's
there's the The Wizard of Oz behind the
cloak and I haven't had an experience
with censorship or any of that stuff but
I see it happening with enough other
people that I would like to have a
backup I don't like the idea that at any
given time if something happens all this
work that I invested is gone I would
like it to be just like you said you
don't want to is I do pay monthly for
Vimeo so perhaps this is a bad example
but I pay Vimeo for the service so it's
not like if my channel disappeared there
I can actually call somebody this
customer service they have an office in
New York City that's about a quarter of
a mile away from me that they can go to
I don't really have much reason to trust
YouTube and so I would rather people
view things on my platform then view it
on a platform that belongs to somebody
else I don't even think that YouTube run
has a sustainable business they lose
anywhere from half a billion to two
billion dollars a year and you know one
example that I have of YouTube not that
them not even knowing how their business
works so they have that thing where
they'll they'll have a car somebody
reach out to you to help you with your
content and your branding and all that
stuff a partner manager or something
like that so I had a she was talking to
me about the about the the new
guidelines regarding profanity and
things of that nature now every now and
then for some strange reason a video
that I did one or three years ago will
just get a bunch of comments and I'll
look in the analytics and it'll say that
this was it wasn't that it became
popular on reddit it's just it randomly
got pushed to a bunch of people's feets
so I had this one video that was
entitled IT specialist can suck my dick
and it had a very provocative thumbnail
wasn't one of my better videos but and I
asked her I said okay I understand
everything you're telling me here here's
my analytics if this is the case why is
it that this three or
video that has a very profane title a
very profane content being pushed to so
many people in the suggested feed and
she had no idea so you don't understand
how your own platform works if I have a
problem with anything regarding the
platform there's nobody that I can speak
to so I don't I don't feel secure there
I want there to be some where where
there's some sort of accountability to
me if something goes wrong with somebody
that I can actually speak to so that's
that's why I tell people show you know I
would prefer that you view my stuff on
Vimeo because on that platform at least
I have some level or degree of control
over you know me just getting randomly
kicked off or banned or something like
that and in terms of expanding what I do
online I definitely would want to start
doing more data recovery videos I you
know I've spent about 10 or 12 thousand
bucks under data recovery stuff new
cameras lenses capture cards everything
so that when Steve is doing drive savers
level work I want there to be another
section of the channel where we try to
you know demystify that as well this is
not a lot of people out there who are
trying to show you not just here's me
and my astronaut suit in my 10 million
dollar ISO nine whatever certified room
doing what you can't do pay me $10,000
I'd like to have a channel showing
here's how you we actually do it from
start to beginning I'm not saying you
should do this at home but watch us
recover a drive let's show you let's try
and demystify another part of this
business this is very interesting
because it seems like you kind of have a
thing with the drive savers cuz you know
I think some of us have probably seen
like the - tech tips tour of the
facility and things like that and it is
like you know it's the clean suit NASA
Space Station's type of stuff walking
through are you trying to say that like
95% of drive repairs you can do without
that that that's complete overkill and
[ __ ] or what hundred yes I'm saying
I don't know if 95 percent is the proper
percentage but we have a laminar flow
bench and Steve sits there with his
v-neck t-shirt and his chest hair
hanging out of it
and he recovers drives some of the
drives he's recovered two drives that
drive savers didn't recover and I don't
I I really don't like that old-school
type of advertising that old-school type
of we have 25 years experience and all
these certifications and a top-notch
facility I think people are sick and
tired of that they would rather deal
with somebody who is a human they
to deal with somebody who well here's
how I do what I do here here's me
showing you that I know how to do what I
do here you can watch as I do what I do
and learn they'd rather deal with that
than deal with that old setup and I
don't like especially when I've seen
some of their phone repair videos where
they have the people wearing the
spacesuit you don't need to wear the
spacesuit to recover data from a [ __ ]
phone you can get dust in a phone if the
demand chip is actually as underfill on
it so dust cannot get into the phone and
I just find it I don't like that idea I
don't like the idea that you need to be
this far above the average person in
order to do something I don't like
people promoting the I'm probably
screwing up saying this rephrase I don't
like the idea that of promoting yourself
as you need to be perfect in order to
get something done I think it's
discouraging to people who would want to
enter the business and I think that
there's some level of intellectual
dishonesty involved there when you say
that this is how you need to do
something and yeah I run into a lot of
guy I totally agree I'll just I'll
probably get in [ __ ] for saying this
drive savers has bought chips from us
twice I'm just saying the company that
Apple refers you to Apple says this is
the only company that you should go to
when it comes to data recovery they're
the only company that Apple will
actually say yeah you could probably go
here to get your phone recovered they
have bought chips for me like I have
invoice a what but they they've I don't
like this idea that this company is
theirs
the god of the business nobody can be
like them you only need to go to them
they are authorized they are certified
and at the end of the [ __ ] day when
they need a chestnut or a Tristar it's
like stored across muqaam or are you
4,700 for a 15:30 for acronyms do you
know must be a long way too many waits
like wait a minute your brain they're 20
socializing I spent my 20s knowing what
L p133 w x1 CLA one is compatible with
it's it's a but interesting Wow so yeah
I just move it moving forward with the
YouTube stuff okay do you see that being
do you think that that could get that
revenue level could start being more
significant for you personally versus
the store or do you think that that is
existent
early just to drive more revenue to the
store itself like do you see yourself
becoming a personality because we see
making videos that are technology
related but nothing to do with fixing a
phone and fixing your computer so yeah
III don't see that for a I don't see it
just because in terms of YouTube money
there is what so what people go to
socialblade.com and they assume I make
and then there's what I actually make
off of it and that they're they're very
very different figures I don't make an
amount off of YouTube that is an amount
where I would I would a I would never
feel safe making a living off of YouTube
given how easy it is to get remove from
the platform and the fact that the
people that work for the platform cannot
even tell me how their algorithm works
when it comes to why did you promote
this content that you say you don't want
and I so I don't see myself make I could
see myself making more money as a result
of here let me show you that we're best
in class at driver pair let me show you
how to do your own driver pair and by
the way if you know somebody that needs
a driver coverage send it to us first I
could see that being a way to make money
but in terms of making money solely off
of YouTube monetization I would never
want to trust that as a way to make a
living so you don't really have a
specific drive of being a creator or
going down that path really you do this
for fun - yeah I'm not I'm not a people
person either because when people have
showed up and said i watch her stuff on
youtube they're surprised that i'm not
all excited or that i don't act like
they would if you met lioness or jays
two cents or something but like eli the
computer guy he elias said he's another
youtube channel it's almost 2 a million
subscribers he said that he has
Asperger's syndrome and everything and
they neither I don't think I'm that far
into it but I neither of us are people
people neither of us really saw
ourselves being content creators to the
point where people from around the world
were watching his Eli's idea was I'm
gonna get maybe 30 to 60 people to pay a
monthly fee to watch instructional
videos my idea is maybe 50 to 300 other
repair shops will watch what I posted
and learn board repair you know my dad
used to say that if you want something
to be different you have to be a part of
the change you want to see in the world
I was very pissed off that when I was
trying to learn this there was no good
there was no guide there was no source
of information so I figured I can't be
pissed off that there's no source of
information if I don't put it out there
but I so I put it out there for that
reason so that somebody else who was
following my little path through life
we'll get to this point and say huh oh
the informations there but I I never
imagined having more than 300 people
watching if I did I probably would have
you know not had my face on camera and
not put my name on the channel because I
don't it feels weird knowing that 800
20,000 people know what I look like or
what my name is it's not something I'm
not I'm not necessarily comfortable with
being that popular on a social level
same it's really know if I could go back
in time and redo it if somebody said
you're gonna have eight hundred thousand
people watching not three hundred I
would have never put my name or face on
the camera really I would have put the
information out there so you could yeah
so you could learn this stuff so that
you know if but I wouldn't never put my
name on my face attached to it okay well
so for people that like watcher stuff
what's like the next big project or
something you're working on like if you
could promote or if you want people to
get like one future thing you're doing
what's something you're excited that's
coming up I'm excited about doing all
the data recovery videos with Steve I
want to do the same thing I did with the
border pair process so before if you
needed a border pair Apple would tell
you that it's impossible the only
companies that did it would show you
these hundred thousand square foot
facilities people wearing the spacesuit
the oscilloscope that nobody even
[ __ ] uses because you're not
measuring you know things on the board
using that I want to do the exact same
thing I did with bordered pair with Dr
repair and I just have to find the time
to do it which is hard but over the next
few months I would like to have an equal
amount of hard drive recovery videos as
we do the border pair videos and I don't
want it to be some advertising wanker II
where you know I show you what really
sped up and say send it to us if you
want it done I want it to be something
that people can actually learn from and
that's something I'm really excited
about is that all gonna be posted on
your main channel you did you see we're
creating a separate channel for that
yeah that's on the main channel gotcha
and the second thing I was kind of
excited about was if I do wind up
getting one of these second store
locations I wanted to get rid of my
Amazon affiliate links as I'm trying to
get rid of as many as I can and so that
I linked to my own store selling stuff
and I'd like to actually have a little
setup inside where people can walk in
and try out a microscope or try out a
soldering station or something before
they buy and have the opportunity to buy
all the stuff that's on the website in
the store so if you're you know a 17
year old kid
just wants to get some soldering iron
for his birthday or microscope or
something for your Arduino projects
there's actually there will actually be
a place in New York City where you can
buy it but it's not just gonna be like a
Best Buy or a Circuit City where you see
the product it's behind some glass thing
and you can only touch it once you've
checked out where you could actually try
it in the store that's that's something
that I'd like to do if I do get the the
other space be careful
you know RadioShack went broke trying to
do this back in the day right be careful
not a lot of guys that are into that
stuff you know one caution on the Amazon
thing as well is someone who has a lot
of experience with the Amazon affiliate
stuff you can spend a lot of time doing
that type of thing but you know the
revenue really isn't there because if
someone goes and they click your amazon
link and they don't buy what you're
doing but they go when they buy a
hundred rolls of toilet paper you're
getting a kickback from that so you have
to really I've seen that yeah yeah I
just I yeah I've seen that and I
wouldn't want to open a store solely to
do that but I figure if I have all of
the product in this location already and
I have a person who's shipping stuff and
packaging boxes they're all ready and
all the products already in that
location it wouldn't be that much extra
effort to just have one on display or
have one unit up there so that somebody
could try it I'm not saying it would be
a sexy retail facility but I would like
to have at least there be at least one
place in New York City or if you do
something similar to what I do you can
actually buy a microscope or you could
buy a hot-air station I'm not saying
you're gonna walk into a place that
looks like Sears or Best Buy you're
gonna be walking into a place with you
know Paul cursing as he's doing long
screw room prepare and Mikey shipping
stuff but that you would be able to say
you know I'm kind of curious how this
microscope looks can I try it and I
wouldn't want it to be the main business
because if it was the main business
there's no way in hell that would ever
pay rent or employees but if the
employees that I'm already paying off of
the work that's already profitable it
could take a few seconds out of their
day while shipping because they do have
spare time over the course of a day to
also just take something out of a box
for somebody to try I like to do that
and I hear a lot of people saying Amazon
is killing us large online stores are
killing us but they have a local store
where you're not allowed to try anything
you can't open anything you can't touch
anything so of course I'm gonna go to
Amazon where it's cheaper because you're
offering the shittier experience and you
want more money
I'd like to have some sanest or you can
try all the things and my type of setup
and then buy one if you want and it
probably would cost 10 or 20 bucks more
than it would at Amazon
I'm hoping at that point that the people
that show up are not the kind of dicks
that are gonna go after all of that
demoing I'm still gonna go to Amazon to
say file definitely best spice right
people run to Best Buy they demo a
product of real life and then they run
on Amazon and buy it or some [ __ ]
nobody but people hate Best Buy then
nobody gives a [ __ ] because people
there's no loyalty to Best Buy what is
Best Buy done for the community what is
Best Buy done for you to the point of
earning that loyalty they've done jack
[ __ ] but I think if I've said here's
exactly how to run the business that I
run here's exactly how to do what I do
here's how to sign here you could try
all the equipment that I have at that
point if somebody is so much of a [ __ ]
that they are willing to say I will go
to bed I will go to Amazon because
they're selling it for 265 or as you
want to 70 fine [ __ ] it mayor Copa I
give up and if the idea winds up failing
and I just I'll wind up on doing it but
I don't think it's gonna be like that I
think that especially in a city like New
York where people are sick and tired of
Starbucks chase Starbucks chase
Starbucks a Starbucks chase and let our
buck chase liquor store that they would
be willing to spend the extra five bucks
if I'm selling something that they
really want and need and I'm willing to
let them try it use it and they can talk
to an expert in the fields who will help
advise them what to do so I'm excited
I'm really excited about that if I
actually hear back from the space you
probably won't but if I do and I'm
excited about doing the data recovery
videos a lot because I find it fun just
part of the what I find fun about this
is taking something that somebody else
thinks is impossible or that they don't
know how to do or where the information
is not there and filling the void and
putting the information out there and I
focus on the monetization later not in
the beginning I don't go into it
thinking how can i monetize showing
people how to do driver pair no I have
spent a few thousand bucks on lenses and
camera equipments and all this other
stuff and I don't know maybe I'll that
part I figure out later but the
excitement for demystifying something
that is currently mystified is
definitely the driving factor and it's
what I'm what I'm excited about doing
next okay cool
my cats not because he just decided to
go to sleep as you can see looks like
pretty thick yeah he's 25 pounds he's
family holy [ __ ] are you serious yes
banning your business boy you're
spending all your [ __ ] 15 I can't
wait 25 pounds 25 pounds yeah okay
alright now that he's gone let's talk
about how much we love Apple
they are a superior I mean come on it's
like not even like some of the smartest
computer texts I've ever met in my
entire life of an ingenious bars are you
really
I went to a genius part one time I will
never go back in my entire life I almost
killed myself walking out of there okay
where's the cat where's yet holy jesus
wait let's see that belly lift him up
more yeah oh I guess he doesn't like as
bad up close that 25 pounds so pretty
big for a cat though that's when they
say chunk a lot he comin okay well hey
cool we really appreciate you being on
people know where to find you on YouTube
I'm sure you're thinking be linked in
the description and I mean you're just
you're Louis Brosnan on YouTube mine
that good yeah - I see you have a broken
computer send it to him but before they
send it to them try to fix it yourself
and break it more so he can charge you
more money there you go
but yeah it was a really good talking to
you both thank you very much for taking
the time and having me on yeah yeah
thanks a lot for joining us right all
right yep have a go guys we can't just
knock the TREC bull out of my mouth
thanks Chuck alright alright see you
guys later peace on
