hey doesn't it can hear me hey what's up
how's it going
I've got destiny on one end and Ben
Burgess on the other how's it going
gentlemen yep I'm pretty good so yeah I
was I was gonna let you two speak unless
you really want me to say like
legitimately moderate this in which case
I could well do it at least uh talk
about just in general what we're talking
about and like maybe like some like
ballpark about how long we talk about it
yeah [ __ ] I forgot I need to find
eclipse what is it
I don't remember we're talking about
okay so originally I don't know so
originally like go whatever we're
talking about talking again that was
gonna be about rent control and the
Bernie Sanders housing plan you know I
mean I'd be I'd be up to do that I'd be
up to like revisit a little bit of like
the previous conversation or some
combination of those but like I also
since this is hard to schedule I do want
to like spend a little bit of time here
but I also have to like pack and stuff
tonight so if we kind of had some idea
of like what the what the timeframe was
that'd be good for me yeah I mean I
don't have much time so we could check
fairly quickly what do you wanna talk
about okay well do you want to do do you
want to start with the the rent control
and hazard stuff yeah we can take my
friend Kyle if you want sure so well cuz
that was I don't know I don't know how
will you remember about like a week or
two ago you would tweet it at me and
asked if I was ready to come on then I
was like just leaving campus I was like
you wanna do it in an hour and it didn't
end up happening but that one who's
gonna be about that so we might as well
do like at least a minute on that start
okay so oh I'm in my position of
anything Ren controls a horrible policy
I don't think it helps anybody that it's
supposed to help it caused a lot of
damage to people that are supposed to
help and a damages house I'm working a
general I just think it's a really dumb
policy doesn't do any good okay so my
position is that I think it does
actually help a certain group of people
and I think that if the concern what I
usually see is the concern for rent
control people who have your position
is that it's going to lead to less new
housing being built that that's going to
be the big unintended consequence and so
to the extent that that is supposed to
be the big unintended consequence I
would say that since in the Bernie
Sanders housing plan it's paired with
massive investment in public housing I
think that addresses that sort of being
concerned has been like okay well if
that's the case then then then you know
then why not just do the public housing
part and skip the rent control but I
think that the two policies address
separate needs so I think rent control
helps people who are already housed why
would you want to tell people they're
already housed because lots of those
people need help because they have a you
know because even in major cities that
are very expensive there are lots of
working-class people who are already
housed and they need help because lots
of those people face eviction and other
problems because because the the rent
keeps going up and so I think that's a
population worth helping and I sure so
let's look at two different parts of
this there's two different ways to do so
one is philosophical and then one is
gonna be empirical so when we ask about
like who it helps you saying that people
that are already there what about all
the people that don't need that help
like the middle class people and the
upper class people and what about the
people that start to over-consume
housing because they've gotten rent
control now like how is this good okay
so the the thing about the upper the
middle class of the upper upper-class
people is is a general objection to
social democratic policies of just about
any kind universal health care universal
college education I remember this was a
Hillary Clinton talking point in 2016 I
don't want to pay for Trump's kids to go
to college and what I'd say about that
is that universal programs tend to be
just ratito
than means-tested ones they're more
politically viable they're less so
they're less vulnerable to future budget
cuts because they have they have bigger
constituencies they just sell themselves
better that this is something that's a
universal social right whereas so like I
think it's just a really nice quick
illustration of this is if you look at
the different speech
Wayne between like Obamacare which the
Republicans could spend years
symbolically voting to repeal and they
could still win elections after that
versus universal programs in Canada and
the UK which even the conservative
parties in those countries have to
pretend to support because they're so
popular I think or for that matter even
in this country Medicare for seniors you
know nobody comes out and says we want
to abolish that because the constituency
is too big and too unified to do that so
uncomfortable uncomfortable with that
right the fact that it helps people who
don't need help
I think is more than worth the political
the political benefits of it and and
again when it comes to people who who'd
benefit from new housing I think that
you can fill that in with with massive
investments in public housing I allow
what you see in Vienna what you see in
Ostia else Road Austria what you see
what you see in Singapore what you see
in Sweden where that's all been very
successful so I'm not familiar with a
lot of these other places I know that in
Sweden it has not been considered
necessarily successful so for instance
the waiting list to get on to an
apartment in places like Stockholm is
literally like 20 to 30 years there's a
lot of really interesting stuff about
housing I was just a Sweden for a month
and I got to talk to a couple people
about it I didn't realize like how
difficult it was to actually find
housing there because people always cite
it it's like such a great example of
like housing development it seems like
Sweden actually does have a lot of
problems supplying houses to people
because of the way that their waiting
lists and guarantees and everything work
I find this pragmatism argument to be
very unconvincing I know that a lot of
people say it well you know Universal
programs don't get cut as much I've
tried to search for this I really have
because I'm all for like pragmatic
politics I say it all the time it's why
I favor multi-payer over single-payer
even though single-payer might be better
because I think multiplayer is more
pragmatically possible but I've never
found evidence of this ever the idea
that like a universal program is harder
to cut than a program that like isn't
universal I don't know if that's true I
do know that a lot of programs die
because people can't find funding for it
and the more universal program is you
need to bring in way more money to fund
it and this leads to a lot of problems
Universal programs lead to a lot of
problems that lead to like
overconsumption as well which which
causes the programs not work at all so
for instance in the United Kingdom
overconsumption of education was a
problem where too many people were going
to school
quality of the education fell and there
are a lot of problems related to like
mainly twas middle-class people that
were just going to school because they
had the opportunity to and now it was
free and the quality fell for everybody
or in the United States rent controlled
areas lead to a lot of overconsumption
of housing so for instance maybe you
have a house maybe you have a few kids
those kids move out you're sitting in a
three bedroom apartment you're the only
person there but it's rent-controlled so
instead of moving like you normally
would you just sit there and occupy
forever because it's rent control why
would you leave it's a really good deal
so yeah I find I find the pragmatic
argument very unconvincing I know Sweden
is a really bad example of successfully
done like public housing I know they
have a lot of housing problems yeah I
would I would need a lot more to think
that Sweden was non convincing examples
the fact that there's the fact that
there's a waiting list I think is
extraordinarily weak evidence for the
same reason that the existence of long
wait times for universal health care I
find extraordinarily weak objection to
that so I think what you need to look at
the same way that for universal health
care you don't want to just look at wait
times you want to look at life
expectancy you want to look at infant
mortality you want to look at mortality
amenable to health care and if those if
those things were all better but people
have to wait longer that I'd say that
that is morally and in every other way
vastly superior to a system that serves
people less well but where rich people
can buy their way to the head of the
line similarly in terms of Sweden versus
countries without that level of
investment in public housing I would I
would say that the thing - the thing to
look at is okay sure does it take you a
long time to get into this building
because you can't just buy your way in
you know based on having more money okay
that's one consideration but another
consideration is what's the homelessness
rate what's the eviction rate you know
that they have a that if those things
were really low then that seems like
well worth the trade-off as far as they
as far as the political pragmatism
argument I think that there are I think
the examples I gave you do strike me as
pretty persuasive now you could say
those are you know those are a few
countries that we're comparing so like I
have to like real quick I would have to
and I don't know these numbers offhand
but I'm just like a quick google the
homeless rate in the United States is
zero point 17 percent the homeless rate
in Sweden is 0.36 percent there
five hundred fifty three thousand
homeless in the u.s. thirty four
thousand homeless in in Sweden so as a
percentage of population I don't know
what numbers we would have to look at to
find out if Sweden's like housing
situation is like good I do know that
kids are staying in Swedish homes longer
and longer and longer because they
aren't able to get houses they either
don't have the capital to buy into a
co-op which is what a lot of housing
structures are or they don't want to sit
on a wait list for literally twenty to
thirty years which is not acceptable
that's that's not working about programs
not working it doesn't seem like they're
homeless rates are like any better than
in the u.s. either I'm sure they have a
lot of other social programs and make
their homeless better off than in the
u.s. like they're their health care and
everything is probably better but yeah I
don't know I just like in this
particular scenario I just don't find
these arguments like convincing at all
it seems like a horrible band-aid
program for what really needs to happen
which is more houses need to be built
yeah more houses need to be built but
there's absolutely no reason there has
to be private sector rather than the
public sector that seems like the that
seems like the heart of it well the
reason is because we have a private way
we have a capitalist economy not a
planned economy right I mean we could
build public housing if we want okay but
there are places aren't complete that
are by no means even close to being
completely planned economies that have
massive investment in in public housing
in fact you know and some of those are
because of long-standing intervention by
Social Democratic parties like the
Swedish example or like the Viennese
example but some of those are just like
you know otherwise technocratic
neoliberal kinds of hellholes like Swiss
like Singapore where it's they have in
sea so I'm sorry I was trying to look up
real quick about the about the stats but
you know that seems to be a case right
Singapore is not a completely planned
economy to put it mildly it always goes
way up on the rankings for economic
freedom you know from like you know like
libertarian Institute's that rank
different countries in the world by
economic freedom they always rank
Singapore really highly and that's a
place where eighty percent of the
population lives in publicly owned
housing a method of Singapore is a lot
of those publicly ho dowsing is very
nice and I certainly don't think you
know if you can
find all right so all right so I guess I
can't find the actual the actual
percentage of of homeless people in
Singapore well why not
I'm just curious why not just no more
houses and let people come in and build
more houses and then like people like
rent and buy their like prices will
follow the supply of houses like well
one because it's it you know because if
you're actually like facing eviction in
the short term then like any kind of
policy where you say you know we're
gonna let the market do its thing and
wait for the benefits to trickle down to
anybody else
you know then like there's there's
there's certainly no guarantee that
that's gonna that like those alleged
benefits are going to kick in okay so I
really don't like the phrasing here this
this idea that you just snuck in the
word trickled down like this is a pretty
basic thing if you build more houses
literally accurate okay well the problem
is in your policy like the nice thing
about you suggesting rent control is
that when you suggest rent control it
feels good because the people that you
help are immediately noticeable all
those people that live in an in a rent
controlled area they get to enjoy lower
rents you see that benefit immediately
but what you don't see in your policy is
all of the poor and middle-class people
that can't afford to live there now
because houses aren't being built and
because the rent you're not you're not
paying attention this is a straw man
this is totally inapplicable to the
combination of policies being considered
which is a combination of rent control
even massive notice that the problem is
that but I don't disagree with well I
don't know how I feel about publicly
controlled housing but like I don't
disagree about building more housing I
just don't know why you're so obsessed
with pairing it with a loser program
like rent control there because nobody
goes is good because well okay first of
all lots of people think of nobody Noah
kind it's like one of the few things
lots of people think it's good that's a
ridiculous straw man but secondly the
thing that makes you say it's a loser
program the thing that's supposed to be
looser ish about it is because it leads
to less incentive for the building of
new private housing but if you're also
making a massive investment and there's
no and there's no economic law that says
that you can't do this this is purely a
political decision if you're also
simultaneously making a massive
investment in publicly owned housing
and the thing that makes it looser ish
not relevant to that conversation it's
surely relevant if you're talking about
rent control Alucard if you're talking
about control plus massive investment in
public housing the fact that there'll be
less private housing is has been
neutralized yeah so i linked the
southern coast river now we're like ran
control is like one of these few issues
that economists broadly agree as a
garbage policy it doesn't help who we
want it to help it usually hurts who we
want to help and it just doesn't usually
get what you want done now i i'm i don't
understand i don't know it's like a
hatred for capitalist or a hatred for
landowners if you want no it's actually
what it is is is it's an understanding
of basic logic because what the
economists are talking about is rent
control
a la carte that they're saying that if
we're just concerned with rent control
on its own then this is bad because they
say and by the way there's not nearly as
much consensus as you say but whatever
let's pretend there is you know because
if we just have rent control there's
going to be far less investments in
private housing this could be far less
private housing built but if you're
building a lot of public housing to make
up the shortfall then it's literally you
could you could accept your premise you
can accept what the economists are
saying and still think that it's just
irrelevant to that package of policies
why not just build more houses why do
you have to covering is really what i'm
saying no you're not
we're saying sure rent control is [ __ ]
but maybe why not just build more houses
and let rents fall that way like okay so
because the because the people being
saved from eviction are being saved
immediately tomorrow by rent control and
the thing that you that you say makes us
[ __ ] policy the thing you say makes a
looser policy is having less incentive
for building private housing but that
disincentive is irrelevant if you're
building more public housing that's it's
it's like literally if you're saying
that that if we build a new road that
that goes from the you know from this
area to this area that's going to be a
loser policy
because there's like a certain
intersection will there be more more
accidents you say okay well let's build
a row but also put a stop light there
and you know you can argue that the stop
lamp will be good enough that's a
separate that's a separate argument but
just pretend but just continuing to go
on about how if you have the road there
that's gonna lead to this bad
consequence as if the proposal weren't
to build the road and also build the
stoplight it's ridiculous there's
nothing but there's the road and the
stoplight accomplished totally different
issues like building more houses
accomplishes a lot of what rent control
wants to do which is limit the cost of
housing or make housing more affordable
if you build more properties you can
make housing more affordable because
increasingly supply of houses will cause
the cost of all the other surrounding
properties why homes you hate building
is owning more houses like so yo so you
objected earlier to the phrase
trickle-down but it's worth underlined
in kind of circle in a couple times why
that's strictly literally accurate here
because if you're what you're talking
about very office oh we should like free
things up right with zoning so people
can build more oftentimes the first case
what they have the most incentive to
build immediately and this is why it
doesn't really help the people who are
going to be evicted next week or next
month what they have an incentive to
build immediately are high income
housing that these people can't afford
but you can't down low for low-income
high-density housing this can all be
taken care of with zoning what do you
notice and of Zoning words like you
could do this
haha except that this has been
empirically tested so many times and it
doesn't have any of these effects they
have there's there's no where is the
place where you have had some market
oriented policy that they have a that
like you know that that keeps that like
has kept you know has like stops like
eviction from being a big problem
because you know because you have yeah
because you have these these
trickle-down effects I mean look if you
have this has actually happened in areas
where in Chicago rent control was lifted
in areas and more housing did appear and
even in some areas crime fell and there
was more affordable housing available as
a result of this there have been places
where rent control has been lifted and
it has had a positive impact on the
affordability of how
in areas yes even empirically this is
borne out rent control if you want to
talk about like some people might get
evicted now well let's talk about like
housing vouchers right let's say like
hey if you're below a certain income
maybe you get some type of either tax
credit or some voucher that lets you
afford where you want to live there's no
reason to limit the rent well first of
all first of all there first of all the
vouchers are not going to are not going
to keep up but the vouchers are always
going to have you know what you're
talking about it means tested program
and by the way let's not let this go
from earlier they have there is plenty
of obvious evidence that means testing
is a political loser the the US Canada
UK healthcare example is one great
example of that how is that a great
example the well Firth II after the
extremely obvious reason that
conservatives in Canada in the UK it's
not because of some like there's
something different in the drinking
water that makes them have different
ideological predispositions what are we
talking about right now I'm totally look
because conservatives in Canada and the
UK like I said earlier I have to at
least pretend to support the continued
existence of their Universal programs
universal health insurance in the
Canadian case the NHS in the British
case that you know that they have that
they have sell well well you know we
want to reform in certain ways but they
can't say we want to get rid of it you
know conservatives in the US can say we
want to get rid of Obamacare and
continue to win elections that seems
like a really powerful piece of evidence
even within the same country yeah I mean
like that's one piece of evidence I can
point to one of the most successful
programs that exists in the United
States for helping parva impoverished
people get money as the Earned Income
Tax Credit that's mean test that's means
tested like I mean like we can point to
like individual programs but like I'm a
wholly at suppose but but you're saying
it's successful in the sense that it
that like the policy once in place works
but that's just equivocation the
question is is it does it it doesn't
have this kind of political strength
this this relative resistance to budget
cut to cuts that that you that universal
social programs have and I think to find
that out we'd have to see right you know
we'd have to
look at at whether there's been some big
attempt to to take it back whether you
know how that wins is there can we
compare it to other things that are
other nons means-tested and yeah I would
I would let if you ever find that and
want to own me on a Twitter thread go
ahead and tweeted me I've looked for it
but I have never found this evidence
it's like a really common talking I just
gave you gave me one program you gave me
one program so so so actually so I can
give you another in in the United
Kingdom their education system was
completely Universal and now it's not
anymore and it's doing better as a
result like that's a program that was
universal like we can go back and forth
on single programs I am NOT able to find
so but but you're but you're conflating
two completely separate issues what do
you mean completely yes because the
argument that we're talking about is of
the political argument is about
resistance to budget cuts how much of a
constituency there's going to be for
people pushing back against the repeal
of something and that's a complete and
you know what you keep trying to say is
oh here's a means-tested program that's
been very successful in the sense that
it brings about its desired result those
are two those are two different
conversations whether it has you know
whether something you know is a
successful policy and whether something
is a politically durable policy of the
term or just different questions sure I
don't disagree with that but you haven't
given me like strong evidence that like
universal programs are like politically
advantageous over non universal one okay
well I actually did give you evidence
and you just dismissed it without really
giving me a reason sorry so you're a
philosophy professor right certainly you
understand how illogical it is for you
to give me two examples and say one that
the fact that the universal is causally
related to the fact that they are still
of existence and to the fact that giving
me two examples when I can provide you
the counter example prove your point you
should know this called influence to the
best explanation
okay but they have it's the best
explanation means that when you've got a
phenomenon right yeah you know what is
the simplest most obvious most
reasonable
explanation of it and in this case I've
given you it you haven't given me an
alternative explanation you're wasteful
firstly so you're also saying I'm sorry
but you're also saying oh this doesn't
count right you know that they have
you've given me like two or three or
four or five examples which I just gave
you like I could give you so many more
examples but you haven't actually given
me a single example on this point what
do you mean on this point on the point
of the comparative political durable I
just gave you one I said that in the
United I said in the United Kingdom
their education was universally free and
now it is no longer that was a
universalism so so so so that might be
half of an example what's the other half
of the example so in other words if
you're gonna say it's not true that
comparatively speaking that's the claim
nobody is saying that they're that like
it's totally impossible politically it's
you know that it's that it's like okay
logically impossible repealing me it's
just a program but to give me a complete
example you would have to give me
comparison points on both ends what's
the means tested the nons means test a
program that shows that actually mean on
the universality does it give any kind
of advantage I just gave you an example
what do you I don't know you did it you
gave me half of an example you didn't
give me a full example so to give me a
full example you'd have to say hey here
was this universal program in the in the
UK here and here was this comparable non
universal program somewhere else that
turned out to be more politically
durable okay so you're asking so I've
pointed out that in the UK their
education system changed dramatically
from universal to non in the United
States we have non universal education
stuff that is still non-universal what
is the other half you want so so hold on
what's the so so what's the thing that
said that we have in the United States
we have like friends like we've got like
grants and loans and stuff that are
available at subsidized rates like
Stanford Stafford loans to [ __ ] okay so
they have a but like but those those
have been you know those have been cut
lots of times those are you know those
have particular like those are things
that have
we're in plenty wait is that actually
true my understanding was that funding
for education and those loans have
increased and increased an increase of
the affordability of college is still
like with loans is still more or less on
par I could be wrong enough but that's
what I am familiar with so you're
telling you right now that if I go and
look up like Stafford loan availability
or substitution of subsidization to
education that that is decreased in the
United States overall subsidization of
education I believe has decreased I've
mine law I'm open to being not being
proven wrong on that but my
understanding was that over all aid from
all levels of government to education
has decreased overall as percentage of
funding over the course the last few
decades sure can I um I would luckily
I've got a guy that's looking about it
for me you understand right now that
your inference to the best explanation
you're using this in an atrocious way
right do you understand that oh no
actually don't but please sure so
inference to the best explanation
isn't going to be used to provide a
causal link between two highly
complicated events so for instance if I
were to say well that's pretty much
exclusively 1c is 4 but keep going okay
so why don't you explain it to me that
I'm curious inference to the best
explanation
yes explain it to me actually trying to
but you're interrupted okay yeah go for
it okay awesome
so inference to the best explanation or
abductive reasoning is where you say
you've got a phenomenon and it's and the
data is compatible with several
different explanations which of course
is always going to be the case but you
say that the the one that explains the
phenomenon the boast and pretty much any
kind of you know the sort of home
territory of IB is scientific
explanation where you're always going to
be talking about causal links between
complex processes otherwise I don't know
you know I mean like that's pretty much
a like a fairly good one sentence
description of the kinds of things we
need scientific theories for so you
think when we look at the failure or
success of some of these programs you
think that the best inference is just
whether or not they were universal you
don't think these policies are far more
complicated or have way more things
weighing into their successes or
failures it's literally just whether
we're not a university do you see how
what you just said has absolutely
nothing in common what I've said do you
see that you're you're trying to you're
making
you know I'm not cured you're literally
telling me that like you're making an
inference to the best explanation that
the reason why these programs succeed or
fail is literally on on whether or not
that Universal or not I don't know that
well demonstrated at all okay first of
all you've caricature beyond recognition
with plan was what the Klan was was that
being universal provides an advantage in
terms of political durability over
means-tested sure in my argument my
counter-argument that hasn't been
demonstrated okay well I gave you some
examples that's not demonstrator looks
like the simplest most plausible
explanation really you've yes you've
thought you know that let's go over one
example then go give me one example okay
do you know one example why is it that
why is it that that it's so much easier
politically for Republicans in the
United States to to oppose Obamacare
that is for conservatives in Canada to
oppose their Medicare for All system um
maybe they can't find the funding for it
that's that's why the you know that the
Republicans the United States can't find
the funding for Obamacare that's problem
sure do you believe that yeah it's an
expensive program to fund so sure or
maybe that would maybe they don't want
that it's you don't have to tell me what
I believe or not the onus is on you to
prove this you're the one telling me
that you're making the best inference
you're not what I'm telling you is that
these instances are very complicated so
for instance if we move to like a form
of like single-payer that's very
complicated doesn't mean that it's not
the best in force it's for no it's not
it's it's the anybody that would
honestly because there's a multitude of
something that you obviously given your
overall political beliefs by giving your
general ideological stature I do not for
a second Priya believe that you believe
so they have that you think you really
think that the reason the Republicans
organs are opposed to Obamacare is that
is that they can't find money in the
budget to fund it it's yeah it's
possible that but that's one of a
multitude of reasons it could be that
people are workable but but do you
believe that that is actually what's
going on I wouldn't be brave enough to
tell you why a particular policy
succeeds or fails without first doing my
homework on it and I sure as [ __ ]
wouldn't pin it on a single issue like
whether or not it's universal or not Oh
the question is why has it you know is
it an advantage in terms of politically
succeeding right in other words of being
something that it's hard to overturn our
cuts is it an advantage that it that
it's universal and if you think no then
it's it so you think that you know your
position to be clear right like you know
maybe I'm misunderstanding you as badly
as you're apparently misunderstanding me
about like is they is your position
really that that it's like it's
plausible not just possible cuz of
course it's possible but plausible that
the main reason that Republicans are
opposed to Obamacare is they can't fund
money to find money in the budget to
fund it in a roundabout way sure if that
money has to be found through taxation
or increases in taxes historically the
Republican Party stands against stuff
like that that's why the Trump
administration cut record amounts of
taxes for wealthy people yeah sure I
think so so then so then something like
the like Medicare of the Medicare system
they they have in Canada you've got
conservatives to oppose for the same
reason that's also funded by taxation I
don't know it could be opposed by any
number of reasons we're not opposed by
any number of reasons I'm not sure I
think it's more complicated than whether
or not it's just universal or not this
is like the most naive view of policy
I've ever heard in my entire life
especially for health care so that they
have a that that's something that seems
like it would be it would give a program
a pretty obvious advantage in terms of
standing up to future budget cutters is
in fact a factor in its favor you know
you think that that's you think that
that's just like naive and ridiculous
and simplistic well in the case of
Canada maybe the budget future budget
cuts don't threaten it but in the case
of the United Kingdom future budget cuts
had threatened the education so I mean
I'm sure it depends from policy to
policy and it probably depends on where
you get your money from for the policy
and it probably depends on a multitude
of other political issues as well also
there might be programs that could go
into effect that would be good
universally but they'll never even make
it because they can't be funded
universally like what we're dealing with
with our education so maybe the things
that are universally funded that are
resistant to budget cuts we might
already be
the main problem may be the reason
they're resistant to budget cuts because
you had the money for that Universal
thing so that's the only reason you
could do it so it has nothing to do with
the fact that it's Universal now it's
just that you had enough money to do it
originally and that's why it's exceeding
the universal thing is just an after
effect so it's not any kind of advantage
at all that they have a that it's
something that everybody knows they're
good draw from everybody that it'll
benefit them that they have a that
there's no reason at all that they'll
give you know that would give it any
kind of political advantage it could be
or it couldn't be
why aren't you Americans like
universally in favor of things like
raising the minimum wage to fifteen an
hour like why do people fall on party
lines for stuff like this I mean I think
voting is a little bit more complicated
than whether or just like universally we
agree with it or not
well one clear difference between the
between the two cases is that lots of
people who are opposed to that don't
actually think that they'll party that
they'll personally benefit from it
because you know because they currently
you know they currently make much more
than minimum wage you know that they
have a that that they don't think that
they're going to that they're going to
ever be reduced to to being on minimum
wage jobs just like with means-tested
programs people don't generally you know
lots of people even if it's not true
even if they could very well benefit
from the future lots of people don't
believe that they will ever be in a
position where they're going to have to
draw on means-tested welfare programs
they think that that's for somebody else
somebody who's not like them somebody
who's probably lazy anyway this could
apply to health care just as easily how
many times did we see attack ads we're
saying like Oh death panels are gonna
take away your Obamacare from you or
we're gonna ration health care and
there's gonna be long waiting lines like
the same thing could be used towards any
policy that people don't understand it
fully except except that if you know
that you're going to benefit from
something not that you can't not that
lots of people don't but they're going
to be fewer people who buy into this
line of attack because they know they'll
benefit from it right I mean that that's
that that's that's why that's why you
know Medicare and Social Security you
know are wildly popular because
everybody knows that they personally
will benefit from and right think about
the old
the whole thing about the person at the
Tea Party rally waving around the sign
saying like your government hands off my
Medicare right you know that that's then
why don't we already have universal
health care why didn't all of America
get behind the ACA or or the public
option why didn't that happen already if
everybody knew they were gonna benefit
from it well because first of all public
option you're already talking about very
different you know from from a universal
program it was always very uncle who was
gonna be eligible for for the for the
public option even if you were hyper
focused on everything Obama was saying
about that you were watching all of the
healthcare town halls it was still
extremely unclear who is gonna be
eligible for for that public option so I
think again this this idea that this is
something that's really going to benefit
other people not you is is going to be
much more plausible to people in the
case of something that's one element out
of a patchwork of some sort of
incredibly complicated health care bill
that they know they don't understand
which which is why the polling on the
ACA was was our be ambiguous and now
even before we have it Medicare for all
already even even law even a shocking
number of Republicans and polls say that
we have that and I think that if history
is anything to go by it's not that it's
impossible right you know the stupid
straw man not that like nothing could
possibly you know there could never be a
point politically where the other side
is powerful enough to to overturn such a
program but it's much harder to overturn
universal programs that everybody knows
that they personally will be able to
draw from and benefit from so I'd also
point I'd also point out that when it
comes to the U K and education that they
have a that that my understanding right
I'm not I'm certainly wouldn't claim to
be an expert on the British educational
system but my understanding is that
there's much more tracking in the
British educational system then then
there is then there is in the United
States that I don't know if there's
anything that's quite equivalent in the
UK just for example community colleges
so like what you're you know a levels
and oh stuff are might die as a high
school student you know might have much
more of an effect there on whether
you're a position to go to university or
not so I could I could also see it be
the case that British people that lots
of British people wouldn't think that
free University was something they were
going to benefit from whereas everybody
everybody knows that you know that no
matter how healthy you are right
everybody that they need health care or
there's a lot of people that don't
consume healthcare and don't buy into it
this is literally the reason why the
mandate exists yes there are lots of
there are lots of healthy people who
don't tell who don't buy health care but
that's very different from saying that
they think that they're never going to
in their lives need but I don't think
people make decisions where they're
thinking like I'm gonna support
universal health care right now because
40 years into the future I'll need it I
don't think any human makes a decision
like that that requires like such an
elevated like hyper picture thought
processes yeah okay but but
down-to-earth more realistically lots of
lots of people think ya know I might
need that they have a that is that you
know that I might get into an accident
you know they have probably at some at
some point I'll need it they have if
there's the whole image of the fact that
people in economically precarious
situations people who for whom buying
private health insurance would caught
would would be a significant fraction of
their income then why this is a really
nice story but none of this lines up
with what happens in reality like it was
a narrative like if I was reading this
in a book I'd be like wow this makes
sense but the reality is we needed a
mandate for the ACA young people don't
buy health care healthy people don't buy
health care they dramatically under
invest in it one of the most important
business tips you get in your life when
you start making money is dude not
everybody does it invest in your health
care control your downsides okay people
don't do this naturally if everybody
supported health griggs is they knew
they were gonna consume it at some point
in time then guess what we wouldn't have
be having these debates buy health care
right now we would already have
universal health care like everything in
the empirical record completely totally
disagrees with the narrative that you're
giving me like it's a nice story but it
doesn't seem to be true at all otherwise
we wouldn't be debating
health care I know we'd already have you
want to be as clear as possible to
everything you just said is false every
single guy okay part is so so wait you
said early about not investing education
was empirically incorrect I'd like to do
the serve so you can blink that sorry
okay go ahead okay so so the percentage
of higher education that's made up by
all levels of government has either
stayed steady or risen over the course
the last few decades that's what you
just looked up yep okay well I'd love to
see that so in any case they have in so
the first thing to notice is that you're
equate into things that we all know come
apart all the time one of those is
whether somebody is going to personally
roll the dice on buying health insurance
for themselves that year right it's a
year-by-year decision and the other is
whether they would support universal
health care provided socially as a right
and as I think we both know I'd be
really sure I'd be very surprised if you
chose breakfast they in fact the younger
people are both the less likely they are
to personally buy health insurance
because they're more willing to roll the
dice I don't think I'm going to need it
this year and the more likely they are
to support universal national health
insurance what is the question what are
you asking me if there's like a
relationship and young people buying
health care supporting national care
what is the question exactly so so so
they have a you were bringing up the ACA
needing a mandate yes as if this were
relevant in any way shape or form to
whether you get more political support
for universal health care than
means-tested health care because
everybody knows that it'll benefit them
so if there's a link between those what
is it I you're asking me if you'll get
more support for means-test no I'm
asking you why you're bringing up the
ACA mandate because it's sure
like what you were saying was the was
the fact that the ACA needed a man did
the fact that lots of young healthy
people are willing to roll the dice on
not buying health insurance this year
because they probably won't need it this
year you seem to be bringing that up as
if it's somehow undermined the claim
that universal health care programs are
more politically durable once they get
going because everybody can see that it
benefits them and I'm saying I don't see
what the link is supposed to be here
especially because it's pretty obvious
that you're going to get that the people
who are the most likely to not buy
health insurance personally are actually
also the same demographic who are the
most likely to support national health
insurance ok can I appeal to the SERPs
here can you summarize the sender
question I'm [ __ ] lost
why can you explain the question to me I
died I'm lost
ok ok destiny yeah why did you bring up
the ACA mandate tell me why run up B I
brought up the ACA mandate I brought up
the ACA mandate because you seem to say
that people will always support like a
universal program or something like
health care is gonna be universally
supported by people and that seems
strange to me because if it's
universally supported by people because
it's universal we would have had some
form of universal health care already
but we don't seem to have that it
doesn't seem to be the case so I don't
understand what does they see a man
don't have to do with that because that
just seems totally irrelevant to what
you just said
the ACA mandate mandated people that are
young and healthy to buy health
insurance because they wouldn't
otherwise normally do it whereas it
seems like you're claiming that
everybody knows they need an investment
in health care at some point or whatever
or that people see the importance of a
universal program so they will make that
investment yes and hey and how are those
two things linked cuz nothing you've
said comes close to linking them so if
you tell me that every person is in
favor of universal health care are old
ridiculous strawman and you know it but
keep going okay if you tell me that the
majority of people are I've always been
in favor of universal health care
because they see the importance of that
investment then my question people why
aren't people investing in it already it
seems like that's not the case okay and
I'm saying that there's a giant
equivocation in that
so there's seeing the importance of it
and supporting it in the sense of saying
I would support national health
insurance as a policy because I you know
because I think that that would likely
benefit me at some you know and you know
even if you you know even if I I think
that if I'm unhealthy right now I think
that this is likely to personally
benefit me and other people that I care
about that's one that's one sense of
investing in it another sense of
investing in it is when you're faced
with those tough financial calculations
which are going to be very different by
the way for the financial calculations
involved in taxpayer funded a health
care I am you know I'm willing to say
you know I'm going to buy private health
insurance and I see
for the risky debt that I'm not going to
need it this year and those two things
just seem completely different to me so
if people are willing to make this
sacrifice or aren't willing to make it
on a personal level why would people be
in favor of say like a tax increase or
whatever in order to do it you don't
think people might see some risk there
even if they even if they are told that
their health care coverage will
ultimately like save them money you
don't think people would have liked the
same calculation problem well first of
all it's not the same calculation
because because national health care
saves the vast vs. versus private health
insurance sure but not everybody
believes that I know that but not
everybody believes that okay
well so two points there first of all
the fact that not everybody believes
that is relevant to why the argument
isn't everybody isn't that this is
something I mean as a matter of fact
national does have majorities right now
United State does
national health insurance Medicare for
all barrel is that like fifty two
percent I think Meghan I could swing
either way okay but they have a but the
argument is not that because people know
that they'll benefit from it you know
you're going to get support in advance
the argument was always about durability
how long something is going to last
after it's been legislated and there are
lots of people who would oppose
something in advance but are but are
more like
you know but come around after because
they can actually see from their own
cave okay okay so I understand okay I
think I understand your argument okay
this is my argument okay have you ever
heard have you ever heard an argument
from I don't know if you're atheists or
theists or not
have you ever heard of argument theists
that the earth exists in a perfect
manner that supports human life and
therefore it's the existence of a
designed universe yes okay so yes yes so
the problem with the fine-tuning
argument is you assume that the universe
could only be one way but the reality is
is that we exist because all of the hard
work happened first like we're just the
product of like what exists of the
universe now like life theoretically
could have been any other number of ways
we just can't conceive of it that this
is essentially this is what I'm
appealing to here is that you're telling
me that universal programs are harder to
get rid of the non universal ones but
what I'm saying is if it's a universal
program it probably just had so much
more support before it became universal
and that's the reason why it's harder to
oppose does that does that make sense
what I'm saying I think I understand it
make sense of the sense that I
understand why you're saying I don't
what I mean I understand what you're
saying so the reason I don't see any
reason to think that it's a think that
it's true of course not but my
hypothesis is just as valid as yours
unless we start to appeal to like
empirical evidence which isn't just a
lot of examples this is why you know you
were very quick to dismiss this earlier
this is why I brought up inference to
the best explanation there are always
going to be lots of hypotheses that are
logically consistent with the data the
question is what's what's simplest
what's most explanatory very well
simplest doesn't even work here that's
not fair you can't just go inference to
the best explanation and then point to
yours and go I win that that's not how
that works right because then I could
just say oh well inference to the best
explanation
if it's a universal program that must a
minute was universally supported before
it's put into place so of course they're
not attacked now I'm using your
inference to the best explanation and
now I went like you can't just say
inference to the best explanation and
then wave away making any arguments is
how that works well actually this is an
argument and we're considering different
explanations and I'm saying this one
seems pretty simple a plausible pretty
explanatory and you haven't actually
given me
an alternate one that is particularly
plausible at all in fact I don't think
usually give me an alternate one that
you personally believe all you've done
is throw up hey it's possible that X is
true but if I were saying that I have
you know a valid deductive argument from
the data to the claim that to the claim
that this is true the fact that you
could come up with something that it's
possible that it was a true and we need
an alternative explanation that would be
a good objection but I'm saying I think
this is a pretty simple pretty elegant
pretty explanatory explanation and the
mere fact that something else that you
don't even believe so you say I don't
believe it so you're saying I don't
believe so you're using I don't believe
it
but the honest answer is that like I try
to be intellectually honest my
conversations and I can't sit here and
tell you 100% this is why this is now
you might be comfortable making that
assertion even though you've given me
like a number of empirical claims I've
just been not true so I don't even know
if you actually know this you're sure so
the ones the thing that you said about
the thing that you said about education
that's not true our education hit
funding has absolutely that's something
that's absolutely not true on the idea
that rent control hasn't gotten to the
waiver
yeah I said I said hey this you know
that was the one that was most tentative
about I said hey I'm open to proven
wrong about this I don't think this is
the case but they have a that is one you
said a number sure okay another one is
when you were mentioned like oh well
like where are these areas that we
remove rent control from and it helps
and I gave you an example that we have
done at a place like Chicago where we've
removed records from areas and
empirically it has demonstrated uh-uh
I didn't say find me a place I'm sorry
but like but you're you are trading in
ridiculous straw man I cannot say give
me a place where regular erect control
has removed and it's helped okay uh you
know this is you know I said give me a
place where rent control has been
removed and eviction as no longer a
major problem now is Chicago one of
those places okay Chicago is one of
those places where and there are a
number of them
is the only one I'm intimately familiar
with but they lifted rent control in a
lot of areas and there were a lot of
improvements that happened like there
was more housing built the places were
rather but the problem the problem is
you're shifting over from what we were
actually disagreeing about to something
that's easier to prove there was never a
disagreement about whether it could help
the disagreements was one about whether
it would help as immediately to whether
it would help us dramatically and three
most importantly and this is the and
this is the big point that you've veered
away from over and over and over again
would it help as much as rent control +
massive investment in public housing I
don't know if we're moving the rent
control would help as much as rent
control + massive investment in public
housing because I'm guessing the massive
investment in public housing is going to
erase a lot of the negative aspects of
rent control yes the massive investment
of public housing is going to make
irrelevant the one and only negative of
rent control that you have pointed to
well it won't make it irrelevant it'll
just mask it because like maybe your
maybe your housing market is damaged by
five percent but the huge increase in
public housing helps by 15 percent so
now you just get an advantage of 10
percent like that's something ok so they
have a but if the only concern about
rent control and certainly it's the only
one I've heard from you is that it would
lead to less investment in private
housing sure we can concoct a scenario
where we have public housing investment
but it's less than what the private fair
you know private housing investment
shortfall is but they have a that's but
that's different from saying that we
could that we could have you know public
you know if we combine rec control with
enough investment in public housing to
to make up whatever you think the
shortfall is right you know let's say
what you think the shortfall is and then
let's specify that that's how much we
invest in public housing and you know
then it seems like that would neutralize
the one and only objects you have in
public housing and just to put a little
bow on the point if said okay well now
we're talking about some
crazy level of investment in public
housing because we've done enough to to
make up for to make up for the shortfall
that's that's caused by rent control I
just point out that it would take an
awful you know it would it would be an
amazing shortfall such that making it up
would still come up with less than the
amount of public housing that you have
an apparently pretty positive examples
like Singapore okay so all I'm saying is
that whatever world you give me what
you're trying to make up the shortfalls
of rent controlled public housing you
could just not do rent control and
you'll always be doing better if you
want I don't like public housing but if
you want to make massive control
investments in public housing it's
better than what we have right now which
is massively slowing rents in places the
people can't afford but all I'm saying
is if you want to do public housing then
do it but you don't need rent control to
do that like prices will fall all have
places to live rent control is always
gonna be something that hurts you except
for like in very real like you like soft
like you know in really targeted places
how is it good so the only respect
you've given in which it's going to hurt
me is that you're gonna have less new
private housing built and so what I'm
confused about is why you think that
it's going to hurt if we combine rent
control with at least as much new how
the public housing investment as would
it you sure so I think rent control is
bad for a number of reasons is one it
hurts reinvestment in in private housing
okay that is one reason two is because
it damages how people consume housing it
causes a lot of weird inefficient market
reactions that shouldn't happen and then
so I guess three is that it causes like
an under investment in other housing but
you would rectify that with public
housing I guess and then four is that
rents and non rent controlled housing
would also increase more but you would
probably counter that by saying every
single unit should be rent controlled I
guess yeah of course every year that
should be rent control that's what we're
talking about universe control the whole
discussion started with the Bernie
Sanders Universal rent control Plus
massive investment in public housing
package of proposals it's also just not
true that you're gonna get the same
benefits from just massive investment in
public housing you're gonna get from
master investment in public housing plus
rent control
because that is not going to help people
as much stay in the places where they
are right now now so maybe our overall
it's going to it's going to help you
know more of them or more people stay in
more of the places you know over the
course of a few years or as effects kick
in but if you are facing in the near
term eviction because your rent keeps
going up then then just pod just massive
investment in public housing is going to
help you as much as a massive investment
with housing plus rent control okay so
why hope you wonderful groups away what
why would you want new units that are
being built for those new units to be
rent controlled well first of all a lot
of the a lot of the your mind a lot of
the way a lot of the disadvantages of
rent control are because of the non
universality so if it's the you know
it's it's gonna structurally mirror the
reason why we want wage instead of
patchwork of minimum wages and different
places that they have a that that you're
not going to get the same investment
that you are for example at the same
incentive that you are for example to to
sell rent controlled building to to a
new to to a new owner - then - then
demolish the place and then rebuild a
new building the location where they can
just charge whatever they want for rent
if you have if if everything is
happening within a scheme for universal
rent control so earlier you talked about
how you like Universal programs because
they're more pragmatic in terms of like
surviving than non Universal ones how
why do you think there's any possibility
ever that we could literally like dica
modify all housing in the United States
then all right so is the question why do
I just support the
rather than supporting going for well
cuz what you're talking about right now
is essentially the decommodification of
housing in the United States well no
it's not it well well no I can connect
it if you want I mean like it's a pretty
clear line if you're if you're going to
rent control every property and they're
gonna start building public housing
that's publicly funded that's also rent
controlled unit let private people build
even if they could build they're never
gonna be able to compete with
taxpayer-funded properties and and
everything is gonna be forced big record
anyway there's not gonna be any private
investment in rent controlled areas and
then it's it's all gonna be public
housing basically that's okay so two
things two things about that first of
all actually it's kind of interesting
because it sounds a lot like Republican
arguments about why the ACA into the end
of private health insurance because you
you had all these restrictions and
private health insurance but you know
okay wait so firstly hold on you can't
just make appeals to saying this sounds
like a Republican argument and like
you're just using that as a way to like
poison the well or whatever stop
worsening the well it's calling
attention to the fact that I assume
correct me if I'm wrong
you weren't swayed by that argument
which might make us by analogy take
another look at this to see what the
difference you would have to see if the
AFT if the two industries are analogous
so I don't believe that the free market
can successfully deliver health care it
just doesn't seem to work private health
care systems don't seem to work for a
number of reasons because consumers
aren't able to negotiate for health
prices for a number of reasons if you
have a heart attack you're not gonna go
price shopping for the best Hospital and
there's a lot of reasons why health care
doesn't work in the private market
housing seems to be something that can
probably be taken care of by the private
market you got a plenty of time to make
a decision about it there's a lot of
different choices available to you
there's a lot of competing people that
are building houses like it seems to be
something that like markets can
negotiate a lot better so just because I
would use some arguments against rent
control or deem commodifying all houses
doesn't mean I would make the same
arguments against dica modifying say
health care that will actually that
wasn't the analogy the analogy wasn't
between Iike modifying health care and
commodifying housing the analogy was
between your argument that the
combination of rent control and massive
investment in public housing would lead
to the end of private housing which is
different from decommodification let's
get to that in a second
that that was like the standard
Republican argument when Obamacare was
first being trotted out when I had a
public option attached to it that the
combination of all of these restrictions
on what private health insurers could do
to make money Plus this public option
was going to lead to the end of private
health insurance which maybe I'm wrong
I'm assuming you didn't buy that one did
you know I agree with that it could it
probably will but I'm okay with that
like if we do multi-payer system and all
private insurance ends up drying up and
[ __ ] it [ __ ] private insurance if the
okay that's interesting I'm less
optimistic you know who's we asked about
thought about that way but in the but in
the case of of housing so Dee
commodifying housing would mean
abolishing rent right that's the that
would be the equivalent just have it
being paid for through through tax money
the way that when I talk about Dee
commodifying health care we're talking
about abolishing premiums and generally
speaking also abolish and co-pays and
deductibles you know and just having it
all being paid for pay pay for it out of
tax money even if we completely
eliminated existence of private
landlords that still wouldn't add up to
the decommodification of of housing we
can talk about whether duplication is a
good idea right controlled areas in your
world when you have public housing and
people can't afford the rent in a
rent-controlled building you would kick
them out you would even well well I
think you could I don't I don't think
you have to go to I think that you can
have actually already exists for certain
kinds of public housing and certainly so
if you have somebody that lives in it in
a house right now that gets rent
controlled and they still can't afford
their rent you would have the state come
in and evict that person I think that
rather than abso okay so first of all if
you keep pushing the second let's do the
explanation they have a so what what
we'd actually in the case of public
housing right not just you know not just
a rent control private housing huh
but about public housing we could do
what actually exists in many places
certainly both in the global example
you know singapore vienna etc and also
what already exists in many places in
the united states which which which is
that you could have that you know that
the public the public public units
wouldn't necessarily wouldn't
necessarily be rent free but there be
there be a sliding scale it might be
rent free while you're unemployed they
have a you know you could you know it
could do the the rent could be indexed
to to you know to your income i mean
none of this is hype all this actually
does exist exist in lots of places and
if the question is sure if you had that
system you know would there be
theoretical would there be circumstances
under which eviction would happen of
course in the same way that you know
even if something is being you know even
if something that's being the government
right you know it so you're telling me
that you're telling me that for these
units you would means test them not
being so i would be its test them in the
sense that social you know social
security as beings test means test in
the sense that Medicaid is means-tested
so we could have we have means test in
in the sense that they that what rent
you're charge very social security means
tested according oh so she's curious
means tested because wait because what
you're mike is cutting out oh I'm sorry
how does it has this yeah you get okay
Social Security as means tested in the
sense that how much you were is heart
what did he say alright isn't just
cutting out from here no it's good
enough for me to oh interesting I mean
I'm its station so Social Security just
try this last point real quick Social
Security has means-tested in the sense
that what you earn is in part a function
of what your income was okay so in that
so in other words there's means-testing
in the sense that something is Chartwell
i mean its social secur
you're actually earning more because you
were you know during your working life
because you're at a more yeah I feel
like I feel like I've never heard
means-testing describe that way before
that usually means tested is just this
is what you get based on what you make
whereas Social Security you actually get
paid out based on what you paid in I
don't know if I because that means
testing but I'm being really okay okay I
was had conversation last week with Noah
Smith from Bloomberg he was describing
it that way okay but whatever if we
don't want to call that me and stuff
this is super pedantic of me don't worry
egg on this is so but but in the sense
so there but we did I think the more
important distinction we want to make is
means test in in that what you pay is
dependent on your and means test in in
the sense that whether you qualify it at
all has some sort of cutoff based on
your means and I think it would be very
important not to means test public
housing in the second sense because I
actually think that a lot of the
historic disadvantages of public housing
in the US have been a function of the
fact that public housing complexes were
economically segregated just a place
where very poor people lived whereas I
think if you had a lot of data a mixture
of income levels which is something that
you do as I understand it have in these
Polly examples like Singapore Vienna etc
then I think that you're you know
they're not going to be you know centers
of crime in the same way etc etc so so
yeah I mean side means test in the sense
that rent would be charged at different
levels depending on the income I would
not means test in the sense that some
people just couldn't live there at all
wait so would you so do you agree with
means testing that for education or
healthcare or would that be universal I
think those things should be to
completely do commodify
so why would you make education in
health care completely decommodification
Aversa but you would means test for
housing so again I think meat I think
calling it means test in a suit is is
pretty misleading but they have a but
just basically what I would say wait why
is it misleading a sliding scale of how
much you pay based on how much you earn
sounds literally like
textbook definition of means Testament
okay well usually means testing is grab
people certain people just aren't
eligible well I'm a so in your case I
imagine that certain people probably
wouldn't get much of a cut in their rent
at all if they were like millionaires or
something or if they made like seven
hundred thousand a year you probably
wouldn't give them a big discount in the
public housing yeah I mean we'd have to
look at it's not my system what I'm
describing is my understanding of how
mixed income public housing systems
around sure so like the Earned Income
Tax Credit is means-tested but it's a
sliding scale as well it's not like you
get it and then you make $1 more it's
chopped off like it's means-tested it's
a scaling thing that tapers off but okay
well regardless I'm certainly open to
you know if you know if Lance tells me
tomorrow hey Ben I read this awesome
thing about how totally do work then
obviously my ideological inclinations
are such that I would love that right
I'd be all over that
and and I'd be very eager to to read
into that and to see if I you know to
see if it sounded plausible to me I just
don't understand why we were so adamant
earlier about how important like a
universal system was to everything so
that it could be taken away but for
housing we could make this all means
tested that oh well first of all first
of all it is universal in a sense in the
sense that that social security is
universal and Social Security actually
does strike me as a pretty convincing
test case for the claim that
universality is advantage for offer
durability I don't know if I would agree
that social security is universal like
that's something that you can only
collect on after a certain age I don't
think that's a universal in the same way
that like health care is universal or
housing can be universal or whatever
okay but the fact that it's you that
everybody knows that they will someday
collect it or in fact well if you pay
into it in order to try to well I mean
my understanding is that even if you're
that you know that they have a that you
do eventually start collecting some
Social Security but but they have a but
the facts the fact that it's widely
perceived as being something that
everybody is eventually going to get I
think does make it more durable I think
the
that's the reason why and there have had
to in order to try to drum up public
opposition to it there have to be all
these lies about how you know it's going
broke you know by the time you get to
that age you're not going to collect it
etc because that's like one of the only
ways to try to undermine support for it
but to go back to the original question
about what's what's the difference right
you know what's the difference between
health care and education and and in
public housing that you know I would I
would just say that the difference isn't
necessarily going to even be look if you
had a good viable way of making totally
D commodified housing which I think I
just said I'd be you know like I'd be
very open to but if you if you came up
with such a good way then yeah I think
that if we were talking about what not
to try to push for it it would
absolutely be a consideration in its
favor that things that are workable
totally D commodified totally who seem
to be more politically durable than than
things that that that aren't universal
or that people you know or that aren't D
commodify in that way that would totally
be a point in its favor but that doesn't
mean that overall we should go for that
right now I'd be concerned that that as
far as I know like I said I'd actually
love to be corrected about this but as
far as I know there aren't yet any any
good test cases for totally D
commodified so totally universally
totally rent free housing systems so if
there were I'd say yeah let's let's
let's push for that right you know and
the fact that the fact that the
universality would make it easy once we
had it would totally be a point in its
favor but as far as I know there and so
like I told you when you know talked
they had there was no discussion you
know about capitalism and socialism as
much as possible you know I'm like I
like to instead of like instead of
advertising my political mile into the
unknown
as much as it all possible I'd like to
extrapolate from things that have been
have been shown to to be to be workable
to be workable in real life and at the
very least start with okay so working
back because we keep circling back to
this things that are universal are less
attackable or whatever and you eat we
the only defense we had of this was our
best inference if I say that universal
programs are more easily defended
because in order for them to be
implemented they have to have universal
approval how is your inference any
better than mine okay well I think that
we know that so the I think one
difference between those is that we is
that we know go into does in fact
benefit right you know wait hold on can
you say that again you're making yeah I
don't know what's why that's happening
so we know going into this that
everybody in fact can use NHS hospital
right so and we know that that's a
pretty widely known fact okay I had
people that everybody everybody could do
that and and there's a pretty simple
pretty elegant explanation linking that
to the high popularity of it now if the
claim was that that the programs were
only placed because they had they had
Universal approval then that's based on
an empirical premise that at the very
least I don't think I don't think we
know and I be all I'll say I will at
least say that I'd be very simple if if
in any of these cases right you know it
wasn't that it that these these things
weren't actually pretty controversial so
pointing out would first be implemented
so for example right example so people
keep pointing out like Social Security
and Medicare
these aren't universal programs right
Medicare only applies to old people
Social Security's only with durable and
retirement so people keep pointing to
like
the fact these are worldly popular I can
very easily point out the reason why
they're popular is because old people
draw on them and old people vote like
boom and I can actually empirically
point that out that if you look at the
participation elections so those two
programs don't I can give a much more
concise explanation without having to
draw on any kind of weird
II throw out their explanations and
saying well it's you blah blah blah -
like old people vote these are programs
for old people it makes more sense that
these programs might be more popular
these people first I think I think that
I think the people are generally aware
that they are people are generally aware
that what one thing I might suggest is
do you have any browsers open and close
any browsers you may it could be like
your internet is being shared or
something like that
wait you think it's a both end so you
think that people might be aware of what
uh the universal existence of aging that
people are aware that they will one day
become old so you appeal to that as a
joke I don't know if you're American or
not but when I was growing up and in my
20s there was a very real concern that
Social Security wouldn't be available
for people like me anymore so I actually
completely disagree with that I think of
people across to be worried about Social
Security being in existence only when I
hit retirement if you remember this is
actually something I brought up earlier
that they that it's not a very real
concern it was always nonsense they have
a but but remember what I said earlier
that this you know that this obviously
is a political benefit that people know
that they'll one day get it which is why
there had to be all this disinformation
spread about how oh it's going broke by
the time you're old enough you won't be
able to draw from it but you know that
they're the reason why the right wing
had that strategy was because without
that that would give people such an
obvious reason to support it that they
knew that they would one day become
eligible okay
but I don't think that these are like I
I don't agree that these are universal
right now in the same way that like
health care would be universal like no
there is no guarantee that you draw for
like they're not like they're just
functionally these aren't the same thing
firstly secondly I I don't think that
we've established why your inference
that you don't like in order for you to
establish this with with some kind of
data point you would have to show me
here's a program that had like 52
percent support but after it was
implemented now it was like 85 percent
support that this program was barely
popular but once it's and
and it's universal now it's wildly
popular because what I'm more what I'm
more curious is is if you have a program
that had 80% support and then was
implemented and continues to have 80%
support because in that case then a
program being universal doesn't mean
that it's harder to take away the fact
that it's universal just because it was
already popular so it was never going to
be taken away it had nothing to do about
the universality of it they just had to
do with the fact that it was already a
mostly popular cuz you're I don't think
your inference is any better than mine I
think both stories are I I would argue
that mine has more explanatory power
than yours because about policy works
but I mean well well well hold on I mean
they have a in my case you're not we're
not relying and anything it true lying
on and a trap leading from is the fact
that these programs yes obviously
programs that only kick in at a certain
age or not univer Universal among age
groups the universal in the sense the
universal among people but they have a
but they but all I'm relying on is
people knowing and seeing that they will
prove that they will benefit from it
being universal and this being something
that it makes sense to think would be a
political advantage what you're relying
on is this totally hypothetical claim
that these things were wildly popular
when they were implemented so let's so
as a matter of fact right we're both
Americans but we have a Canadian and
presence you know Lance when now when
the the NDP you know when the NDP or
what became the NDP first started
talking about instituting universal
health insurance how did the
Conservatives feel about it they weren't
stoked kind of what I figured now to
Canadian conservatives currently say
let's about no it's a non-starter
because it's so popular yeah yeah it
would be political suicide okay support
for Canadian universal insurance so like
you're telling so if I were to go so
what you're saying and this could be
true because I look for the state I
could find but it could be true but
you're telling me that I were to go and
I were to look up like Canadian support
for Canadian universal insurance that
the Conservatives would have not
supported it it would have been very low
percentages but now it's supported in
very high percentages as if they thought
it was four
being implemented by what became the NDP
yep so I'll look for those numbers later
since it sounds like a push back against
it back historically yes of course sure
well well now if you if you look up
there colonel
I never say because they know that would
be a political non-starter it's the same
reason our Conservative Party doesn't
talk about abortion even though it's
probably within a lot of the caucus
something that interests them uh-huh
okay I mean I'll look it up but I mean I
know examples of this like flipping
around on the other end to the most one
I'm intimately familiar with is the the
universal education that the United
Kingdom provided and it did provide it
to all citizens and everybody did seem
to support it but then eventually became
too much of a problem because it didn't
work out and then it lost support
alright so I would be very interested in
the detail it didn't work out whether
you know I'm sure there are things you
could point to about about overuse etc
but whether this was actually like a
huge strain on the budget or whether
this is more of reflection of just
shifting ideological winds that you know
conservative a new labor government we
why is it that when you talk about the
Canadian thing now when you talk about
the Canadian thing you use your
inference to say it's universal that's
why I've supported at end of discussion
my inference is good but now when I
point to a county so I was like well
it's more nuanced maybe the ideological
drifting's over time check why couldn't
I say that about your Canadian example
well maybe ideologically Canada drifted
further to the left like because well my
claim is just that it's a political
advantage to be universal that's it end
of claim as far as as far as the the UK
you know that despite having this
political advantage this this was over
this was overturned and although I'd be
interested and you know in for example
whether Corbett's Labor Party currently
wants to bring it back and how that's
polling etc but sure despite this you
know despite this this advantage was
overturned but what I was starting to
point out earlier in the discussion was
I believe I underst
is right you know maybe they're British
people in the chat you know they can
they can corrupt me about this if I'm
wrong about this but my understanding is
that education is much more tracked in
in the UK we might tract when you say
track retract meaning like whether or
not you know you can go to university or
like at best you can go somewhat to your
trade school or something is decided
much earlier on in the education system
depending on like test outcomes earlier
in the process etc that it is in the US
right like in the u.s. in theory you can
be a total fuck-up in high school but
you know you can you know there
community college grades transfer to
four-year school you know and then like
go to grad school or law school or
whatever my understanding again I could
be wrong about this you know but what I
think might be the case about the UK is
that is that what your what your options
are might be I did you know when people
talk about all those test results the
a-levels and the O levels that that
might be decided earlier on which would
be relevant to this discussion because
it speaks to to whether - how much of a
constant there is a you know is this
something that people think is going to
benefit everybody or is this something
that you know that for example a lot of
working-class people you know might
think isn't really going to benefit them
isn't really relevant - and so they
might not get excited about it the same
way they get excited if somebody said
let's abolish the NHS and go back to you
know system where both hospitals were
mostly private okay
I will I will look into this I have to
leave because I'm already like way
overstayed listen thank you for being
real mean I'm glad you weren't nice and
then mean later so I appreciate it a lot
of my conversation with you we will
revisit this in future you last time you
last time you were real nice at the
moment well because you gave me like the
the same lefty answer is a global
socialist revolution to make social
members like
except this totally not what I said what
I said was you were making all kinds of
arguments against the viability of
socialism seem to include as a premise
that we be imagined in the United States
as the only island of socials of a
socialist world I said that that seems
like an extraordinarily unrealistic
premise given you know comparative
ideological facts about the United
States and other countries in the world
and you seem to have decided after the
fact is you were very concessive in the
debate right you know during the debate
you know you could see it in all kinds
of things you said that I'll concede it
is although you totally didn't listen to
about halfway through when you were
saying oh I guess if we did already have
all these social democratic things it
might be reasonable to start pushing you
know for a week that I've never conceded
that that's always been my point so for
instance I like the idea of single-payer
health care but I would never push for
it initially I don't hate the idea of a
socialist economy but I would never push
for it initially we gradually our
incremental II work away towards that's
always been my position I'm not the one
on Twitter every day tweeting with all
my other friends about how we need the
revolution right now that's always been
my positions incremental change uh-huh
neither am i tell me one time in my
[ __ ] life what we did we need oh well
I don't know in that case then we don't
disagree on much so I don't know why you
would disagree with me about anything
the problem I have with socialist is
that when they try to tell me they can
fix hard problems like climate change
with socialism I ask him how they end up
hand-waving all the hard problems so
like for instance like we've had a big
thing I [ __ ] I don't get okay there's no
headway there were several ways at which
just be better was never claimed there
would be a hundred percent we wouldn't
still need a strong state to regulate it
but they're worse at the war I think
several plausible claims that were made
about ways in which the incentives of
cooperatives will be better than the
environmental incentives of traditional
hierarchical firms sure all of these I
disagreed with and I don't feel like
they were adequately rebutted okay well
in any case talk later okay I love you
too I hope that you do a better job of
accurately representing this debate okay
I'll try it oh my god dude this is so
hard I don't know if I'm getting older
and Dumber dude I can't follow
anything he says I'm like I'm actually
like staring into my screen trying so
[ __ ] hard he talks so much and I feel
like he's just so little it's so [ __ ]
hard
I can't holy [ __ ] I don't know if like
I'm just I don't know if it's just like
me like I just can't keep up with it
anymore what
but like Jesus I felt like every answer
like when he was asking me over and over
again like what is your answer to this
and I'm like what is your answer what
he's like well if we D commodify housing
and then we do means-tested and we've
seen in places of the world where
universal programs have more support and
then we make massive public housing
available on a sliding scale destiny
well then what like oh god I don't know
what he gave me and then I try to ask
the serfs like can you tell me what he's
asking he's like well I don't think it's
fair for me to speak for van oh my god
I can't holy [ __ ] okay
Jesus Christ okay I have to go I was
opposed to like [ __ ] twenty thousand
hours ago [ __ ] I think I'm meeting my
donations listen I love y'all very much
Toastmasters Hey Dude what's up thanks
for everybody what you've done here is
you've made me tired okay that's what
you [ __ ] did yeah that's all you did
okay
