I'm like pretty familiar with the sky is
there anything I need to know about the
student before he comes on we're posing
with my new in-laws I can't make this
phone do anything there is no come on no
am I gonna fight with him over this
today is this gonna be what we fight
about anything Apple's right to repair
policies [ __ ] why can't people like
separate the good from the bad
who's gonna literally sit here and tell
you that like the interface of an iPhone
is bad it's gotta be like one of the
least tech literate opinions to ever
have about a [ __ ] product like the
right to repair stuff is horrible but
like their UI is like second to none and
the hardware is really [ __ ] good too
like how are you gonna sit here
oh I can't figure out to use my my
iPhone with a little design for like
[ __ ] grand must-use he is reading a
post yeah sure but he's saying he agrees
with it
a back button I can't figure out how to
write he literally just started this off
saying this guy put it so succinctly I
couldn't agree with it more every time I
hit this mysterious home button some
broad named Siri pops up and will not go
away none of my google apps work anymore
the address book has arranged my last
name not first and the ability to easily
drag and drop files and actually view
directories is Dustin are there people
who would want their or their address
book organized my first name the wind
hello sink and go unreported each year
okay gotcha
so like if I'm looking for like a Sarah
and I've got like six of them and my
phone ID it just seems weird but okay
I'm hoping coming forward will help
someone else in the same boat this is my
story this may seem a little overly
dramatic and silly but he's trying to
make the harbor's okayed some of the
other offered options really I was under
the impression that the 812 consistently
outperforms
the newest Snapdragon processor is that
not true their cameras are comparable to
I think Samsung and pixel phones with
some people saying the pixel 3 has the
best camera I don't know
lavalla should also their screens are
supposed to be really good as well right
i remember for those screens are better
than samsung screens are not a good
point then they decided that they're
gonna come up with their own way of
doing it and what drives me even more
crazy is the fact that nato way of doing
it is something that the other ninety
nine percent of the population finds
simple and i die for the life of me just
can't fake i guess i kind of agree this
is something style dude when I try to
use [ __ ] Molina's phone it is so
[ __ ] confusing I don't know why they
have it set up this way but [ __ ] on
iPhones everything's in [ __ ] Swedish
and I have no [ __ ] idea like why they
would have the phone work that way it's
so [ __ ] weird so I guess I kind of
agree with what he's saying
all right so somebody recently asked me
to do a video oh no I can't policy and
social initiatives it's one of those
things like I'll let him finish but this
is actually true you you if you if you
puncture a lithium-ion battery on a
phone it'll blow up on you it's pretty
freaking weird imagine stabbing a
battery and thinking I wouldn't hurt you
well it's not stabbing a battery
sometimes the way that they're glued to
the boards you could just you could just
pull the battery off in the incorrect
way and it could tear it and cause it to
blow up Apple is very good when it comes
to operating system updates on the
iPhone Android not so much there there
is more to a product Hey here's a
slightly more nuanced opinion five years
later Nystrom and simply yeah we gotta
Bend that battery a little bit more than
I I wanted to but uh yeah well holy [ __ ]
I I mean this guy so much more
experienced than me but like I've seen
this happen yeah we gotta Bend that
battery a little bit I'm pretty sure
that these can break this way that like
this could actually cause like a battery
to blow up am I crazy
well the night I wanted to but uh it was
dangerous Wow tough words to sever Clara
oh yeah
this is really [ __ ] stupid what the
[ __ ]
puncturing a battery doesn't necessarily
cause it to blow up well not explode but
it'll start like shooting out like its
contents and [ __ ] I mean it's not gonna
be like a nuclear explosion but it's
kind of weird to be like crying on it
with a hammer and [ __ ] does he kind of
sound like does he kind of sound and
look like steel a little bit but the
boyfriend always thinks that she's
cheating I thought this video to you why
when he said a word on racism and why
it's a [ __ ] I thought it was gonna
be like racism doesn't exist anymore in
the United States like this is not a
real thing that people do like this is
well I thought the severity can wait
there destiny
did you hear about the blacks Missy wait
a second did shaundra's tweet infinity
war spoilers without putting a spoiler
tag oh [ __ ] hold on
uh-oh you think what do you think my
subreddits gonna like boys do you think
anybody's gonna care Oh No what chair do
you have an is it worth it I have a em
body I don't think it's worth No Herman
Miller embody stupid destiny what do you
want Oh Dan apparently [ __ ] swears by
his life on this chair has anybody more
comfortable or the same as we do x-ray
sure Racer I don't really care just no
no this affects me much it's not really
care much about chance I guess I don't
know but I think I'm pretty unique there
I also slept on the floor for a long
time until the girl I was dating
something if I didn't get a bed she
would leave soon you shouldn't take my
advice on chairs here's the clip for
crying trying to do that what can i
watch it if she's banned watch he banned
for being a Boober streamer dude you get
so much money face holy [ __ ]
what do you want
alright I managed my [ __ ] empire Dan
oh yeah how's that gone it's actually
going well this is like what budget
SimCity or something the budget
civilization um is it budget I don't
know if this is more or less complicated
than that game I'm not sure there is
another one people were suggesting all
the time which was uh
Tropico 6 or something like that there's
another mean where you can do like
communism or capitalism looked
interesting keep that in mind dad would
do Dan
don't start with the I'm closing chat
today by the way you're gonna close chat
today then I'm only gonna be looking at
not safe workplace nothing else so funny
can I get the diaper one again guys so
that I can know the good asked me
yesterday listen today this is gonna be
a professional podcast that can be
proudly hosted on Stevens channel not
like the last one which was a mistake on
my part and I've learned my lesson
dead get stabbed scram there doc
Jesus why DuBose why do all the people
both step so close to him why are they
all waiting to fight one at a time is it
like dishonorable to like go in like
there's team damage so they can't go
from behind what's the game of thrones
to her god bows like so [ __ ] in this
game every time I can't tell if this
guys were really good I just feel really
bad have you guys seen the fokin there's
full Game of Thrones leagues I want to
talk about him for like the next three
episodes does anybody read him Oh
we won't talk about them but oh whoa
yikes oh don't talk about him okay also
I didn't want to say anything cuz it
feels like really weird to like be like
telling another person what to do but I
feel like Lewis brows for the guy he
seems like a really cool dude but oh my
god
he needs so much more help with his
business Oh God he needs so much more
help with his business [ __ ] oh no I feel
so oh god he's like it he's in that mode
where he just he needs to like let go
and he could explode into becoming like
a good business person but like he has
like such an engineer mentality it's so
bad
it's so so so bad he needs to partner
with a guy he needs to partner with
somebody that actually understands
business because [ __ ] oh man he's such
an engineer as painful after the spars
can't talk about what you mean by
engineer mentality yeah people so like
engineers are people that are usually
like really smart and really good at
doing things with a really bad at
business really bad at time management
really mad at understanding like
business concepts often times engineers
like hyper focus to their one specific
field and they don't understand how to
do things like outside of that
especially when it way especially comes
things like related to running a
business why not tell him that on the
call well cuz I want something tell
somebody like what they should do I
don't know it feels really awkward I'm
not here to like give like business
advice my brother-in-law was an engineer
I decided to shift to his own business
as a photographer he's very successful
cool I also quit school and became a
streamer and everybody should do that
okay get ready to make your mark
I'm the flannel fox TIMSS Warnock and I
reviewed fel seal arbiters mark if you
like this video please subscribe follow
me on Twitch I go final fox gamer no I
think five seconds is okay I think three
seconds is like optimal when you get
down to like before an intro to a video
20 seconds is not good whoever does this
guy whoever [ __ ] not that's way way way
too long it took 20 seconds to do the
intro to this video no way okay I'll be
back and then we're gonna do probably
apex legends I guess for a little bit
until I get bored after 3 or 4 games or
something I don't know oh wait my
minecraft server is out I'll do that
I'll figure it out not for you guys I'm
done making Minecraft servers for you
guys because you don't plan I'm so good
[Music]
