very very very very very huge capitalist
I'm very anti-socialist anti-communist
95% of game developers say that they've
crunched or work over time I don't think
that real estate should be an investment
vehicle that you just speculate with
$40,000 for kindergarten a year you get
paid a lot of [ __ ] money for having a
four-year degree in the United States so
way destiny
are you damned what are you you're dead
you probably pay less taxes as income
than my any of my assistants what people
mean by an ear for jazz I think that's
some form of like universal health care
probably a good idea in the United
States so like like if you show me a
free world where people can freely
choose like between different ways to
die versus a world where you have little
freedom but like you're guaranteed to
live like I would opt for the latter
rather than the former there's so many
different [ __ ] answers for why I
think I think that the argument isn't
enough when you attack socialism you
can't just say that it's never worked
like I don't think I use this argument
either like when you try to attack
social lives say oh well it has never
worked or whatever or or it doesn't
exist yet so it can't exist I don't
think that's like the best way to go
about it like I think you can go through
on like a point by point and be like oh
well how would this work or how would
this work whatever and like because
nobody can explain it and because like
it has been attempted and it seems like
the attempts like all laid down at like
a similar Road like I think there's a
difference maybe it's like a really
small one but
but markup inviting all more yeah ideas
actually they actually worked a lot more
in the coming so do you yeah I like I
even say the in early right like I'm a
capitalist I agree I don't think it's a
defensive communism more of a counter to
communism whatever work yeah yeah
because I give in today I don't think I
would say I have to be careful because I
get pushed into like seemingly extremist
positions of knows but like even today I
would never make the argument that
communism or socialism will never work
it's possible that it kind of the future
but like the attempts to do in the past
have obviously failed [ __ ] horrific
Lee and there are huge problems that
like communists would need to overcome
in order for it to be functional right I
had no idea you were a capitalist back
then I thought you were serious of
course no no like usually I just like
the people okay like I usually just like
people to like expand on their thoughts
more or like when I ask questions is
usually because I'm trying to figure out
like well what do you think or why do
you think particularly thing so like for
instance is a really famous bed with
jontron where I asked him like well
what's wrong with communism and people
think it was like Destiny's a communist
he loves company sees it was like well
no I was just really curious at this
time like I brought up like how Nazism
was bad because of because of the
intrinsic beliefs of Nazism that certain
races I superior to other ones and you
brought up communism as a counterpoint
to that well I'm really curious well
what's wrong with communism you're like
what are you talking about when you
bring up communism like I just want to
know but no I'm of my very very very
very very huge capitalist very
anti-socialist anti-communist all of
that like hypothetical utopian [ __ ]
but not just on the fact that like well
it hasn't worked yet but more just
because like even the foundational
theory of it is [ __ ] Garbo and
there's a whole bunch of [ __ ]
problems for the people that call
themselves communist a socialist and the
way that they want to move forward I'm
gonna send you to more or less current
everything I thought that was to true
all right that victory tune well like we
agree on most policies but
philosophically I didn't realize that
his son hide like hides his power level
so much because I because I was cuz I
got like sucked into it like an idiot
just like all the people get sucked into
like the the crypto-fascist memes right
like you show up and people talk about
like how funny it would be like Jews
[ __ ] run the world and [ __ ] in lol
like long noses blah blah blah like yeah
I mean it's kind of funny it's just
memes and then like you know like a few
months into it you're like well [ __ ]
hold on wait like these are all just
memes right like world was like meeh
meeh with each other you know it's just
a funny [ __ ] like the pit bulls stuff is
like oh that's like funny right like
it's just memes but I didn't realize
that people were actually hiding their
power levels and we're on ironically
like tanki's
all right sock dem socialists no not at
all there are the opposite of socialists
I saw and literally saying kill all
landlords bade the streets where their
blood wasn't enough to tip you off well
I thought it was memes right because
that's what they say but I mean that's
what crypto-fascist say - right like oh
so you think it's just as bad we said
killin look well we're just me me it's
like imagine people taking the Mayo site
for real I know it's all me it's I don't
know I was just naive I guess rockstar
activision Bioware there's actually a
term for it it's called crunch and it's
practically mandatory if you want to
work at a major studio 95% of game
developers say that they've crunched or
worked overtime and over 80% of them say
that they weren't paid for the extra
hours a year dan what's up so this isn't
unique to game development you can
probably expand this to the whole art
world how do you deal with an issue like
this we have a bunch of people that
passionately want to work on something
that requires some level of expertise to
do it and so it's not like it's and they
are so passionate about it that they're
willing to be like exploited like a
[ __ ] in order to do it like
because the normal answer would be just
don't do those jobs right that if people
weren't so desperate for these jobs the
companies would have to pay more they
wouldn't be able to exploit the workers
as hard because the workers wouldn't be
so like willing to like throw their
lives away on it but like clearly people
are because they have a passion for it
what is like the solution for something
like this well I mean you know the
dreamer well why the [ __ ] would you
though like if I ran a company you need
like a union you need like employees
looking out for their employees saying
even though you really want to do this
you know we have to stop you from doing
essentially I don't yeah and then the
union would have to peg their pay on
like industry standards or whatever and
set up stuff like that yeah you would
also have to make it a law so that you
couldn't start a company though that
works with like non-union members right
I don't know exactly how the union rules
work but I know that some companies
isn't like joining the union like I
don't wanna say mandatory but like in
some industries I'm pretty sure it is I
think I [ __ ] somebody might run about
a picture I know some places you have to
join the union or else they won't you're
not allowed to be hired or whatever
because people don't want people to like
scabbard every right so destiny that's a
feature not a bug that encourages people
to take more valuable jobs for the
economy yeah so like if we were robots
that like we're working on like
financial inputs and outputs then that
would be
true but the fact is there are a lot of
people that will do [ __ ] that will do
like incredibly difficult work that
requires a great deal of talent for
almost no pay just because they love the
work right so this is the issue that we
run into in the video game world or like
in a lot of the art world for like
musicians or artists or whatever we're
willing to do like work that requires
like a great level of expertise for
almost no pay just because they really
enjoy the work so uh so yeah the thing
that doesn't make sense to me it's like
if you look at other typical tech
companies in San Francisco for instance
there's like insane pressure to try and
hire away from other companies and
you're always offering perks and all
this other [ __ ] and saying hey you can
bring your dog and we have a built-in
chef I don't understand when gaming
companies are making this much money
what it doesn't add up to me that like
oh we're treating our employees like
[ __ ] dog [ __ ] and they can't go
anywhere and like well it's like dude
are the companies actually making that
much money though is like they are if
they're if I mean you'd have to look at
the stocks but well not just the stocks
but like I'm curious like are the
companies actually like is there is the
actually profit margin like that high or
like is a lot of this being sunk back
into like development and everything I
mean I'm sure it depends on which
company but I think as a whole I think
it's massively like I know they make a
lot of money I just don't know if a lot
of that is profit or if they're like a
lot of costs that eat into that as well
well like pull up blizzard I guess or
Activision Blizzard I mean that's a good
example of you know someone that does
like traditional games like RTSs without
maybe a lot of pay to win but they also
have like a [ __ ] hearthstone in there
you know when they have a Call of Duty
and if they're profitable I mean [ __ ]
dude any other company should be blowing
it up but it doesn't make sense to me
like this this scuffed last minute
tonight you're watching right now like
this guy is saying like oh yeah all
gaming companies just treat our
employees like [ __ ] and they can't go
anywhere it's like dude I'm pretty sure
if you're a decent [ __ ] developer why
the [ __ ] would another company not like
come and like do everything they can to
get you to go work there it doesn't make
sense because I can find there are so
many talented people that will work for
nothing in this industry and video games
like though I'm so I'm bullshitting a
little but I'm gonna make a guess that
it's when it comes to developers for
video games you're probably not looking
for [ __ ] Albert Einstein okay to like
reinvent the wheel like a lot of the
stuff is like incremental
updates on older engines that are just
kind of being revamped for like a new
generation and then it's like
implementing assets and [ __ ] like it's
not like like how many games that come
out aren't just kind of like more
iterations on previous games it's not
like we're doing like revolutionary
coding or [ __ ] like episode of like star
citizen or something for a lot of these
games right so you probably don't need
like the most talented dev in the world
you just need people that I don't wanna
see like code monkeys but like you just
need kind of people that can I get
projects done and when they're when it
is an industry full of people that are
willing to work for dirt cheap I don't
know who would fork out a lot of money
like it's a really talented dev like
really gonna bring that much more to the
table than just hiring like people that
are whatever that are like pretty good
yeah that makes sense
actually the when I think about it like
a lot of gaming is probably like art and
maybe there's a oversupply of people who
can do that job as well so it's probably
one of the few things that if you're
able to do that type of design it's
probably one of the few jobs that you
can get to be a career so to speak and
yeah actually the you know like when you
have things like unity out in there now
it is a maybe a different world than it
was like 10 years ago where like you had
to [ __ ] write an engine to if you're
making a video game like now I think
like you can be pretty basic and
actually write a game of these other
like ap ice or something yeah here is
something that I think should be here
are a couple things that I think should
be I thought about this a little bit
more from a conversation with Nico I
don't think that real estate should be
an investment vehicle that you just
speculate with like if you buy real
estate there should be a penalty
attached to not having like renters like
a significant one like such to like
disincentivize the ownership of real
estate with no intent to rent I think
that's a really toxic do you think or do
you not do disagree that well what are
you implying that you are you flying
that to commercial properties
multi-family property single-family
houses I would think and any property at
all if we look at like real estate is
supposed to be built to be occupied
generally right unless we hang like a
park or something right but like real
estates primary function is hopefully is
to like house things so whether it's
businesses or multifamily or
single-family whatever but like it's
somebody like so like let's say for
instance if there's some city where I
can buy a piece of property and just
[ __ ] sit on it and do nothing and
that property appreciates at some like
good value and I'm making money off of
it I don't think that I don't think that
should ever be good I think that type of
behavior should be disincentivize like a
[ __ ] it's really complicated so
let me give you an example I'm gonna use
an apple
or as an example hmm let's say you have
just plain Jane Main Street in some
[ __ ] [ __ ] town hmm and you have the
nicest property on the block and the
rent for that whole building is like 10
grand a month or whatever and your lease
with whoever's in there is coming up and
you have to decide if you want to just
take them out and you're gonna go
elephant hunting meaning you're gonna
try and get an apple or one of these
corporate guys to come in or if you're
gonna renew the lease you think there's
a good shot of doing so you don't renew
the lease um but you know that this is a
one to two year process should you be
penalized and in doing that even though
you're trying to improve your business I
think I think that type of behavior is
okay because your goal is to eventually
find a renter but like if you look at a
lot of the stuff going on in Canada
right now like a lot of the like when
you like a lot of those dollars that are
being brought back to Canada via like
trade deficits with China are literally
Chinese people just buying up a ton of
real estate and just sitting on it
because they don't need to [ __ ] rent
it because like the whole market [ __ ] I
don't know enough but it feels like
we're just on what I read it feels like
the whole market is just people trying
to out speculate [ __ ] each other where
it's like I'm gonna buy a ton of
property I don't give a [ __ ] if I rent
it or not and I know the price are gonna
keep rising cuz other people here are
trying to pry property because they know
that other people try to buy property
because it's gonna cause the prices to
rise and then you've got a whole bunch
of empty houses that nobody's actually
using and they just turns into like
these speculation investment vehicles
for people that are looking for safe
stores of wealth that seems like a
really [ __ ] like an incentive structure
sure uh you know I would say first of
all that it's not the majority in fact
it's the minority if I don't say the
vast minority of people who buy
properties and do not rent them out vast
majority of people who buy properties
even in Toronto which I assume you're
talking about are going to invent the
properties it's probably gonna be less
than ten percent if all right let me
check I'm actually carry so the numbers
are cuz you're right it actually might
maybe it's like one percent of property
which doesn't matter
so I don't I wish I had better
comparisons for like these numbers
around twenty eight percent of houses
currently for sale in Toronto are
completely empty what does that mean
though I don't know if that's bad hold
on well yeah but you would almost expect
that to be the case if you're selling a
property a house you would assume that
they've moved or something yeah of
course yeah so I don't know what the
point of that number is it's obviously
gonna be vacant when you know you buy it
anyway so one hundred percent that's
real quick guys that's twenty-eight
percent of homes on
not 20% of all homes Canada has twice as
many so this is an article from 2017 so
I don't know the numbers are like now
but apparently Canada has twice as many
vacant homes as the US did in like 2006
2007 oh wait a 2008
Canada's home vacancy rate is
approaching I don't know what it is now
but in 2016 it was almost 9% no seemed
really high yeah in the u.s. it's a
little bit below 2.5% in 2016 I just
can't imagine it's 10% that's one out of
every time yeah that sounds insane wait
okay so we're looking for a number
called the vacancy rate what if we can
find Vegas e-rate in Toronto the lowest
of vacancy rates
in Toronto is 1.1 percent
okay well wait well then this is
apartment vacancy rate it's for your
high in the gtas come over and soften
22.3%
oh wait well this makes it sound like
way not that big of a problem I mean and
also this is probably counting [ __ ]
that's for sale as well so it's a little
bit like the with the standard apartment
vacancy rate falling for a second year
to 2.4 percent
whoa wait what the [ __ ] [ __ ] have I been
have I been hoodwinked why do people
complain about like Chinese people
buying up real estate like in Vancouver
and Toronto ah I feel like I've read
this a lot so who cares if they're
renting it that's fine yeah I mean they
do and some don't rent and you know some
of that can make sense like for instance
if they're thinking that they're gonna
sell it in a year and they don't want to
rent her in I mean again this comes down
to rent control as well if I buy well
hypothetically let's say my plan is to
buy a property I don't know if Toronto
has mind control before Vancouver but if
I buy a property in San Francisco it has
rent control I am heavily discouraged
from renting it because if I rent it
that means I if I want to go and sell
that a year well tough [ __ ] I can't have
that tenant I can't just ask them to
leave because because I've sold it at
that point you know there's a lot of
variables to that the only way for that
person to then move in if they buy that
property is if they do it on or move in
in fiction they might well like we
looked this up for California and that
wasn't exactly true you can't just like
when you sell a property to a new person
I don't think the rent control this
disappears all the time I think this is
like a district I do not disagree but
they're like different types of
controls in different areas no no sure
that's why I said San Francisco mm-hmm
California now has a statewide rent
control but it's basically unenforceable
and useless for everyone but large
apartment complexes sure so look up
housing prices in downtown Vancouver
Tron housing prices don't mean anything
to me
just because [ __ ] gets expensive though
this is where I take like a hard break
from love to use just because [ __ ] gets
expensive doesn't mean that that's
necessarily bad you don't deserve to
live in the most expensive places in the
[ __ ] world get the [ __ ] out of here
with that stupid [ __ ] [ __ ] the idea
that every single person should be able
to live in downtown Toronto downtown LA
downtown San Francisco that is
delusional [ __ ] fantasy to me and I
don't give a [ __ ] about it it's such a
stupid [ __ ] complaint you think that
every single really way if we checked
the rental prices in downtown LA or they
can agree with that or you tell me I can
go find apartments in downtown LA for
like 200 bucks a month or yeah okay yeah
so not like I'm pretty sure that place
that Paula that Isis I don't live is
like [ __ ] for considering like escrow
like you have a 60 or 90 day escrow
right so the idea that a house is being
sold is being listed vacant and Pleasant
known as previously living it right
because who's gonna take on an
additional rental expenditure while
they're listing their personal home for
sale you know waiting for a 90-day
escrow right when you are you talking
about the fact that like if you in order
for you to move into another home you
would have had to have had you have to
be carrying two mortgages like that or
like you know you're paying rent while
you're waiting for your while your home
is being listed on the market it's not
even in escrow right it's not in
contract so it just it seems to imply to
me at least that you know that house is
probably never occupied or it hasn't
occupied for a long time right sure so I
don't know there you go there's a
tremendous amount of again like
fear-mongering about this Oh Chinese
people are buying this [ __ ] and they're
keeping it vacant as if that's the
reason that like [ __ ] in it in Toronto
is X well [ __ ] well that's what I heard
so much but now when I look at the Vega
series it doesn't look that way yeah and
like okay if you got rid of that
completely 2% vacancy how does that
affect the price I mean I know it's not
one for one but is that like 2% less in
price or what
I don't know how do you feel about
bulldozing every single single family
unit like in the LA and Greater Toronto
Area and [ __ ] like that
how do you feel about bulldozing the
[ __ ] out of all like single-family homes
a [ __ ] well yeah the problem is you have
voters that are doing that like same
thing goes for downtown San Francisco
like that [ __ ] is so stupid you have so
much of the area so much of San
Francisco if you pull up the zoning map
you'll see that all of it is like the
zone for like 3 floors or less yeah like
when I when I walk around here in
Glendale the average the average
apartment rent in Glendale is is um it's
like twenty-seven hundred a month
average apartment rent Glendale I mean
you could get a house in Glendale and
pay a mortgage for 2,700 - no way what
the houses yeah [ __ ] houses are like 7
or 800k 700k is what like $3,000 for
what it's got to be like 5k at least
right a 4 to 5 K no no I don't think so
I mean I'm my mortgage right now on my
my house was away
9900 my mortgage is 30 is like 30 30 100
a month probably you've a $900,000 house
and you only pay 30 100 a month 700 K
wait okay so you have a mortgage for
about 600 K so that's um it was about
700 my origin a today yeah
okay so 700 K and you only pay 3 km on
3.1 well I should just bring a [ __ ]
Torino in house what the [ __ ] I got the
scales way differently okay so why the
[ __ ] are you ready dig oh well I don't
want to pay closing costs when I
shouldn't eat I do if I can I don't
wanna replace anything fronting yeah
[ __ ] all that [ __ ] what what is like a
good mortgage your interest rate today
like I if my credit score
like 750 what I qualify for 3.5 in
California is you can go to first
Republic Bank and you can get interest
only mortgage on anything in a
metropolitan area you can't get interest
only mortgage so that same three grand
or whatever the appleís is paying a
month right there
can we get that down to like 1500 well
why why so you just never pay principal
ever you know I just want to be forced
to pay back Oh anyway the point that I
was getting at was like the average rent
in Glendale is two thousand so it's two
thousand five hundred seven four dollars
a month that's the average rent for an
apartment here you you know this area
that I'm in right hapless yeah I can
walk across the street and there's like
neighborhoods full of these [ __ ] [ __ ]
tier single-family houses why yeah well
the situation in Southern California is
a lot different than Northern California
there's so much undeveloped empty land
in Southern California you can't compare
it really to San Francisco where you
know you have 49 square miles of land
and there's like serious serious like
land-use issues there like the
inefficiencies in Southern California
are not as severe or like they exist in
they're everywhere but that's just the
nature of Southern California it's a
sprawling metropolitan it doesn't have
it's not like a condensed dense
metropolitan area like San Francisco is
it's sort of just a nature of how
Southern California works like if you
look at it you know you have strip malls
and huge strip malls giant parking lots
right there's like inefficient use of
land everywhere and so it's an indie
that's the answer to all this it's vote
wanting their property to go up because
there's not as much and I don't want
them like like if I'm living in like I
live in Pasadena right single-family
houses everywhere I don't want condos to
go up because it's gonna affect my house
yeah I know that's my homeowners need to
[ __ ] off when it comes to like Zoe well
that's like but that's like that prop 13
[ __ ] like you're I feel like homeowners
are instant this is why when people ask
me about socialism like workers voting
our [ __ ] workers dude [ __ ] that [ __ ]
this [ __ ] needs to be planned by the
goddamn [ __ ] government I don't want
[ __ ] property owners to vote on
whether or not we should pay per [ __ ]
property taxes like prop
or whether or not like more property
should be zoned because these
[ __ ] are always gonna vote
against because they want to make more
[ __ ] money
[ __ ] ordinance we have to pay more
property tax good [ __ ] you like I don't
know dude I feel like this is why I
think like this is why like americans
like viewing homes as like stores of
wealth is so [ __ ] cancerous like I
expect you to act that way but like if
you if your main like wealth vehicle is
your [ __ ] house then of course your
incentivize like a [ __ ] to never
vote for anything that's gonna like
damage the housing prices explain first
of all we're talking about you're
talking about single-family I assume huh
okay single-family I agree owning your
house should not be used as that however
other forms of real estate can okay
that's one openness but it but
investment properties different cuz
you're actually talking about like a
revenue generating [ __ ] that you're like
not living in right it's a different
type of thing yeah our commercial
properties of things you know like the
main argument listen the main argument
that everyone gives against real estate
across the board is like oh well with
stocks or derivatives or everything else
I know the value and I can sell it
tomorrow great is that one thing that
one ability that you can sell your
assets tomorrow if that drives
everything fantastic I'm glad that that
works for you with real estate the
advantages you get over stock are okay
this is women but there's no one here
it's gonna discrete you you're arguing
is nobody but there's a huge difference
bean real estate and buying a big house
you understand that right well no even a
personal ownership of the house can have
massive things of you testing on the
upswing you have a half million dollar
deduction if you buy a single-family
house and it goes up in value tell me
with stocks that I can buy something for
a hundred thousand dollars yeah but the
people that are positioning themselves
to buy those assets aren't in a
financial position where they can
actually absorb the volatility of those
purchases right like this would be the
equivalent of me telling one person
invest their life savings into like a
certain stock okay I could say the same
thing for someone to buy stocks I'm
[ __ ] [ __ ] who goes out there and
spends a hundred thousand dollars I'd
expect him to lose a lot of it but you
would say you would say the exact same
thing for anybody buying a stock if
somebody says like oh I've got a hundred
thousand dollars which stock should I
buy
then you'd say don't buy [ __ ] stocks
invest in broader safer [ __ ] because
you're gonna lose all your [ __ ] money
100% but when it comes to houses hey
I've got you know like $200,000 dude
leverage that [ __ ] 200k basically
like what Apple said trade on March or
take a million [ __ ] dollar houses
like host [ __ ] better hope that asset
doesn't depreciate cuz you're gonna be
ultra [ __ ] you wouldn't you people give
advice for buying houses that they would
never give for an aid training any other
type of like asset it's like yeah that
makes podrace it too like it's really
[ __ ] dumb it's part of the reason why
we had the financial crisis right just
the idea that Oh every person in the US
should own a home the American Dream
extortionary interest rates predatory
lending etc etc like it's all tied to
this vision of how America should work
like I guess it started in the I don't
know one [ __ ] it started I guess it
started in the Frontier Days but like
after World War Two they really
propagated that crazy there's probably
some movement of suburban areas and all
that [ __ ] so I don't know there's
probably some governmental planning
reasoning or I'm not sure what it is I'm
sure it's there for wanting to have more
Americans buy homes I'm sure it has some
like the government like they care
property taxes it's not property taxes
like they the government cares about you
having kids like they want you to have
more you can have kids without having it
like other countries to figure out how
to have kids without every single person
or a [ __ ] home no I know but I'm
saying there's probably some sort of
government cleaning reason that they
want to have I think it's just some
American Exceptionalist [ __ ] yeah I
think it's your home is your castle all
that [ __ ] on over What's Up [ __ ]
would you want to say how are you man so
you can you guys hear me yeah we know
you okay no no I mean just just going on
what you were saying about like people
that trade on margin right so having a
two to one leverage or a position that
you can literally have a stoploss any
second it's very different than having a
ten to one leverage on something that
you when you need to sell there's not
there's not gonna be any buyers in that
and I mean in when I come back there's
always a buyer for a house you might
just have to sell it
can 5% of the [ __ ] wait wait wait
wait that's my point
yeah no I on businesses but yeah no
debate debating ask on a stock on a bond
on whatever right it's very different
than a billion ask on a real estate
doesn't exist yeah you know and and you
know like I just think that like I could
make a massive mad I could give you
spreadsheet and make a mathematical case
why renting is actually more beneficial
than owning a home today that's so
stupid you can say that for some markets
but not all markets and totally depends
where you're going how can you say that
brought I could well I'm not saying it I
would I could literally produce numbers
and I could prove that you know like you
like right today renting is it's
actually more beneficial than owning a
home I think that there are probably
some circumstances where owning the home
can be beneficial but I think for the
for most circumstances I think it would
probably agree wait who doesn't agree I
don't agree I think it probably it I
think some jurisdictions is definitely
better to rent I think a lot depends on
are you gonna be there how long you
gonna be there you're gonna be there for
two years then [ __ ] rent you gonna be
there for 10 years you know you might
want to own at that point what's the
appreciation level in the city gonna be
if I live in a place for 10 years and
I'm paying five grand a month rent and
at the end of that I could have had a
place and had an extra million dollars
versus what if I take that money and put
in the market then I think it's probably
a pretty good thing that I should have
bought a [ __ ] house there if I'm
going to stay well your statement is
based on the naive in the version that
real estate only goes up over time and
that's it
that's the fundamental problem with with
yes and yours is based on the fact of
stocks of my going up yes oh we both
have some downside I'm not saying buy
stocks over real estate I'm saying don't
buy real estate and sell short stocks so
you're saying go long on stocks that
implies no wait no you can't go short no
wait make oh yeah yeah wait 99% of
people aren't capable of doing this this
is like some crazy like day trader
should write know what wait you think
you can lose everything what are you
talking about you walk
like I [ __ ] up and buy a house if I [ __ ]
up at the end of the day I have a house
that's pretty [ __ ] up but I still have
a house as some value you shorty [ __ ]
stocks at the end of that [ __ ] you
nothing what do you need to lose money
can't you boys shorting stocks if you
doing I'm but what's up man what's the
point I mean you gotta lose my but you
gonna lose money by by by by owning a
home right well I think like the general
argument is that like if you have an
idiot and you can either buy a house or
buy stocks it's probably better to buy
the house because there is some
underlying asset there that will
probably maintain most of its value say
for some catastrophic thing whereas if
you're literally gambling on stocks or
options like you could risk losing
weight the downside is much greater I
think yeah I mean if you know if you buy
it but again I'm not I'm not making the
case of hey you should buy equity you
should buy stocks and not buy real
estate you know like I don't wanna I
don't want to do they confuse I'm just
making the case that there is a bubble
in the real estate market there's a
bubble in the stock market so you should
not be buying neither at this point that
that's my argument now don't buy
anything no well when he goes under the
assumption right now that he thinks that
we're coming up to a long term like a
crash like a recession or something so
he says keep your money out of like
market related stuff because if you
propose to you to your fiance and you
wanna buy your ring made of gold okay
but my point to you is that gold as a
store of value it's I mean I don't want
to throw the word Ponzi scheme but I
never there's a recessionary environment
reactionary idiots always going buy gold
so if you're proposing that we're in a
bubble and you know that there's gonna
be some sort of market correction
shouldn't we logically be buying gold no
because you just said that the eighties
buy gold and I'm not a man but he's
doing a rad move right now well I don't
care if people are arrest and all I
shouldn't go and buy gold it doesn't
matter people are gonna play the way
what's a REM move
it's a guy just disregarding the fact
that she's gonna drive this [ __ ] up dude
it's like you know [ __ ] a Democrat
becomes president [ __ ] price of Guns
& Ammo gonna go up dog as people the
stocks the gun companies can go up like
that's reacting to to people doin [ __ ]
you gotta take that into account that's
a real thing stupid people what they did
yeah but I mean that's a very risky
position no it's the least risky thing
like following what stupid people do
well to some extent wait so what Dan is
saying the for the formalized version of
what Dan is saying is that stock prices
incorporate way more than just the
actual value of the underlying asset
they also incorporate what people think
of like what the future price of an
asset is that somebody think it might be
worth so for instance if we're trading
like shares of like an Elon Musk company
there is a lot more going on than just
like the underlying fundamental value of
the asset there's also what people think
it might be worth in ten years which can
be largely speculative right yep I think
I mean you I mean you have to look at
the food chain of stock trading right
the food chain or stock trading is you
have very sophisticated usual investors
by first yeah okay then you have high
net worth individuals buying second and
then you have the stupid idiot on the
each other come by and last so if you're
saying that you should do the thing I
mean I agree with what you're saying to
an extent but like us always I'm just
I'm explaining what Dan is saying I
would never try to trade like this
because I'm just a random Joe Schmo and
I would always be in the third group of
idiots that's getting on way too [ __ ]
late I know that I'm not [ __ ]
delusional don't worry yeah absolutely
and that's why people always whenever
it's my correction people always get
burned because the the last 10% of the
of a market rally its listener he's
saying like you know oh my god my 401k
is not going up and off my neighbor is
going up more so I'm gonna put
everything in equities I see you know
now you got the [ __ ] world financial
ears because you're [ __ ] idiot and I
mean in that's literally the psychology
of markets and I've lived through it so
many times you know like all the booms
and busts it's always I always feel so
bad for people that I know like you know
like like my parents
you know like I just you know they just
get like song I'm into buying stocks at
the wrong time but anyways I mean that
that's a whole different argument but so
then are you are you or what are you in
finance so what do you do know I am a
tech entrepreneur but I have some real
estate so that's what uh you know my my
thing comes from owning an apartment
complex basically the luck you own an
apartment complex like basically and
then just rent it out yeah rentals yes
in San Francisco
he's a slumlord I want to crystallize
this this first up this is a new person
is not a slum it's a very nice
multi-family legal assistant real job he
calls himself an attorney attorneys and
sucks their [ __ ] dick on these
barriers yes sir boss let me get the
flip loop that's really neato have you
ever heard about Niko view herder
tinychat I'm sorry have you ever heard
of a web thing called tinychat no okay
I'm not an intern a guy like you you
guys just I just put that out there I
like I'm not into all the memes and all
that stuff like yet to treat me like
like like an old school because like I'm
a teen you know I don't I don't know I'm
39
that's [ __ ] all dan and you're
getting there here real close to I am
NOT I'm not saying I'm not saying I'm
old I'm just saying that I you know I
don't spend a lot of time on the
Internet so like I'm not familiar with
all the internet lingo and stuff like
that you know like I'm just you know
like ready all that stuff I'm not
familiar with other stuff you know right
I'm 39 years old and honestly I feel the
young like a [ __ ]
so how will you then 35 oh you're a kid
wait how are you I'm 30
yes you definitely you have so much to
learn destiny
every day I do like four years older
than me let's let's slow our roll here I
know I'm just [ __ ] around but listen
if you thirty-five and you own a
multifamily condo in San Francisco then
I have to give you props no but that's
not even what he does why do you
introduce yourself like that dan dan
here has built multi-million dollar tech
companies and sold them all entrepreneur
first I said yeah but you realize it
everybody calls us a [ __ ] tech
entrepreneur like I'm a tech
entrepreneur I've got four employees in
some [ __ ] shitty office in San
Francisco working on my new Facebook
rival I'm a tech entrepreneur like that
like everybody says that you your
background is like a little bit more
present than just saying that okay back
to this real estate thing here Iko my
only thing is the advantages of real
estate if you're willing to work a
little bit those advantages don't exist
in stocks so there's two things you
could say here either gonna be lazy [ __ ]
and put a hundred dollars in the stock
market or a hundred dollars in real
estate but if you're willing to be to
work I think real estates better and the
reasoning for that is the huge
advantages that the government gives you
to make money there so as I mentioned
before like whatever I just did you took
away there's so many there so the first
one is that if you sell that for a game
you if your taxi shakes I I owe more
than you do okay I know that stuff that
is change okay the problem is is my
problem is that if tax exchanges you
have a half million dollars of games
that are untaxed that that you can't
have that with stocks and for the
average person they're not going to have
they're not buying a hundred million
dollars property they're buying
something for 100k or 500k and if they
make a hundred thousand dollars or a
half million dollars that's huge [ __ ]
money what do they know okay how about a
hundred thousand and stocks okay so okay
so watches ready I'm gonna buy Spyder my
DSP why okay
I have fifty grand I'm gonna buy a
hundred gram worth because I just I just
have margin okay that's perfect
beautiful you have equity of fifty
percent okay fine the market goes down
ten percent right now you lose okay
you literally just lost twenty percent
because
50 I only have 40 right in your case you
have a hundred grand you buy hundred for
a million dollars okay it goes down ten
percent now you just got wiped out wait
that's nice you know you don't get wiped
out because the bank doesn't take your
house of property values good you have
no equity you still have equity what are
you talking what do you mean you have
negative you have negative equity you're
still the owner in the house at that
point you're it's not like a stock where
you're getting called and like oh well
[ __ ] you know the value went down we
need to take it back like your payments
are fixed at a certain amount now you
can be under one under water a hundred
percent especially if you're doing 90
percent leverage there but again you're
talking about doing 90 percent leverage
on a house versus 50 percent on stocks
of course if you stop just go down ten
percent versus if you're in your fifty
percent leverage and versus a house
going down 10 percent you're 90 percent
yeah that's a big [ __ ] deal so won't
we use the same thing what about if we
buy a house for half down and a stock
for half down then it doesn't do it both
on do that okay well I mean only rich
people do that well I don't understand
this argument you're you're like saying
things that like they don't equate well
yeah no [ __ ] if you buy a house a
million dollar house with a hundred
grand down if it goes down a hundred
grand and value you don't have any money
but if you did the same thing with Fox
would be the same thing I I don't
understand no I will be very different
why because first of all okay people
don't put 50% that 50% down and when
they buy a house right yeah I mean that
you it just doesn't happen of course you
can but you only I mean most people when
they buy when they buy at least their
first home right they're leveraging
about 50 you know they either put 10 or
15 or 20 percent down max okay that's
assuming you're doing a mortgage in the
first place I was talking yeah of course
well let's just say you have a half
million dollars I mean cuz I don't know
why we're doing this for involving
mortgages when we don't have to if you
have a half no you have to you don't
have to okay 99% of the of the real
supporters united states are actual if I
have financing arms big 99% have my name
thing yes
Guga mean look it up google it I'm
pretty sure I don't have to Google to
know that 99% of home purchases are not
finding I know are financed or are
financed is how what I would find
numbers on these well I prefer Bloomberg
I could see you they think do you think
out of every hundred houses that are
sold 99 of them have them work yes
buyers financed their home purchase of
recent buyers yeah first time buyers
financed of their homes 93 percent but
this doesn't take into account people
who are buying solely for investment
properties right so I don't I don't know
like 88 percent of recent buyers
financed their home purchases this is
for 2018 first-time buyers financed 93
percent
repeat buyers at 84 percent so it's
pretty hot yeah I mean I would imagine
it would be well I mean if you're buying
real estate you should probably finance
why would you try to make money off of a
property therefore you can leverage when
when mortgage rates are preferential or
it depends on what the well but the
interest on mortgages is always gonna be
like lucrative to like leverage like for
instance let's say I have $100,000 if I
get $100,000 property I can rent that
for what maybe $1,000 a month or less
but I could leverage that hundred
thousand dollars get a million dollar
property and rent that [ __ ] for
what five or six or seven K a month like
whatever the [ __ ] interest is gonna
be or maybe like three or four or five K
yeah whatever the interest is gonna be
on that million dollars leveraging in
order to like increase the revenue I
earn from the property is always going
to outpace that interest on a mortgage
it should now but then there's also a
significant downside there because of
that value looses proper to losses value
if the property loses value and I'm
underwater on that mortgage well now
I've leveraged myself and I might get
[ __ ] I might have like a lot of
negative equity in a property yeah
although the negative equity isn't
necessarily a problem if I'm renting the
property I'm generating revenue from it
but I mean hopefully the asset recovery
well yeah it is a problem because if you
have negative equity chances are you
having problems renting it out I mean
you know when you have negative equity
it's like it's just out of control
I mean wait it just because you have
negative equity doesn't actually mean
you can't rent the
pretty right no no no when I could be
renting it at the prevailing rate uux
probably my second language I'm sorry
wait wait wait wait Hasan yeah he is
that excuse before in an argument I'm
just a [ __ ] accent no I know I know
that's fine [ __ ] you a big compliment
I mean I'm that muffin coming a big
compliment yeah now your English is
pretty good but no I understand it's the
second language having a conversation
like this in a second language teams are
gonna be really [ __ ] frustrating but
you you westcoast I'll be really good
I'm telling you [ __ ] awesome over
here [ __ ] East Coast shooters wait where
do you live right now do you look like
in New York or some [ __ ]
I live in Manhattan dude oh yeah [ __ ]
did you did you already say this I think
you did [ __ ] that [ __ ]
yeah yeah buddy but he don't listen to
me but listen to me I was a lot of
people tell me a lot of things again
remembering exactly my hand and honestly
I am dying I am dying like what I'm
dying to sell my place and leave I'm
missing you buy you in the West Coast
because because it's actually a better
quality of life right well you know cost
of living it's substantially better it's
less dense which means I get less
annoyed by people walking around me and
all that you know tourists staring up at
buildings oh I'm trying to walk by to
get to work what do you know I love you
no way I used to live in San Francisco
okay I mean living in Manhattan it's uh
it's it's a it can be pretty challenging
you have a kitchen they go to school
$40,000 for kindergarten a year wait
that's if you sign up double your
something like a private like [ __ ]
ultra magnet kindergarten if that's the
case well yeah it was just a case well
no one gives a [ __ ] about how are you
I'm going to private school of course I
shouldn't be expensive what the [ __ ] no
but but there's no other human hand
there's no there's no real other choice
my friend Wade you are there not like
public kindergarten
no they're not I mean there may be some
you know there may be some but like
there is no public schooling in
Manhattan Oh probably school in
Manhattan but it's not the public
schooling that you want justice oh okay
yeah yeah okay you want the yeah you
want to send your kids okay I mean I'm
just complaining because you know maybe
like maybe in kind of work I firm is a
bad example but maybe in the suburbs
right you could actually get a lot you
know you could you could get private
schools I mean public schools are
actually a lot better then then you know
then sir you know the man hand public
schools are you know not the best yeah
but but in California that's built into
the house price like people people will
if you live two blocks over from a good
from low good public school you're
paying like 25% less for your house
because people build that in like one
city you know you walk you walk like 200
feet and it's 25% cheaper for the for
the exact same house because you know
you can't go to the same school that's
someone you know 100 feet over goes to
so it's already filling for a house
price I mean look I went to public
school my whole life I went to a public
college my education was what was free
okay and and honestly I mean I don't
mean to change the subject but like I
have a big problem and like I think that
the next version of the mortgage crisis
is the student loan crisis I mean it is
that's gonna be just as bad as the
mortgage crisis not work man I don't
know I did the more I used to be like so
against it but the more I look into it I
don't know anymore man I really wonder
[ __ ] that's like the next big area that
I want to do a ton of research on what
do you mean like you get paid a lot of
[ __ ] money for having a four-year
degree in the United States there is a
huge premium attached to getting a
four-year degree in the u.s. something
it's not like liberal arts or something
so like if you have to take out you know
150k or whatever which is I think like
on the higher end that's it we're going
like out of state school and everything
like if you've got to take out that much
money to get a degree but your earnings
have been boosted 20 30 40 50 K a year
as a result like I don't know this is
like a good [ __ ] investment like even
if it takes you 10 years to pay it back
like you took out a loan and you you got
a big education but now you're getting
like sick [ __ ] work on top
of it and now you're getting paid for it
like hardcore like I don't know it I
don't know if I think that's necessarily
a bad thing
wait that's it you actually think that
getting a four-year degree United States
it's actually it's a huge advantage holy
[ __ ] it's like a 20 cave starting
average earnings if you compare the
median wages of Kalla of four year
degree earners versus people with only
high school it's like 58 K to 28k or
something it's a huge 50 a K actually
puts you in you know income based
repayment okay you know what that means
right you qualify for lower repayments
because you're not making enough yet
what that means that you actually get to
pay the minimum because you don't
actually qualify to actually start
paying the actual rate what I'm talking
about is I'm talking about from the
perspective of the banks and the
underwriters office loans the
underwriters I mean you can't discharge
with loans through bankruptcy so it's
not like these loans of default it's
getting huge it's really high anyway
wait their rate of default on on on
student loans
it's I thought it was like up to 30 or I
thought a girl like I thought it grew
substantially recently or maybe what is
it 15 okay that okay now that is that is
a high D for a right there and that does
not include income based repayment
because income based repayment is
actually the worst case well the second
to worst case scenario for the actual
bond holder you know like banks like so
the whole thing about like free
education is it's actually like I think
is a complete mean but I do think that
like the underwriters of student loans
should be the government or government
entities in that private banks because
the prior banks sell it to pension funds
and then pension funds or in order you
know they're gonna get screwed you know
alright so haven't heard of that I don't
think do our student loans really being
like wrapped up into other type of
investment vehicles like mortgages were
is that actually happening right now of
course it's happening way do you think
that do you think that the
think that the long stay in the belly of
the bank of course not hmm I'm not sure
I don't know but I haven't heard of like
I haven't heard of like student loans
being like wrapped up into like other
types of securities and everything Oh
repackage different bundles it's the
exact same thing is all clip like the
whole concept of collateralized debt
obligation right it's just like you
repackage all of these loans into the
different tranches based off of risk
profiles blah blah all that stuff it's
the same thing as what went on with you
know the mortgage crisis it's they do
the exact same thing with all types of
loans auto loans student loans except I
said there is one little tiny thing
right and more you can literally assume
a mortgage kind of good that people can
default on the mortgage and then you are
screwed but the thing is that like like
destiny like you said right if you go
bankrupt you actually can't get rid of
the student loans right so that actually
that actually gives it like a fake
higher credit rating that INRI I mean in
reality I could I could I stopped paying
my student loan it doesn't mean it
doesn't mean that that isn't I go away
but if I stopped pay my student loan is
basically same thing as me having a
default right yeah I mean I defaulted
the [ __ ] out of my loans for like five
years yeah well it paid off already
yeah I called in and I made a deal when
they got sold to collections oh you
actually made it okay I told them that I
got a big inheritance for my uncle and
then I think I had like 25k that I owed
and I told them that if they let me paid
it all off at once I could give them the
money now if they would wipe it all and
I think for $15,000 they let me make
three $5,000 payments and I paid it all
off yeah good I mean 25 cash nothing
well yeah oh yeah compared to some
people yeah it's a lot higher yeah I
mean especially that when you go to law
school I mean like it's just or like med
school hmm
well but like if you go to law school or
med school and you graduate I don't
think there's a problem with having a
lot of don't actually catch as lawyers
where they make you know the median
salary that lawyers me what the median
is the median for a reason it's not like
99 percent of people are making under
those right
people who skew it with no that's all
point of a median it's not an average of
athenian episode when Tina median median
is not yeah that's the whole point of a
median is to not be skewed by like the
outliers right but no I'll be saying
that you know like masks right I mean
med school is insane because you
actually don't make any money for like
eight years after that yeah it's a long
time but then like the what is the
median salary of like a surgeon it's not
like 400 K or some [ __ ] it's 100 187 K
well first of all you chose the highest
payer that's actually good for your
point okay what about general
practitioner median salaries to a second
of all it actually did wildly depends on
the area like if you work you get paid
half of what you get paid Floria for
instance right and believe it or not is
you know and and also you have to figure
and you get a figure like four to five
years of offer of fellowships in
residency but me I said medium power
like two hundred US dollars a year or
two hundred twenty thousand a year
wait when did you just think say that
again like 220 grand a year
what about it for like a fully graduate
for like for like after your fellowship
like the median income of a doctor okay
wait what is the one of us you asked I'm
telling you oh okay yeah oh okay I don't
know if you're Romanian brother point
but sure but I mean like if you become a
doctor I think it's okay to like pay
back like student loans like it was
worth it right your education paid off
right if you have that job at the end
well I mean talked about coaches that
literally are just graduating and and
honestly it's it's not as easy as it
used to be you know like they have you
know like you had twenty five thousand
dollars in loans right some masters
graduate with a quarter of a million
dollars in loans okay that's that's a
lot of money
yeah but they also go on to make a lot
of money these are the highest earners
in our society but eventually yeah
that's the one that's why it's called an
investment ego - okay so it could have a
million dollars right yeah five years of
not paying that 10% interest letting you
know now you're almost 310 wait okay if
you default on it that doesn't change
the fact that it's an investment though
I'm just saying that
yes it's an investment but it actually
makes people less likely to wanna go to
med school because you know like it's
very risky huh yeah i mean i don't i
don't necessarily degree maybe there may
be some of the incentives might be off
and that it discourages some people from
going in that might otherwise go in but
i mean i mean like your page like
doctors are compensated for the risk of
med school right we agree with that like
there is compensation for that risk in
the form of salaries you get paid a [ __ ]
ton of money in the u.s. if you're a
doctor or a lawyer right well I mean
[ __ ] up my money is relatively at me
oh I don't well relative to the cost of
your loan you get paid a [ __ ] ton of
money as a doctor you could yeah you
could you could but being a doctor it's
it's it's a huge time investment like
you know like that I'm not like my mom
my father my brother my grandparents are
all doctors like I'm the black sheep
like my brother just graduated and now
he's finally starting to make some money
right uh-huh and I had to pay off all
his student loans so he will stop having
panic attacks thank you for a ride with
the paper his [ __ ] ideas are you easy
gonna give you a break his brain after
he dies you say you could be a [ __ ]
doctor - what the [ __ ] she's my [ __ ]
brother
oh [ __ ] all that [ __ ] I know I don't
even say I admire you for it [ __ ] all
that [ __ ] but listen are you an only
child no I got like five [ __ ]
brothers and sisters I don't talk to any
of them [ __ ] that [ __ ]
okay well I'm an American on my own
Island okay I live on my own I bet on my
own since I was 16 I don't got that all
that family [ __ ] [ __ ] all that [ __ ]
all that noise nobody paid for any of my
[ __ ] growing up so [ __ ] you didn't
figure the room [ __ ] out alright that's
a great attitude
that's okay listen I know you're said
what are you French or whatever and your
wife is Cuban you said her son right
wait why why would I be French I don't
[ __ ] know does he sound French am I
crazy Dan Oh
Argentina whatever it's I'm Spanish
[ __ ] listen you Hispanic you guys
have all your family [ __ ] okay I've
been with my Cuban family I sell that
family [ __ ] but you know what my
European roots are strong I'm a goddamn
American right I don't do that family
[ __ ]
I live on my own okay there you go
wait how about the other guy say yeah
are you guys actually well nobody's
American doesn't include American I am
American I put that down as my ethnic
background to I say American and when
they say Native American I say [ __ ] no
just American American alright so Wayde
F&E are you damn where are you you did
are you a damn what are you I guess
instead of probably like a you know like
what a progressive is in the United
States yeah I know because it is but
like I'm saying so unfortunately there
are two boxes in this stupid country
Democrat and Republican know right yeah
and then like I'm guessing you a
Democrat right yeah for sure because you
know when they asked me I'm like you
know I [ __ ] you why do I have to choose
between Democrat and Republican that's
like saying you know are you a socialist
or not see like I don't know I'm neither
[ __ ] you right well I mean no you got a
vote oh I don't have to vote because I
don't agree with me I mean I don't agree
with neither yeah but one side is better
than the other so you kind of have to
pick one at the end of the day right um
well I see you live in New York that's a
really matter okay
like you I mean that's for yes it matter
either because even California right
yeah I guess but I mean I stopped to
encourage my people to burn everything
and ideologically I'd rather have
Democrats running everything the
Republicans right now god damn it
[ __ ] Trump I swear to God so do I
have any Republican views any parts of
the Republican yes yes yes I I
definitely I definitely I create people
oh no way comes without without actually
not even a little bit I'm having a so I
definitely I agree with a smaller
government uh-huh like you know like to
me like that's to be his eyes so very
very important and and then I am in
favor of lower taxes for the rich
because I don't like paying taxes okay
well no I mean I'm being very honest I
mean you asked me right now the rest of
the stuff like I just I can't identify
with anything else no okay
but in a visa I was even Republican
Valley's not anymore right
or they're Republican what that like
what I just mentioned are they
republican values or republican values
yeah but not anymore right I mean I mean
like yeah of course there are right yeah
how by you then I mean I'm a Democrat
because my wife actually registered me
to vote and she put that I'm a Democrat
that's why I'm a Democrat because she's
because she's a big Democrat right but
you know in terms of like in terms of
like actually like I just I'm not a
conservative at all like I'm the
opposite conservative I think that
everybody should do whatever the [ __ ]
they want
and nobody is to actually give a [ __ ]
about other people you know like that
just you know if you wanna be gay you
and I get married you know I sound like
marry life is like the best thing in the
world I don't know why when I get
married but if you want to get married
get married slap you know so not to you
and and and definitely you're a Democrat
and then then you are you also Democrat
right yeah but do you have any values
that are Republican the U and if I with
I don't think so
so you want a bigger government I think
I'd like the government kind of where it
is at this point and I know that
Republicans would want it exponentially
smaller so I mean I think I definitely
there's things that I don't agree with
on Democrats but I don't think that that
would make me Republican just because I
there's stuff along those lines and you
and you know Texas no I don't like
paying taxes but like you know what are
what are the alternative I would like to
have like a different taxing strategy I
don't like the tax strategy that it
there is right now I think that it
especially in the financial sector of
stocks I think that it greatly causes
the the government to lose revenue I
think capital gains in general was
[ __ ] and should be removed I think
that the amount of high-frequency
trading is [ __ ]
you know be stopped yeah a lot of that
stuff none of that is Republican the
other day do they sad chooses the sad
truth is that you probably pay less
taxes as a person come them my any of my
assistants that means that like your
effective tax rate
yeah like long-term capital gains and
taking advantage of that stuff it's you
know it's [ __ ] I don't like to Texas
and we have right now
destiny hasn't done the research so he
can't should talk it yet but I'm still
I'm flat tax err I think there's a way
to oh my god
[ __ ] off not wrong you haven't done the
research debate me I haven't done enough
either but yeah I mean Texas is a very
complicated thing because I mean I mean
for instance like the Trump tax cut oh
my god that was the biggest [ __ ]
I've ever seen in my life like why you
should be happy for that aren't you I am
NOT happy for that at all why not
because it was I mean it was it was it
it was it like it was actually a tax
increase for whom for individuals for
which ones are not that were really
roughly people to having made out okay
on that we're not corporations that was
the book corporations if you if you are
a couple that make it may last a year
and you work on a w-2 you got so [ __ ]
by this tax cut it's not even fun well
yeah but if you're all if you're making
a million here and all your income is WT
what the [ __ ] you doing anyway I mean
doctors right I'm [ __ ] money okay
takes 401 K Roth IRAs if I can move that
money around it that's it you know like
like all of your bloopo I mean not even
loopholes have you know a lot of the
advantages you know like furnace I live
in New York right I can no longer like
you know how much money I pay for New
York and city taxes and now I can't
deduct it from my fellow that hey oh
[ __ ] don't even [ __ ] talk to me about
that Rico I live in [ __ ] in LA and I
can to tuck my state taxes against my
[ __ ] feral my dad should [ __ ] at
your taste the [ __ ] out of me I have no
idea why the
yeah you know yeah I know I know but
yeah but the state tax you don't you
don't pay a lot more than me no I know I
don't but like I'm pretty sure my I'm
pretty sure my state tax rate is is it
higher in LA than it is in New York I
don't actually know three and a half and
then it has a one and a half like if you
live in man hand like if you live in New
York City it's a three and a half man
hang has his own [ __ ] tax for
education but the schools are [ __ ] so I
would pay that it had to pay private
schools what's your New York state tax
do you know a New York state tax yeah
it's almost like it's like nine percent
okay cuz I think my California state
taxes on that come out to be about nine
percent I think yeah yeah but then you
have I mean poor this way is almost 17
percent on top of my federal income tax
hmm that's a lot of that yeah when I
moved to Austin on a move to Texas I'm
staying here for like a few more months
to see if it works but yeah [ __ ] me do
that state taxes a problem well for
streaming that's not a problem because a
lot of the streamers are in Austin now
or in Texas huh oh you mean that makes
sense
but like I mean I like LA though ya know
yeah you're right you have to live in
Texas if their families didn't live in
Austin I would never [ __ ] go to
Austin [ __ ] that [ __ ] even if I like to
go out I would never go to [ __ ]
awesome but yeah yeah I mean you get
bands like us the titties right I wasn't
thinking of that but wait hold on when I
want to go to I said wait what are you
talking about
way stops up their boobs John Sirica
Oh Sharon I said you get banned because
of the boobies okay because he's so
excited to go to Texas and the poor do
the Texas his whole life fell apart I
feel so bad for that
what are people mean by an ear for jazz
what like pop music is like ultra hyper
/ manufactured it sound good to the
widest variety of people possible so if
you turn on the radio that's like gonna
be your greatest chance of finding
something that sounds okay to you and
then like moving away from pop music
like stuff becomes gradually less
accessible depending on how far away you
get from it so like there are forms of
electronic music that are easy to listen
to these forms of rock they're easy to
listen to forms of metal the forms of
whatever you know big band and swing
music and kind of jazz music but like
the deeper and deeper and deeper you go
into these like genres of music the more
kind of like prerequisite hearing you
have to do to become a to get the
acquired like ear to appreciate like
something like that deep end so like
first is like the deep like there's a
lot of like really deep jazz stuff you
can go into we're listening to it like a
normal person we're just here as garbage
and this is trip like every genre of
music like for like extreme like for
certain genres of metal like you listen
to it in its garbage where certain
genres of rap even when you talk about
stuff like Death Grips and stuff to
people that haven't listened to a lot of
that kind of stuff excelent garbage or
glitch music or certain terms of
electronic music or any of the 50
trillion different subgenres of
electronic [ __ ] is it necessary to know
such studying music to identify good
stuff I mean if it's what you be my good
I mean like in my opinion good music is
music that you enjoy but I mean good
music could be music that's like may
that's like of a certain level of
complicatedness or that utilizes some
instrument in a special way or the
furthers like I don't know good can mean
a lot of different things you don't need
to study any particular art to enjoy a
particular art sometimes studying art
can give you a greater appreciation for
it or can help you discover more art
that you might enjoy even more or make
you enjoy something that you previously
wouldn't have enjoyed so I mean like I
think that studying art is good like you
can get a deeper version right but yeah
you don't need to to enjoy it you also
don't necessarily need to understand
like the underlying mechanisms of
something in order to critique it or
enjoy it as well it's like for instance
like you could be like a good music
critic I think without having to like no
music theory or like know how to do
composition like I think Fantana did a
video once because I think people were
asking him that when you say you're a
libertarian what exactly do we mean by
that
I find myself more socially liberal more
financially conservative I subscribe to
capitalism and free market but I also
believe that people should be allowed to
pursue their own happiness as long as
they're not hurting anybody else ok so
let's go let's think of let's do policy
positions so we look at something like
health care you think that some funds
like universal health care it probably
be a good idea in the United States to
what extent like I'm talking full on all
health care free across the board or do
you think some kind of mercy care for
those with the lowest financial levels
that can't afford it yeah basic health
care so I think like maybe expanding
Medicaid so you'd have some kind of
public option that like everybody in the
United States is capable of buying into
provided by the government some similar
to like other European countries that
use multi payer systems would they be
allowed to choose whether or not they
subscribe to this or does that mean
everybody on board now has to pay their
taxes into that I mean I would imagine
that if you wanted to get supplemental
private insurance you'd be able to but
there would definitely be some tax
increase associated with making the
Medicare fraud work I mean like
obviously you want everyone to be
healthy but is that even financially
doable I mean it seems like every other
country in the West is kind of figured
this I don't know
have they I mean there's issues there's
a lot of issues with like waiting lists
and if the government is has to pay for
everyone's health care then they might
be more likely to create regulation on
your lifestyle like they don't hey if
you're overweight or smoke that means
you have more health concerns and we
don't want to pay for that so we're
gonna ban smoking we're gonna ban these
kinds of foods because you know I think
it's kind of like leads in that
direction the more the more the
government takes care of you the more
rules they have to kind of exact upon
your like your personal life I mean
there's a lot there so firstly that
already kind of happens in the private
markets so for instance if you're obese
or if you smoke you already have to pay
a penalty for that right so this is
already something that is priced into
private markets right yeah that's a fair
point you're gonna cost more
and then I would argue that like there
are waiting list problems in other
countries for sure but those problems
are nowhere near as big as the problems
that we have in our healthcare industry
like the fact that like so many millions
of people are either uninsured or
dramatically underinsured or the people
have like difficulty meeting large
medical expenses we're have to make
medical decisions based on the amount of
like financial availability which is
like pretty crazy yeah do you think
though the more government pays into it
the just overall cost of healthcare is
going to go up same way the more that
the government subsidizes education the
cost of education goes up so it seems
like there are things that we can do for
for health care in the United States
costs like the two big things about for
cost reduction is that one the federal
government should probably have some
ability to schedule drug prices like
what happens in other European countries
so like just saying like hey this drug
where this particular treatment will
cost this particular dollar amount
that's one thing and the second thing is
that having like a single payment option
or like a public option that a lot of
people use would hopefully dramatically
reduce the overhead of a lot of like
insurance consumption it's like for
instance when I go to the hospital
there's a huge bureaucratic
establishment in place for like
processing insurance claims and then
hopefully there would be some cost saved
and getting rid of that infrastructure I
say so just kind of like an overall we
don't need these employees anymore so we
don't have to pay for it I mean like I
obviously I'm not as educated in a lot
of these matters it's more of like the
principle of obviously I don't really
like the idea of very high taxes and
less choice personal like freedoms but
when you say like you don't like the
idea of like of like high taxes I guess
the question would be like why I like
what do you value like what's important
to you
uh personal choice freedom to what I
want I want to be able to like I'm money
motivated I want to be able to come up
with ideas to make my living and not
worry like oh I have to pay 50% of this
in taxes so somebody else can just you
know not do anything
be comfortable without putting anything
into the system you know those [ __ ]
sorting out horror stories but you hear
once in a while the stories of like
women who will have babies and live off
of welfare and do it like almost like
it's a job like I'm gonna see how much
money I can milk out of the system as
many kids as I can have so I can get a
paycheck off of it I don't like the
encourage women don't make money off
welfare yeah yeah I mean like in general
it probably doesn't happen that much I
mean I'm sure it happens every now and
then but I mean I'm sure it's like a
state-to-state thing in like California
you're obviously gonna make a lot more
money off of welfare than Arizona where
I'm from maybe I guess the reason why I
bring up like well like what's the like
what is like the values because like
sometimes I hear like people like Oh
like I value freedom and all that but it
seems like I don't I don't know if those
things are like are actually or at least
for me like I don't really value like
freedom like I look it as like a means
to an end
so like like if you show me a free world
where people can freely choose like
between different ways to die versus a
world where you have little freedom but
like you're guaranteed to live like I
would opt for the latter rather than the
former so like if you have some world
where I'm free to choose from 50 million
things but I either don't have the
ability to get like what I really need
or like my outcomes are severely reduced
because all of my choices are [ __ ] I
think I'd rather be in the world with
less choice that like takes care of me
better do you think that right now in
America the more choice is that bleak
that we don't have choice between
happiness that it's really just ways to
die or do you see that as more of like a
impending outcome if we continue down
the path like I just Sophia yeah for
certain for certain things in the United
States I would say so so like for right
now like I think that our health care is
like unacceptably horrible compared to
the rest of the world okay like it's a
little embarrassing for me to go to
other countries like me and my buddy
we're in a suite in a while ago and for
her to get an STD test and checked up
and everything cost her absolutely
nothing and then when I came to the US
it's like $150 and then if I have to get
drugs anything it's like 200 more
depending on what like that's kind of
embarrassing or like I went to the
hospital a while ago to get like a
biopsy to check like a molar whatever
and like the doctor literally asked me
he's like I'd recommend getting this
check but if you don't have the money
for it you know like maybe there's an
option six months down the road so like
getting whether or not I want to see if
I have cancer
down to like how much money I have like
this is like a question like I can do it
because I'm wealthy as [ __ ] it doesn't
matter but like for a poor person like
they literally have to make
life-and-death decisions like on a table
based on like how much money they make I
think that's pretty sad
for our countries where riches are
something that should ever happen at the
same time though people in Sweden are
paying what what's the tax rate over
there I know my friend and France he is
at the poorest income level he still
pays like forty five percent in taxes
every single month so that 200 that it
would have cost him to get a biopsy he's
already paid that in full every month
yeah but the difference is that the
poorest people over there have a lot
more basic services covered than what
exists in the US like nobody in France
is going bankrupt because of like a
medical payment or is in the United
States if you run into something like
that like you're just anecdotally I I
don't even have insurance I always pay
out of pocket I don't get but I don't
get sick that often so I'm willing to
not pay insurance and then pay a bigger
amount upfront or see if I can't
negotiate I had a I slipped a disc a
couple years back so I just reached out
on Facebook and someone referred me to
his friend who was a chiropractor and
back surgeon he literally fixed me for
free over the weekend he just popped my
back gave me some b12 shot and an icy
hot thing and was like hey here do this
then the other and you're fine wait when
you say slipped a disc what are you
talking about um you know I was doing
squats at the gym and my back just went
crack and I was basically paralyzed for
a couple days I couldn't move it didn't
bulge but like one of my disks went you
know you know when your back kind of
locks up you can't bend forward backward
okay
it wasn't obviously didn't need surgery
but I still needed to see a specialist I
had to get x-rays taken and I had to be
kind of adjusted back into place and how
much of the x-rays cost it didn't cost
me anything
wait why not because my friend had a
friend who was a chiropractor had a
clinic he just opened up his clinic on
the weekend when it was normally closed
and just saw me and just did it for free
because he was he owed he's like I owe
him a favor so you're just a care of it
okay so there are two huge things that
are going on here I have a problem okay
the first thing is what you're
describing to me sounds like the the
Soviet Union which is where
the only way that you could get like
good medical treatment is if you knew a
guy basically or if you wanted to pay
more for it like they had like a pretty
shitty two-tiered medical system when
they were trying to pry myself got
everyone that's so that it kind of
sounds like that and then the second
thing is like do you think it's
reasonable that everybody will have like
a friend of a friend that can get them
into like a medical clinic for free
x-rays like x-rays are pretty expensive
to get with no insurance right that's in
that that I don't know I don't I feel
like um you know everyone has a
community a circle they know someone who
knows somebody to some extent but I
don't think it's I think that we can
both save probably I mean when I was
poor growing up I didn't know anybody
that could get me free x-rays I don't
know how common that is right that could
have just been pure luck just knowing
somebody yeah but like if you wouldn't
have known that person like how [ __ ]
would you have been like um I would have
probably just paid the cost of the
x-rays do you think that like for
somebody that couldn't absorb that cost
so they might be like dramatically
[ __ ] yet now let's talk about the cost
of x-rays why it's like I don't really
know why our x-ray is so expensive
there's so many different [ __ ]
answers for why should is expensive in
the United States and I'm not a
specialist on health care so it's hard
for me to give you like a not being
honest I gave you one one excuse that I
hear cited quite often for the high cost
of medical like stuff in the United
States so whether that's drugs or tests
or seeing a doctor is because insurance
kind of inflates the [ __ ] out of a lot
of the prices so like insurances create
like this weird I think it's called a
moral hazard where like you you'll
consume a lot of medical services
without thinking about it and you don't
do any price shopping related to it
so like basically the you go to a
hospital you never really ask the cost
of an x-ray because your insurance is
gonna take over - anyway etc etc and
then like things just the prices of like
everything get like really [ __ ]
inflated as a result of that right would
you say private insurance is to blame
just as much as government-issued health
insurance or yeah all difference well
the difference is that like I think the
government with the government we can
actually get we can set prices
so like cap it say hey you can't charge
as much yeah I think like that sound was
like in for instance like the NHS with
the United Kingdom like they're allowed
to set prices things like hey we're
gonna pay this much for this thing
period whereas like in the United States
we've actually specifically disbarred
I think Medicare and Medicaid from being
able to negotiate prices on drugs I
don't know why we've done well they were
probably going to do it but like and I
know I know that there's a huge issue
like MRIs are extremely expensive
because for some reason that if
technology is patented to a point where
they have a complete monopoly on that my
machine so they just charge everyone
well I don't think MRI machines are all
kinda right like and it seems like other
I think like other other countries seem
like they can give x-rays without having
like people it's really frustrated I got
this because I feel like every other
country has this figured out like I
don't know why in the United States like
we can't just do this and like a
socialized medicine kind of way like I
just like I'm a big capitalist and I
love free markets but it seems like this
is just something that markets just
don't have good solutions for I mean
like and it seems like it seems weird to
like stress over it so much like it
figure out a possible solution when like
every other country in the world like
every other OECD country seems to have
these solutions like have this figured
out like health care isn't a big problem
for these people the health care health
care costs it doesn't seem to be a big
problem what is the quality like though
how are than our America is the American
doctors not as good as overseas where's
the best place to get health care um
best health care outcomes in the world
overall ranked the United Kingdom also
the NHS that I said it earlier is ranked
one Switzerland is ranked to Sweden is
three four is Australia five is and this
is outcome correct like success and I
don't know if this is just outcome my
guessing is that this is probably an
index and my guess is that the reason
why the United States has probably rated
so poorly is because we have such poor
access to care that's gonna be my guest
but I don't know 100% o the u.s. ranked
last on performance overall and ranked
last or near last on the access
administrative efficiency equity and
health care outcomes domains I do know
that if you look up particular US health
care outcomes though they're not really
that great and some of them are pretty
sad too like I try like our infant
mortality is like pretty high like
embarrassing like really weird things
our lifespan is also not that great like
yeah we don't really if we did like
really well then like maybe I'd be a
little bit more charitable to the u.s.
system but we don't I also pay more like
as like our expenditure per capita is
insane like per capita we're paying
eight thousand five hundred dollars
versus like the rank one system the UK
they pay three thousand four hundred
dollars okay yeah so like we pay more
than any other country for our health
care as a percentage of spending per GDP
and we don't have like any good outcomes
for it seems insane when you say we pay
you mean us as individuals paying or our
taxation our overall payment of the
country like how much money is going
towards that industry so a combination
of taxes and personal okay okay do you
think that the fact that the UK might be
like it has much smaller population than
us has anything to do with that because
I know a lot of people try to compare us
to like say Denmark and a lot of issues
but I think it's a false comparison
seeing as Denmark is very modest and it
has a much smaller population it's hard
to make those comparisons I mean I don't
think UK is that much smaller than ours
like I think our population is around
330 million and they're like 66 million
like it's a pretty big country
I don't see why like we wouldn't be able
to scale healthcare in a similar way
that
they have like it seems like we should
be able to work it
yeah healthcare is not my forte
sure absolutely I don't know I would I
want that like I obviously want people
to be taken care of but I also don't
want people forced into pay I don't I
understand that wait why not though why
not yeah I just so like here's a problem
right now okay so are you familiar with
the with the Affordable Care Act mandate
the Obamacare mandate that made it so we
had to pay or we pay a penalty yes I'm
aware that so I'm a relatively healthy
person I don't have any medical problems
and I don't have any [ __ ] ugly shreds
and I'm never gonna buy all the chairs
cuz I don't give a [ __ ] I'm not I'm not
gonna I don't think I need it right but
the problem is is that for the people
that do need it when people like me
aren't involved in these health care
pools those people end up getting [ __ ]
you need healthy people like me inside
of those health pools in order to lower
the overall cost everybody inside of it
right yeah and now without that mandate
well I'm no longer paying in so those
people all kind of get [ __ ] and then I
just scoot by and I'm fine but it seems
like kind of a little bit [ __ ] that like
so like I wasn't born with diabetes I
don't have like ALS or Parkinson's or
any crazy [ __ ] like I'm fine and now all
those other people just kind of get
[ __ ] because they're not lucky and
then I get to sit on all my money and
fly around the world and do whatever and
I don't know it just seems like a little
bit [ __ ] in terms of outcomes now
yeah but I mean so this man it's kind of
interesting because like I am told you
know when they when I do my taxes and
they ask if I have insurance I say no
and I say why and I say cuz I don't want
I don't want it they say okay we waived
your fee so I don't even get a penalty
wait oh I mean I think the pet of the
penalty thing has two scales with income
I don't know it's so like that's the
thing about this whole like Obamacare
thing it's so like hard to understand
it's not very clear it's just like huh
well I don't know why I'm pretty sure
like the penalty well yeah there might
have been a grace period and then I'm
also sure the penalties scales with
income because I think it's too
percent of your income and well he was
anywhere by Trump for this tax here I
believe there's no penalty but I'm
pretty sure there was one for last tax
here well that's there cuz my chats
saying there's no penalty there's no
penalty I don't know whose the penalty
was removed I think two years ago but I
think it applied for the 2018 tax here
but for this 2019 tax year there won't
be a penalty okay so they've just
completely although since we live in
California California's reinstating a
penalty of their own so with the idea
that space but also that this interest
is gonna suddenly drop off because it
means that we're not going to
necessarily do to the next 20 years
