hello hello oh no man hey how's it going
buddy
so far so good they treating you okay
yeah I'm doing okay um and if you uh if
you want a reliable laughs you got to
check out one of our long lost or
long-forgotten I check out Macho Man
Randy Savage cream of the crop on
YouTube okay everything fails catchy you
want you want words to live by
you got to go with nothin means nothin
means it's okay well it's not like one
of his skitzer yeah it's it's one of his
most well known promos it's everything
that we love and make fun of about Pro
Wrestling is there absolutely gotcha
okay well hey you want it too we're
talking about capitalism right yeah so
as far as that goes
guess the easiest place to start is you
know where are we and how did we get
here and obviously much has been made
you know more recently about the plight
of white families you know in the
Midwest and other rural areas around the
country and for good reason a lot of the
they sing you know are air-conditioned
it is to be pitied in a number of ways I
think the difficulty a lot of people are
having though is with the subsequent
analysis and response to the condition
wait hold on I'm sorry this is gonna
sound really dumb
wait are you black or white if you have
to guess what would you say I 100 black
I I assumed you were black I just
because of the voice most definitely
right okay I got you I thought you just
said white families and then I heard the
word are so I wasn't sure
not okay yeah there we are we're
together in this
I mean okay yeah okay I'm just making
sure I was misunderstanding it would say
something really stupid just that's the
simple truth I mean not a part but the
problem though is when you listen to the
response you know from people who would
call themselves conservatives or you
know even you know some liberals is the
fact that you know we ran this
experiment already the democracy
experiment or something different
no the economics experiment so the
question is what happens to a population
when they see economic prosperity as a
possibility and then ultimately they
watch it evaporate fade and die that's
that's the that's the question and so
when you see you know luminaries like
tucker carlson you know looking at
what's happening to these people and
they suddenly put their thinking caps on
and they say hmm you know maybe just
maybe the economics play an important
factor in and beliefs remaining strong
and in communities remaining strong and
together maybe that's the case the
problem with that is we already knew I
mean if so when I say we rent we've ran
we ran that particular experiment for
120 years what I'm talking about is the
period after emancipation through
roughly 1980 and 1990 about 1980 1985 Oh
after the emancipation you know the the
freed slaves were thrust out into the
world and told if you're gonna make it
you're gonna have to make it on your own
and what they were able to accomplish in
that period up through about the 1930s
or so was was really astonishing you had
people who were largely illiterate and
completely ignorant - you know what was
before them you saw them you know
succeed in ways that you just you
wouldn't have assumed they could have
succeeded and so up till about up to
about that point you saw you know Jim
Crow also enacted and even in the face
of that in many ways you saw black
families still succeed to annex to an
extent but in the years after that when
you start going through
the period at the end of the 40s through
the 50s 60s 70s and 80s you start to see
you know some really detrimental
policies enacted I don't need to go
through them I'm sure we all know what
they are and then Willie and I can't
what do you mean by that real quick Oh
me Jim Crow is obvious and then you have
things that are not so obvious so a lot
of people are familiar with the New Deal
FDR a progressive luminary if you know
if we're to take what we're given you
know as gospel well the New Deal by
design froze out a number of black
people from those economic benefits that
they're that were given to us to others
I mean that's that's not that's not
necessarily controversial serious I
think it's well documented yeah okay the
only reason I ask is because some of the
and I'm not saying your this we're just
107 clear some of the white nationalists
that I argue with will say things like
welfare is actually like a policy that
has put black people behind because it
incentivizes stupid black people to have
a lot of kids and that's why there are
so many single householder I was just
making sure you weren't going down that
route
sure that's that's understandable just
make sure I take your point so I think
at this point though we ought to pause
and and I think we ought to go to a what
I'm assuming is a familiar place do you
watch Breaking Bad by chance um I have
seen it before yeah okay there's an
excellent scene between Hector Salamanca
and Walter White and Walter is
complaining about the fact that you know
he's had to make these choices and after
asked him you know why did you make
these choices why did you make these
mistakes and Walter says well I did it
for my family
and Walter asked him a question that I
think really cuts to the heart of a lot
of the issues that we see you know kind
of across the board so Walter excuse me
hectored he asked him well what does a
man do Walter a man provides mm-hmm and
I think if you if you were to cut open
the American ethos at the heart of it
you would see that that phrase is really
you know that's the whole show you know
men
by and large they they they way whether
or not they succeed and failed by
whether or not they can provide for
their families sure and so in in black
families in and then really I mean this
is probably true for a lot of families
who operated this way I'm not only in
the past but now you know once those
economic opportunities evaporated and
once they were no longer able to provide
for their families but what would you
what would you assume happened in that
situation they they'd never articulate
it publicly but they no longer see
themselves as viable men and so you know
all kinds of pathology start to develop
in that situation you know they start to
become self-destructive they become
abusive to their maids to their children
etc etc and ultimately they abandon the
family in many cases and you know you
have all the repercussions that come
with that okay so you fast-forward to
what we're seeing in many you know white
families that are that are in the
similar position and you see the exact
same thing you see a lot of men who are
no longer able to support their families
and so they don't really see themselves
as valuable contributors in general but
what are the effects well I mean we we
see in in many parts of the country and
many of them these same impoverished
areas where in men are killing
themselves their rates we've never seen
before
responds you know women who you know who
live in in these areas that mean they
may be sympathetic but they are foolish
you can't marry someone who you know is
not in a position to help with family
responsibilities so they don't marry
these men and so you see higher and
higher rates of you know children being
born out of wedlock etc etc so while
it's understandable that you know people
of the conservative Stryper are now you
know deeply interested in these kinds of
problems it's it's difficult to take
them at face value when we could have
had a viable solution to this problem
had we taken more seriously the issues
we saw and not only the black community
but in other communities for many
decades and the response to that problem
I guess the two primary response
as to that problem previously and from
two camps
both reprehensible but not equally
reprehensible so the I guess the the
quintessential conservative response was
to peer over into the into these
families and say well okay your culture
is up that's that's where these
problems come from never never once
stopping to ask where does the culture
come from right yeah yeah these simple
you know if you were halfway curious
about you know finding a solution or
understanding the problem oh wow why no
I don't know if you heard it but I had a
conversation with a guy that his
argument was at black people's problems
were like 20 percent like other people
and then like 80 percent culture or some
 and like I asked I'm like well
what's bad about black culture is like
well in rap music for instance they
don't trust the police a lot and I'm
like okay well why don't black people
trust the police like hey you know and
it basically all of it went back to
like that and I was kind of stupid right
yeah and and so you know now finally
that the problem is spreading such that
you can't ignore it suddenly we get
curious and we start asking why so you
know better late than never I guess you
could say you know but I think at this
late date you're not really gonna find
many viable answers that you know will
work at scale I think that's that's the
that's the toughest part to deal with
but I mean it's as far as and I hate
using the word capitalism and other
labels like that because I think they're
largely useless I think the the the best
thing you can do when you're trying to
evaluate you know how to move forward is
to just simply look at what actually has
happened you know describe it as
thoroughly as you can and then take the
lessons from it and you take the lessons
that are valuable and move forward so I
mean I'm of all the definitions I'm
aware of
I don't think what we have and what
we've had so far in this country can be
defined as quote unquote capitalist I
mean the the United States government ie
the taxpayer has been at the forefront
of
funding you know must much of the heavy
lifting when it comes to innovation in
this country oh that's not to say that
markets aren't important I think markets
are important in they're worth
preserving but what we really had as a
symbiotic relationship between
government on the one hand you know
seeking to you know work through
different problems and then once the
research is done paid for by taxpayers
people who are you know smart and who
know how to operate businesses properly
see opportunity and they repackage these
solutions for a mass market I don't
think anybody would call that capitalism
yeah I understand what you're saying I
don't think it's necessarily bad I guess
when I think of capitalism I just think
of like I guess like markets working the
way that they do but obviously there's a
lot of publicly funded stuff like there
is no like true perfect like libertarian
like ideal thing where everything is
like privately done I mean there has to
be some level of government intervention
so I mean like I mean I would consider
it like a form of capitalism yeah I mean
I guess it in the end it becomes a kind
of shorthand and you know when you think
about these systems in the X in the
abstract it's only people who are fans
of that sport I think really care I mean
you want me to look at how people live
their lives and you know how they plan
for the future they they try as hard as
they can to deal with what's coming at
them tomorrow that then the next day
afterwards and so I think because I
think the difficulty that you can see
that you have to work through is
obviously at some point and then
not-too-distant large number of people
are going to be in a situation where
they don't they won't have very much
value to offer the market yeah which is
kind of what we're worried about and why
we talk about like you bi and stuff so
much right yeah yeah so since that's the
case then you arrive at another question
and the question is what is the story
that you can tell
so that you can justify this idea of
universal basic income because the it
has to be something I think deeper than
well people you know can't work so we
gotta give them money I think that kind
of superficial answer is only gonna get
you so far
and I think you just have to go a lot I
think you have to go a lot farther
further than that and I think being
honest about the nature of innovation in
this country and being honest about how
much taxpayers have invested in you know
much of the tech and a medical
advancement that we've seen is probably
a good place to start because in any you
know fair or a rational situation when
you invest in something you expect some
kind of return all right so I think
that's probably the better place to
start as opposed to well you know people
can't feed them well I think you have to
be you cut off you said people can't
feed them and then you got cut off oh
yeah I think you have to be a little bit
more sophisticated than people can't
feed themselves so they'll die so we
have to give them money you need more
than yeah worth it more like a ubi is
something that like the American public
has earned the patient's where they
learn yeah sure okay yeah yeah because
we as a country I mean we've been
groomed you know to to really try to say
this as diplomatically as possible
always are important to us or for better
or for worse so if you if you're going
because ubi and that concept is gonna be
more and more important so the more that
you can capture people at the Harpe
heart and mind or really the heart level
the better off you you'll be with
respect to capturing the mind I think
that idea is something that people can
you know I would believe wrap wrap their
arms around and accept as opposed to
well because the the other lay and kind
of sounds like a chore well you know we
gotta we gotta help out the the poor
folks or else you know they won't be
able to do for themselves I mean that's
yeah there's a lot more
dehumanising - i think yeah i mean
nobody wants to be seen that way I mean
it's just it's it it kind of the basis
everybody that that argument I think the
basis everybody it touches so you got to
go the other way but the problem though
is the these I they're not really ideas
I mean this is what you're really
talking about are just simple facts of
history
they're not even though they're very
easy to to learn about they're not gonna
virtually known so there's some hurdles
you have to get over as far as that's
concerned but like I was saying before I
think that's that's that's the best
that's the what this you have to start
I'll gotcha
it's basically teaching people that
thing or yeah I mean I think as far as
economic history with respect to the
United States is concerned that's that's
the whole show and it's interesting that
it's not something that is discussed all
that much and the problem that you have
is that you have these neat little
buckets that we discuss things within
and so when you talk about economics you
get pushed into a capitalism versus
socialism or communism conversation and
those conversations are usually a waste
of time and they don't really get to the
heart of you know the problems that
we're facing so that's why I was saying
before I outside of academic
conversations I think it's a waste of
time to talk about these kinds of things
in the abstract just let's talk about
what's actually happened and then try
and move forward sure I'm not curious
about something I don't mean to yeah to
divert the conversation too far but the
other day after I finished up with some
work I was watching some of your older
debates and I've got a I got to put the
question to you that Jesus puts a John
the Baptizer
oh yeah what was it you were expecting
to see when you were out in the
wilderness you are you are way way out
there on the
out past the reservation had in a while
talking to you know some of the craziest
people I've ever heard in my life what
were you trying to do what was it for
two or three years ago when I got into
it I think I have just by virtue of kind
of like what I've done in the past I
feel like I have like a pretty good head
for understanding like how do I put
together a good argument I think that
I'm pretty well equipped equipped to do
that and I think I have a penchant for
like explaining things to people and so
these two things kind of like naturally
drew me to this area and I noticed that
when it came to online political
conversations a lot of the conversations
seem to be very worthless the arguments
tended to be very bad the understanding
of what was being talked about was very
poor so I guess I just kind of had this
idea that I would become like a little
bit more involved and that it would kind
of like you know people would be having
like I guess like my my goal would be
people would be having like better
arguments right that I would get
involved with like hey like this
argument sucks for this reason like
let's talk about this thing and that was
kind of my hope I guess initially but
now I guess it's more just a I kind of
just like to demonstrate how
ill-equipped a lot of people are to have
certain arguments and then hopefully
people can kind of like pick up on that
and it kind of influences whether or not
people take what they say seriously yeah
you have my respect man that's that's
not something I would ever consider
putting myself through a home yeah I
mean like you say that you say that in
it and it sounds like like on one hand
like I could present myself like very
admirably like I think that these types
of conversations are worth having and
even if I have to suffer through a lot
of like mental excruciation like I think
it's worthwhile that it produces like a
positive blah blah blah but that's all
 the reality of it is is
actually I really enjoy it it's just
really fun for me I love people
screaming at me and shouting me I like
it when people call me a pedophile
because they're out of arguments and
they were really frustrated and they
have nothing else to say
I like having five people in a call when
none of them can can say anything of
like merit to me like that's all like
incredibly enjoyable to me and that's
really that's like the big truth for why
I personally pursue it so it's not I
don't know it's not like I appreciate
the the kind words but it's not like I
do it through something like big like
altruistic Drive it's actually just
really enjoyable for me I don't doubt it
I mean and I
well I guess let me be clear the
admiration comes from the fact that it
takes a lot to be able to articulate
ideas and be very very very clear about
what you're trying to say when you're
under fire oh sure yeah yeah yeah it's
definitely something I have to work out
a lot yeah man and you know seeing you
accomplish that and you know throughout
the course of these conversations was
probably the most impressive thing I
mean I obviously I don't know you saw I
didn't I don't I wouldn't know anything
about your motivations but but seeing
that is is a rare thing it's the one I
do come across just like wow you know we
we've got a real one here I dig it cool
okay well yeah I really appreciate that
thank you
I think I mean because since you know I
do what I do for work I spend a lot of
time just parsing through you know
different kinds of media and obviously
in more ways than one YouTube is the
epicenter but I think on I guess what we
would call the left there aren't I mean
there there might be a few but by and
large when it comes to you know being
able to articulate ideas that way and to
just be very clear and concise about
things there just are many people who
can you can line up that way yeah a lot
of it turns into screaming matches or
people saying that their ideas are so
self-evident they shouldn't have to
argue them I notice that a lot that was
another big motivation for getting on
the into this as well because I feel
like most of like in terms of like
progressives or left's like in the u.s.
like those arguments are all like very
heavily data-driven that support the
left like the art the right really don't
really have very many like actual
scientific fact to back up many their
argument for some reason everybody seems
to think they do so yeah yeah that was
another I think that's a more recent
development because let me first for
several decades there was a long
tradition on the right of producing you
know formidable thinkers so you even got
people like Thomas ol you know
economists like Milton Friedman mm-hmm
even popular risers like William F
Buckley Jr etc I mean these people you
might disagree with their analysis on
some level but you had to
contend with with their ideas and you
have better come prepared or she would
get flatlined yeah and I definitely I'm
not I'm definitely not a fan of salt in
the way that his research is cited for
people to use them but um there's a
there's a measurable difference between
somebody like him and like Alex Jones
yeah well yeah yeah for sure I mean I
guess if you if you had to pinpoint the
people who carry the mantle I mean you
got I mean Jesus Christ there's no
comparison between somebody like Soler
Buckley and the Ben Shapiro's of the
world etc except I mean these these guys
are basically they're info Tanner's
they're they're akin to professional
wrestlers so yeah I mean it's it's it's
unfortunate that you know conservatives
don't really have that tradition anymore
because when when they did even though
some you know even Buckley admitted that
they were wrong about pretty much
everything about pretty pretty much
every major idea during the period of
the 60s and a Nam woody even though
that's true you know he was he was
prepared to make arguments and that's
just not something that that I've been
able to come across so far from that
camp and it's it sucks because I think
in order to have a fully fleshed out
idea you know for how to move forward
you need to have two competing at least
two competing ideas that you know this
is the whole iron sharpens iron thing
and right now is it's it's kind of a
one-sided conversation yeah I like the
idea of even if I agree with one side I
feel like there needs to be a strong
counter-argument to keep both sides kind
of honest with each other yeah yeah so
you like I came across a guy by the name
of what's his name David Pakman from my
money
present company excluded he's probably
sharpest as far as you know the the yeah
the YouTube side of things he's a
problem yeah I spoke he seems really
cool yeah if you come to him either
unprepared or talking out of your ass he
will Flay you there's if you want a good
laugh after you finish with with the
Macho Man promo
check out his conversation with Scott
Adams
about the the border wall this is
it's there everything that you know
Scott Adams is another like insane crazy
dude I feel so bad I think he's actually
like legitimately like crazy I feel bad
for him he's a I don't obviously I don't
know him but he seems to be the kind of
guy who he likes to be contrarian just
for the sake of it I don't know about
that he's just has he has an insane
obsession with Trump and it's just very
 weird it's it's crazy that's
true but if you read any of his books I
think you'd be surprised very lucid
logical straightforward and nothing that
you would categorize as batshit crazy I
just think you know when he starts to
talk about anything political then that
contrarian kind of troll side of him
comes out and I just don't think he can
he can control it mm-hmm yeah that
conversation with him that Pakman is is
is worth okay I might look into that but
can I carry that aside though I mean I
think because because of politicians
like aoc and Bernie Sanders etc you have
a lot of people who are more open to
fringe we're not really fringe but what
socialist ideas and socialists I guess
philosophy a problem I've always had
though with socialism as a concept
within a market-driven economy is risk
because when you look at any kind of
entrepreneurial activity that's the
central that's the central piece you
know could talk about you know labor
exploitation etc etc but before the
labourer enters the factory it's already
built all the machines are all there and
that's because the person who invested
as he's taken along considerable amounts
of risk and the average person is just
not capable of doing
they just it's just not in their DNA so
I've never moved
wait you cut off again you've never
really what
guys what are we going to get blood oil
are you still here hello I was in a
blood kelp area before I don't remember
where it was though
oh he got hello hello
he got killed by Liam Neeson Jesus
Christ called time
I didn't cut anymore table coral did I
bring him back um I think he's fixing
his microphone hello hello yo can you
hear me oh yeah I can you know what's up
they made my computer had a seizure not
how to piss assure with it gotcha Wow
I forgot what we were talking about Oh
risk oh yeah yeah risk respect people
have factories but there because they
risk it yeah okay yes I mean I don't I
don't know if you heard any arguments
that deal with that specifically but I
would love to hear you know how that's
addressed within that paradigm for sure
I mean I'm a big capitalist so I don't
think there are any good arguments
against it okay well okay so let me ask
you this then I mean obviously there has
always been a conflict between a market
driven economy and a democracy I mean it
seems to me that that's obvious what do
you mean by that so let's go back to the
social contract so you and I agree to
terms and we both agree that's the only
viable way for us to maintain those
terms is to have what amounts to a
referee right so you have a third party
that we offload things like violence -
all right yeah like that state yeah for
sure
the problem however though is the
referee has dreams too you know you know
the referee you know whether it be he or
she you know they they want to you know
have a giant house and they want to you
know take their kids on vacation etc etc
and so those stronger my position is in
the market if I'm of a certain kind of
person the easier it is for me to say
hey I can make all your dreams come true
I'll write a check and then suddenly my
position is now etched into law and now
I'm dominant over you I think that's
that's always been the conflict is as
far as I can see it is it do you not
agree about like people make
big campaign contributions pretty much
sure well not just that I just I mean
that I mean that's that's obviously a
good place to start but I just think
just in general when because you know
capital is essentially power that the
two cannot really be unlinked so in and
if that's the case you're always gonna
have difficulties in a democracy where
you want to give people as much of an
equal voice as possible but that's not
really possible ultimately because of
strengthen positions within the market
even though you know that the market may
certainly be necessary and in some ways
it's just these are two things that
aren't this is like oil and water and so
you just have to manage the best you can
as far as I can see it yeah I understand
so how would you how would you solve the
problem I mean like dealing with um I
don't know this is one of the hardest
questions in the world because you're
talking about basically you go talking
about things like citizens united I
don't know what the correct answer is
but it seems like right now it seems
like we lean too far on the side where
money has too much influence in politics
and the D linking these two things would
probably be a good idea but I don't know
like where the exact balances got you I
think the the bigger issue is what do
you do once we've got to the point where
large portions of the population just
aren't worth all that much in the market
well the ideal is that we were living in
a post in a post-scarcity society and
that everybody can just pursue things
that interest them and that machines and
everything are producing things for
people and it's good I don't know what
the reality is what will happen but yeah
well I mean I think in order for that to
happen on any kind of realistic level
you're going to have to fundamentally
change people's own self perceptions
uh-huh this goes this takes us back to
mr. Salamanca
you know what is a man well in a world
where you know producing for my family
is not part of my DNA essentially okay
so what what is it that I'm what what am
I here for what am I to do
I think that's part of the reason why
you have figures like Jordan Peterson
you know becoming more and more sought
out is because it's you know on some
level they may be superficial but he's
at least attempting to answer some of
these questions even though my own
personal view is that he's kind of a
snake oil salesman but I don't I don't I
don't think the fact that people are
looking for figures like him should be
taken lightly yeah I agree I think that
there is like a big lack in purpose and
meaning right now that's where a lot of
these people have come from for sure and
I mean I'm not I'm not particularly
religious at all but I do understand the
fact that if you were going to because
well obviously as a country we're
becoming less so but if that's the case
you have to replace these rituals with
something because these these rituals
and these traditions are deeply embedded
in our collective DNA and then once
they're stripped out then you have you
know what we see in a lot of cases
people winding up feeling like they're
cut off from the larger society they
become depressed and you know all the
other things that come along with that
so I think before we get to a point
where you know we live in this post
scarcity world where we all are happy
whatever that means you know given the
person that I think you got to cover
those those particular steps first and I
don't I don't really see anything right
now that leads me to believe that we're
starting that off I think I think right
upon we're still not even really sure
you know how to deal with the problem
let alone actually deal with it yeah
it's possible yeah I don't know what the
correct answer is there that's obviously
we both know it's a very very very
complicated thing to deal with yeah and
I guess the other the other component
too is we when you think about the
economy in general I mean there's so
many things we don't know like for
instance you know how much of the
economy is composed of people who are
just essentially rent seekers we have no
idea you know how many people are
producing things that have not much if
any intrinsic value at all it may be it
may be a large large portion it may be
been a relatively small but we will
maybe don't really know the only time we
get a a semi clear look into how you
know how big the problem might be is
when there's a financial crisis and we
can trace it back to people who are you
know propagating other than
that we know but kind of just sail along
and we just hope things are oh this is
like you know being I'm on deck on a
ship and hoping things down below we're
okay and not you know I'm not about to
explode sure so what do you why I guess
like what's your proposal what do you
think we should be done differently well
I mean everything that I thought of so
far is so impractical that I think it's
impossible I mean because you're talking
about problems that is so fundamental
that you would have to completely
reshape the way that we for instance
teach children we you would have to
completely redefine how people see
themselves and what their role should be
I mean that's the process that takes
hundreds if not thousands of years and
in many cases so I mean I'm nobody's
cynic but just looking at it it seems
like the best thing you can do is just
you know keep patching up the ship and
then try and stop the thing from from
blowing up as best you can and just you
know keep moving that way and you hope
that you can keep things going long
enough so that you can reach back and
and fix some of these more foundational
issues but the other issue is that
you're facing people who are making
substantial amounts of money based on
how things are now and they have a
vested interest in making sure that you
don't change anything so you got that to
deal with so it's just it's a yeah I
mean it like it's it's a mess I mean
that's that's just
the clearest way to talk about it but I
mean it's some of the here's the truth
though as far as I can see and it
reminds me think yes James Baldwin he
was talking to the National Press Club
somewhere in the 1980s give or take and
one of the things he talked about is the
fact that simplicity and
simplemindedness have basically they
become American virtues you know to the
degree that you are sufficiently simple
and straightforward you know people are
more inclined to rally around you and
love everything about you in spite of
the fact that what they're really seeing
is a kind of immaturity yeah it's like
he was talking specifically about you
know Reagan but we've seen that kind of
pattern with a number of different
politicians and I think I think part of
the problem that we have is the fact
that culturally we don't deal with
difficult problems all that well we
don't it's not in our DNA to look at
something and say okay this looks really
shitty but hey let's let's sit down and
actually figure this thing out it's
we're we're more inclined to say uh-huh
well hey this looks like a good example
of that is what's happening with this
border situation we know for a fact that
when it comes to terrorist activity
we're much more vulnerable with you know
due to people who were here on overs
overstayed visas all the professionals
in the field you know talked about that
as the primary issue that you have to
deal with well that's a hard problem to
solve you know in many ways it's much
easier to say hey you know there's a
border down there looks pretty sparse
let's throw some on it and see if
it see if it'll stop people from coming
across and maybe we can solve things
that way so there's this a natural
tendency to say hey this one's simpler I
can you know scream a little louder you
know given the given that particular
fact and then we can try something out
along those lines so I think it's like I
was saying before you're dealing with
deeply entrenched fundamental issues and
the
that's just in in a lot of cases a
situation where you just have to wait
till it dies out sure although I don't
depend on who you are I don't know if we
can wait that long if you're talking
about like issues like climate change or
whatnot but well your climate change I
mean I hadn't even thought about that at
least not within the context of this
conversation but I mean if just looking
at our tendencies historically I see
absolutely zero reason to believe that
will do anything about climate change
until it's you know way past the point
where we can do anything I just I don't
have any reason to think that and what
that won't be the case mm-hmm wait what
do you our wait what do you mean by that
so yeah word at that very poorly I guess
the better way to go about it would be
to use an example so we knew before we
dropped those atomic bombs or nuclear
bombs or whatever whatever they they
actually were that we knew what the
destructive capabilities were right at
least up to a certain up to a certain
point but we did it anyway for a number
of different reasons I don't want to
derail the conversation and going into
detail but it happened okay and and
that's that's just one example typically
what happens is when we're faced with an
issue is we we kick the can down the
road or you have a situation where
somebody can profit in the short term
because they can profit in the short
term because of because the status quo
is what it is and so they don't want
anything to change so you have those two
those two things operating in the
background so that the the consequences
even though solution might be obvious or
it might be if it's not obvious it might
be workable you don't you don't work
towards it for those for those two
reasons I don't think that was more
clear but hopefully that made a little
bit more sense sure yeah
people
[Music]
yeah people kick the can down the road
yeah definitely especially on our
current system yeah yeah so I mean I
think and some of it just depends on the
kind of person you are you know if you
can find things that that make you happy
and then that satisfy you in the
short-term mid-term I mean that those
are part of the things that people just
focus more and more on and they'll
probably just not pay as much attention
there's much attention to the fact that
yeah there may be a the apocalypse may
be you know coming over the horizon but
for now you know I've got enough to eat
and my family is happy so when it does
come hey at least I'll be happy when the
whole thing blows up that's that's a
that's a kind of a kind of solution if
you can call it that but you know moving
forward I don't think as much else to to
say or do
yeah well damn I mean anything else sir
no that was pretty much all I had I was
I think I was watching
I forget the I forget the channel now I
think you might oh yeah it was uh it was
Bill Marshall
HBO mm-hmm it's watching that a while
back and they had it was kind of an old
show but he had been Shapiro on now and
I think the the sad well I don't know if
you can call it sad but I guess I guess
tragic might be a better word to use but
it's obvious that he's the kind of
person that if it were in his interest
to actually be thoughtful and honest he
could and he would be somebody that
would be formidable but he's obviously
done the whatever internal calculations
whatever those happens to be and he's
decided it's much better he's much
better off you know operating the way he
does now and it's I don't know there's
something about that that because he's
not the only person that does does that
I mean it's something that we've seen
yeah lots of people that fox news types
definitely engage in that type of
behavior yeah yeah and it's I mean it's
not just people at Fox News you see it
you know with with figures you know
MSNBC CNN you see it across the spectrum
so I mean that kind of thing just you
know it always kind of points me back to
you know the system that they all
operate in what is it about this thing
that that forces a certain kind of
person to say you know what I could you
know provide value that would really be
that would really you know move things
in the right direction but instead I'm
going to focus on a different kind of
value and I'm going to you know to be as
dishonest divisive and in some ways just
ridiculous as possible mm-hmm and that's
how I can best accomplish you know
whatever whatever that goal has happened
to be I mean it's one it's one thing if
this were
a problem that we saw with a handful of
people but you see this across the board
so I think I think it might have more to
do with you know the arena they're
operating in as opposed to themselves I
mean uh I guess I mean I don't know much
about the streaming world but I assume
is probably probably very similar where
you can make a choice you can try to be
as outrageous as possible and in attract
people that way or you can go a
different direction I don't know what
the ratio is but I assume is probably
similar well on the US it's all the
media at least is for profit
I don't think twitch streaming is
necessarily the same not yeah I mean
people it's it's a different world right
not comparable necessarily to new stuff
but gotcha okay fair enough
well good sir I'm gonna go grab some
dinner it was good talking to you
yeah keep up the fire fight and
hopefully at some point we can talk
again yeah thanks a lot I'll see
everybody
