there's knowing the boot movespeed in
league matter oh yeah that was dumb yeah
destiny actually oh no I don't wanna be
this again no that was a good
counterpoint
I was trying to decide what items to buy
in league and I have bronze and destiny
was explaining to me that I should know
the thresholds of movement speed never
said no I never said that actually yes
you did no I absolutely did not say wait
the way to actually buy pick to buy
items is I I you that you would know
exactly how much movement speed you need
as as your champion to catch this other
champion to get away from this other
champion okay there's it well quick
there's a difference between saying you
should do something versus I expect you
to do something there's those are two
different things I wouldn't expect you
to know any of these things okay no the
arc I want I actually wanna get into
this the argument was can we get into it
for just two minutes and we'll stop two
minutes it's 19 its 748 right now we'll
stop at 750 okay okay just present your
argument I'll get my counter-argument or
I can go first and you can have the last
word you're gonna do it I want to go
back and forth on this okay you go first
okay
here is my argument typically when
you're buying items in League of Legends
there are certain standard items that
you're expected to have by certain times
of the game because of the benefits that
they convey you when it comes to
something like boots nobody in the
history of League of Legends makes a
decision in terms of buying boots so
it's like well if I buy this boot here I
can gain either a 34% increase in speed
or if I buy this item I can get like a
22% increase in damage it's not the
decisions are never made on that type of
like on that type of like marginal
utility basis nobody just nobody usually
makes decisions like that it's just how
any of these items work not to mention
the fact that using that type of
marginal utility doesn't even make sense
because for instance moving ten percent
or twenty or thirty percent faster with
a boot isn't really how the speed works
in League of Legends there are gap
closers it really just matters if you
can catch him or not like just nobody
makes decisions like that and that that
was essentially my point is that I would
never like look at an item and and no
point here League interview the best way
in the world nobody looks and I was like
I could buy this now in gain of 15
percent increase in speed no it's not
how people look at items okay I was all
the Eve I had stealth I walk up to the
people and I try to one shot them meet
the gap closers and [ __ ] don't matter so
much like you're saying and it was
grouped by end of game people died ones
like level 18 full gear and the decision
was do I sell the boots to buy a damaged
item and I don't know thresholds of
movement speed and I was like
thing about it as oh if I saw these
boots I lose X percent movement speed
10% or whatever and if I buy this item I
gained 30 percent damage
I'm definitely selling the boots it when
I have six items and buying a [ __ ]
item that gives me 30 percent more
[ __ ] damage I'm gonna blow these
[ __ ] up cuz I don't need gap closers
I'm gonna [ __ ] come out of stuff much
like them and then you were saying that
I need to think about it a different way
and in my position of being a bronze
[ __ ] player it's the best way I could
possibly think about because I don't
know every champion and the threshold of
movie speed I need the best way okay
I'll do one counter I want you do my
kinda write it the best way to think
about it is to just buy boots and don't
think about it
that's it no when I have six items no it
was I think I think a league coach would
have actually said that it was correct
to sell the boots when I think that in
that game to buy the possible but the
arguments they're gonna be maybe we
actually go to a league coach after I
don't it was great I don't know but the
thought process they would be you I
don't care about the conclusion I kept
at the thought process the thought
process would be you already have a gap
closer don't you have a gap closer on
Eve and that the fights would be
happening is such a way they're not
gonna be running people down so you can
go ahead and toss the boots and grab a
damaged item it's not gonna be well we
would calculate it out that if you sell
the boots you're gonna lose 14 percent
of your speed so and then gaining 32
like nobody would ever make a decision
wait no no it is a good way to think
about it because the boots also have
like some damage on them too or like
magic pen or something I don't [ __ ]
know okay where you going hard into it
okay listen this is why it's not a good
way to think about it okay you are
valuing some number you're valuing a
percentage okay if I were to say to you
if you sell these boots you're gonna
lose 25% speed versus 35% speed does
that help you make a decision the answer
is always no no it doesn't what the only
way you did over 25 percent or thirty
five percent make a difference meters if
you know the speed of the other enemies
in the game you cannot possibly know of
25 percent to 35 percent is worthwhile
you can't know that I'm coming out of
stealth and one-shotting them in the
street is it okay then let's make a
real-life example you have 400 moves fee
right now if you sell boots you're gonna
lose 25% movespeed for another damage
item or you can sell boots and lose 35%
move speed which one of these is worth
it in why okay I didn't hear I didn't
you said let's sit you know 400 moves
speeding you have the option to sell
your boots to lose 25% moves me to
acquire damaged item to attack the
enemies or let's say in another world
you can sell your boots you could
acquire another damage weapon but you
lose 35% even lose speed and which one
of these worlds is it a good decision
and a bad decision based on losing 25%
or 35% your move speed okay so if the
movie speed difference was insane if it
was actually like 50 percent versus 10
percent okay if
if I was gonna lose so much moving speed
that I couldn't even get to them in
stealth then suddenly ah you said the
magic word if you were going to lose so
much movement speed that you weren't
gonna be able to get to them so it is a
threshold it's not a percentage but if
it's unknown you're not gonna be able to
measure it in percentages the
percentages don't give you any
information because we're centage
measures one ability it gives another it
gives me a rough estimate does it
because you don't know what the enemy
moves speed is whether you not only lose
25% or 30% it doesn't matter because you
don't know the enemy moves because you
can't compare the numbers to each other
it said I was gonna move seven if I was
50% slower I could be like okay let me
imagine my character running okay I'm
not gonna [ __ ] catch him if it's a
sum of 10% so I'm like let me imagine my
character running okay they're fighting
in these stuff but it's between 25% and
35% move speed you really think it was
it was like oh it's just 10% movement
speed [ __ ] yeah you know but you don't
know if 10% movement speed is the
difference we catching them or not
because if I'm moving 10% slower than
them I was just thinking that is how
uh-oh this is from my information what I
know I was thinking okay I know how fast
I'm running compared to them right now
it's about the same now they stopped a
fight once in a while when they're in a
5v5 fight it's not always running away
so when they're stopping and I'm overly
moving 10% slower and I'm constantly
moving at them I'll reach them and I'll
get the truck and press all my buttons
and try to blow them up out of self you
laugh because you're not right you don't
know any of the numbers so the idea that
you would lose a percentage that reduced
one number when you comparing it to
unknown numbers is absolutely ridiculous
listen I you can let me conceive of the
world I'm playing a game you're playing
actually you're playing a game you're
playing a game you're running the same
speed as other people okay do you know
that you're do you know that even movies
have the same speed as other people you
you can feel that you're approximately
moving the sky after being in a game for
30 minutes with a paintball okay you can
feel how fast you're running okay okay
if you're moving approximately the same
speed as the other
[ __ ] and you know that they
stop occasionally when they're fighting
okay because it's a group fight you're
coming in stealth then you'll know that
if you move a few percent [ __ ] slower
you can reach them okay but you'll know
that if you move many many percent
slower like 50 you [ __ ] won't
okay so percents matter to some extent
and that's not super accurate but as a
bronze player the best [ __ ] thing I
could do is estimate because I don't
know the perfect exact number and you
were saying that that for me was
incorrect and for me it was correct I
mean I guess of selling boots means
you're gonna move 50 percent slower sure
but are we comparing like moving like 20
percent slower versus like getting
another at like a that would happen
that's not what happened I had no idea
no first of all nothing happened that we
know the information about me I had no
idea what boots did how much faster they
made you I just don't have to buy them
every game right and I never had a
situation I had to sell the boots so I'm
[ __ ] bronze okay so I'm looking at
the [ __ ] boots right and I'm like how
much faster they actually make me oh
it's only ten percent okay I can sell
but I had no idea if it would be ten or
fifty when I have a [ __ ] mask over
the item I just looked at the number I
was like oh it's ten percent of my
movies mean whatever you know okay I
what I'm not lying I'm lying I don't
know boots every game I always buy boots
I didn't have any reason to look at how
much faster there was making me because
I'm always supposed to buy them so then
the one game where I was thinking about
selling them I looked at it I was like
oh it's this percent and I sold it okay
and it doesn't make sense and you think
what how can you be right I don't even
understand how he hit a world where you
could be right on I guess like okay I
can fight we can come together okay are
you ready yeah mmm-hmm if it's if you're
literally thinking that by selling your
boots you're going to lose literally
half your movement speed then in that
case looking at that might be thirty
percent I had no idea I thought it might
if it was thirty percent I would've been
like maybe I can't catch these people
and it was if it was five percent or 10
percent I don't even know what it is I
don't member what the percent was in the
end if it was [ __ ] small I was be
like okay I can you know if it was 30
percent movie speed I would've been like
probably questionable okay
I'm losing you now because I have a hard
time feeling it you're gonna be making
an intelligent like okay at 25% I can
absolutely sell my boots and it'll be
fine but it 30% man I'm really pushing
saying I don't have exact but if the
number was 30 let's use 30 and 5 if it
was 5 percent movement speed I'm like ok
I can I can pretty much estimate that
I'm gonna catch them still if they're
stopping in a group if it was 30 I
wouldn't know and then I'd be like kind
of stuck on the decision it probably
would just leave the base without
selling the boots ok ok I if it comes to
like 50% like movement speed loss then I
then looking I guess looking at the
percent is good ya know if it's dirty
it's also good what do you think you're
exaggerating the numbers at first at 50
whatever but if it was 30 versus 5 it's
all so [ __ ] good you can still tell
you don't have to know the exact numbers
to tell you're running up against after
somebody for a whole game and you can
think in percentages I I can see your
logic I just don't think I would ever
make a decision like this and as you
gain no no it's not about thinking
differently it's just it like you're not
like stacking percentages all game like
analyzing it like this it's more just
like if I don't have boots I'm going to
be slower than everybody but I've got a
movement speed gap closer that can get
me in there if I keep the boots I'm
still relatively quick but I lose the
damaged item like that's all you're
thinking you don't have to think in
terms of like percentages I guess but
unless you think yes you do because if
the percent of damage you're getting
would be true percent more damage you'd
be like no [ __ ] way I bother doing
that ok but again these numbers are so
absurd you don't buy an item in League
of Legends again 2 percent damage
there's no item that's the point
I look at it likes weekly milestones so
make looking at this percent making my
point that you don't buy an item in
league that gives 2 percent damage so
like mouse over the item and I find out
how much percent damage gives me there's
a reason to do that I can see a world
where you're correct ok
I can see I am current I just but just I
can see correct I have like ten thousand
games of League and never in my life
have I ever heard somebody I never heard
somebody I've never heard somebody say
like okay well let's analyze what we
gain here well if we buy another item
winner POV already what is winner oh
well if they're saying winner POV okay
damn I like that you can admit when
you're wrong unless using your meaning
okay if you go into a game no I love you
right I'm jumping ship I'm in the boat
on the ladder I know I know you don't
like losing argument so you go into a
game you've never played let me say you
playing World of Warcraft okay ready
mm-hmm you're playing World of Warcraft
and you you have two trinkets okay
you're in a starter's not I've been
arena during time let's say one trinket
would give you 10% movement speed and
the other one would give you 30% more
damage now you don't you bow so over the
trinkets and see the percentages do the
percentages help you make a decision no
or it does it matter that you know
because what if in World of Warcraft PvP
what if people have likes unlocks and
gap closers and [ __ ] or craft pvp and
you can think like damn last game I
played these guys I got the guy down to
15% health did I have any trouble
catching him no actually I didn't okay
I'll choose the damage percent over the
movement percent I know I don't know
because in WoW PvP movement speed might
mean [ __ ] all or it might be incredibly
[ __ ] we're know from playing a few
games even if you're [ __ ] equivalent
of bronze if you need to catch a
[ __ ] or do more damage I don't
know if that's how you catch people in
WoW though I don't know I have no later
games if you were this if you have
played a few games you would know if I
what I would do is I would [ __ ] I
wouldn't net deck the belt I would just
see what all the top EVPs you savages
copy that because you're a [ __ ] noob
yeah I know [ __ ] nobody okay when people
who don't suck at games play games they
don't just net deck everything I net
deck
everything until I'm the top person
your players you better [ __ ] believe
it I nicked the [ __ ] out of that [ __ ]
but I was like a high percentage league
player and I'm a very high percentage
star guard player but when I dude you
should've played [ __ ] hearthstone I
got legend at three months you know what
I did I went to [ __ ] tempo storm calm
my copy paste or whatever paladin secret
[ __ ] then go I copied every [ __ ]
card okay well I [ __ ] copied every
[ __ ] card I got my legend and I piece
the [ __ ] out of that [ __ ] mysterious
challenger Debbie's already talking
about whatever one had the Christmas
tree of Secrets one stream whatever had
the Christmas tree of Secrets that's the
one that I use I didn't know what have
to get cards of that [ __ ] game did I
get legend two seasons in a row right
but that [ __ ] that's what I do when I'm
in Doom I just copy that [ __ ] because
why would I ever think that I could
think of a better strategy than people
that spend full time like [ __ ] theory
crafting the [ __ ] game and Wow for
example resilience versus resilience
gems watch this every single person in
the entire game used PvP power gems okay
verse and there is there's an offensive
gem and a defensive gem now I analyzed
it with percentages okay and I realized
that two people hitting each other if
one person had full damage in one person
had the defensive gems the person with
the full defensive gems would do more
debt would do more damage and take less
damage okay just based on looking at the
percentages here okay I analyzed it all
the way through and then in the end I
knew that it was better to use the full
resilience gems and I had better Gemma
advantages residentsleeper a really good
just numbers you just look at the
numbers and you're like oh it's better
this way because anyone could have done
anyone you don't have to be good at all
you just look at the gym and you see
that you would do more damage
okay I don't know anything about what
but in this case if it's literally just
one stat versus the other then maybe it
is good here maybe that's important
there maybe you can just do it simply
but another thing then in that case
that's fine but those that's literally
like a linear relationship between two
stats movespeed presses attack damage
Indian like leek is way more [ __ ]
complicated and he's comparing two
numbers complicated I get it this more
complicated it can help me make an
educated guess to use the percentages I
still won't get up a perfect answer I'm
not saying I'm gonna be the perfect
answer but it's gonna lead me toward the
correct decision more often to know the
percentages than to not know them okay
you let you put I did okay why don't you
play your piano more let's hear that
okay
[Music]
however my fingers [ __ ]
