hello everybody and welcome to of dice
and man how are the four of you doing
today
great I'm ready to be done already it's
lovely to have you Lily so what is up
dice and men it is a fifth edition D&D
campaign that we're doing the party is a
group of detectives that have formed
their own detective agency
led by ke Torino also known as Daffy
where you introduce yourself oh okay
hello ty wait do I have to be in
character for this one reduce your
character it's your character as me
introducing my care you could be
character as your character please
you're saying the president here okay
I'm gonna do a voice okay I'm deaf I am
the I'm the leader of the party I am a
bard and I have a detective agency
called um various operations agency I
opened it a little while back in hopes
to make money and solve people's various
problems young woman sounds like you I'm
going for a stay in character
maybe maybe adults not past young adults
just an adult okay and and I I'm working
on the voice all right you know it'll
come it'll come with with my character
all right lovely and what is your class
and race it half-elf bide love and who
was the first person in this Detective
Agency that you've hired it was Jeff's
character
excuse me what character who is he where
is he can't you see don't you know don't
you know he hired yeah his name then no
oh god it's like what the teacher calls
in you in class and you were sleeping no
no I'm getting PTSD role 20-page yeah so
uh there you go lovely and a val-d'or
who are you Oh tough act to follow our
leader is constantly drunk it's gonna be
weird maybe I should be a drunk wait I
make it easier
my name is Val Dora I'm the muscle of
this group it kind of keeps them in line
I as you can see I'm a strapping young
lad but not that young I guess I'm in my
30s
good guy and I try to keep them in line
try to keep them safe but also make sure
that they're safe and what is your race
and class val-d'or I don't see in races
and classes Neil nice I appreciate that
what's your species and occupation I am
a white human male and generally
speaking my job falls into the fighter
carrot category lovely and we didn't
really touch with us but Daffy is from
the middle of the road she's from the
servant into social structure we're in
the social hierarchy are you from I'm a
self-made man I came from humble
beginnings where my family just kind of
did what they could to survive and
worked and now I find myself
investigating very interesting things on
behalf of very important people and who
was the second person hired
it was nevets it was nervous nevets who
are you I am a soft-spoken inquisitive
level-3 road I appreciate the
introduction and I am the investigative
unit of this crew I investigate
that's what I do that's what we all do
but I'm the investigating part of the
investigation okay okay and you've
already said that you're a rogue what is
your species well I'm a Lightfoot what
boy but why did you write that into my
thing I don't know why I write that um I
believe I'm a UH I am a halfling
[Music]
wonderful see like Land Before Time for
a second there oh that's my sub brace oh
I'm sorry yeah I don't see sub-races I'm
also quite progressive in this crew and
where are you from the the social
structure I am a lower class citizen
unfortunately and who was the fourth
person hired for this Detective Agency
Doki Doki
and who is Toki okay sorry and I'm Toki
I am a hill dwarf I am a crude yeah and
where are you from the social strata
Toki um my past has been trenched in
opulence and riches
but I am now past that that is all you
know dust in the wind as they would say
the toast right that introduction why
don't we take a look at your base of
operations do you have a map screen we
can take a look at I didn't get that on
the overlay we're just going to use our
imaginations excellent so imagine a room
with a table I can see that you're all
sitting around okay Steven you can't
show roll20
no I'm just four of your home base in
the town of Kron ouack on the iron Ridge
and the kingdom of dreck is there's an
upstairs where you guys all sleep and
live but we're not gonna worry about
that for now here is your base of
operations this is your front room and
meeting room where people can come in
down here is your kitchen and dining
room this is your warehouse where you
store weapons armor shields tools
supplies copious amounts of wine and
whatnot so before we get too deep into
our campaign here I want to get to know
our players and our characters a little
bit better wait did we really roll this
once our interview solo at level three
you know I don't remember that I am 16
HP at level three is possible does this
sound right yeah
okay okay all right okay well hi what
was it we're all gonna die well so this
is your home right you all live in the
same building you all work together you
you got rooms upstairs and kitchens
downstairs and stuff so I want to kind
of know what your daily routine is like
is it a fend for yourself sort of thing
or does someone make breakfast for the
rest of the party you know what what's
it like as a member of this Detective
Agency as the leader I like to always
make sure our party is well taken care
for so usually I just let them get
whatever they want get you know uh fun
for themselves because I mean I I spend
most of my day trying to look for a new
new new you know clients and and
missions and quests to go on so you know
generally pretty we get along well so we
we tend to we tend to eat dinner
together but I don't think anyone is
very good at cooking not really in our
skill set but we were talking about
hiring a cook maybe later but for now
for now we're good when you've got the
money right Glee but where it's you know
it's still a startup it's still started
I've had no complaints about my eggs and
toast
I am I I do cook for myself though most
of the time because I am a vegetarian I
do not consume animals so it's hard to
you know cook for everyone else when
they are at the same factory level that
I am which of course makes it awkward I
think we need to explain to the chat
every morning for breakfast we have
chicken and bacon this is of course
where Toki turns into a pig just parts
of her body and then we waited at Justin
pass it yeah and so we
her but she doesn't need herself this is
really weird
okay listen made for a weird dynamic the
first few mornings were kind of awkward
but we apply pressure the wins
afterwards the weirdest part about it
but you know man when the funds are
tight I'm sure the satisfaction of
knowing she's got us all nice and fed
outweighs any pain she could suffer
right okay let's just get that out no no
nobody eats her he did ask if he could
and that created some tension but we
soon resolved it like adults
excellent niphas I want to ask you what
your last case was and for our purposes
here it's gonna have not been a very
lucrative case you guys are a little bit
low on funds murmuring start the
campaign so what was the last case the
last case that we did was actually
incredibly incredibly disappointing a
woman contacted us to let us know that
her husband had been moving a huge
amount of illegal contraband through the
city like an unbelievable amount like so
much that if we would have found out if
we would have actually cracked this case
it would have made headlines all across
the kingdom and so she told us where
he'd be and she wanted us to report back
to her who he was meeting so that she
could help us you know figure out the
next step and it turned out that really
her husband was just cheating on her and
she just wanted us to follow up on that
relationship and when we reported it
back she got mad at him slapped him it
was like two gold and sent us on our way
we basically got scammed it was pretty
bad how long did you spend on this case
um quite a while actually because when
she told us initially what the case was
going to be we we spent a lot of time
talking about it deciding as an agency
if we really wanted
on a case of this magnitude we spent a
little bit of extra money you know
getting our swords sharpened our armor
polished make sure we were on our game
and ready to go and yeah when we saw the
when we started to figure out what was
going on when the husband snuck into
this other lady's house at night we felt
pretty uh pretty stupid about everything
yep man that's terrible it's a
hard-hitting business you know yeah so
as it stands the party is maybe not
quite broke but near to broke like the
the party funds are down to zero but you
each all have your own individual money
and that should already be on your
character shoot I think it's not yell at
me and I'll sort it out every month just
to survive to pay rent and to pay for
food and to maintain your gear and live
at you know your style of comfort you
need 12,000 bits
12,000 copper to make ends meet by the
end of the month and we're gonna start
on the first of the month it is January
1st 15 12 you've just paid rent you've
got food for the month in the in the
building and by the end of this month
you need to come up with 12,000 copper
in order to survive and make it to the
next so right so first things first I
think we shop for a cheaper place
well maybe maybe we can just use a use
Toki's body parts as our shelter by the
way and claypool um I don't seem like I
don't see my money and my um characters
you mean either coypu what's going on
here oh I think what's going on is
somehow I forgot to give you cash must
have been with you everything bought
your money when you were putting little
foot on my character shade you must have
accidentally early did on my little foot
is my hero talking [ __ ] about little
foot and this is gonna be so there's
some money for Toki I will start giving
you all cash right now so what is the
what is the conversation around the
table today before for your
job shows up what's going on here well
we you know the the the last it's pretty
is we're feeling bad about you know it
just happened it we're pretty behind on
money you know because we spent that
extra so we're kind of feeling bad so I
think I think most of us are are in a
bit of a somber mood but you know it
doesn't doesn't mean we can't have light
pleasantries how was your night how did
you sleep you know we're we still we
still have some nice you cut out there
at the end no I think she just stopped
talking so what in character let's hear
some conversation what is happening at
your table nothing what you have to say
okay meat intake and buy some more
vegetables our diet has been pretty bad
lately a lot of junk food you know Toki
I don't think we're spending 12,000
copper a month on meat and I don't think
we're gonna save that much by changing
our diet well it was just a suggestion
well I think I think Toki has a good
point but instead of purchasing
vegetables I think what we should do is
try to hunt for our own food how are we
going to have enough time to do jobs
while we're hunting for food at the same
time well we don't have a job lined up
right now so I was thinking that that
Toki Toki do you use a bow and arrow did
anyone here use a bow and arrow or
anything like that she's a vegetarian
and a druid my friend I don't think so
hunting
quarter staff guys are sitting around
the table talking about how you're gonna
feed yourselves this month it sounds
like it's
fearless leader dap i think you need to
find us work otherwise you're not much
of a leader you're just I'm working on
it so I'll get alright work comes the
food we can do it in that order as
opposed to talking to the patient Arian
about those staffing mushrooms on our
off time right
I actually I I do have a couple of cases
that I'm looking at so uh so hopefully
we should have we should get get on that
pretty quite soon yes did you care to
share the details of any of these cases
with us yes but I am afraid it's another
one of those cheating husband situations
however it seems that wife is concerned
about the actions of her husband but she
thinks that he is not cheating on her he
might be running some kind of
underground business that she doesn't
he's not too not too sure what it is but
she thinks that it has to do with some
quite devious subjects and he comes home
sometimes she finds blood on his clothes
so uh and has found several several
weapons in his on his person is it
possible it's the moon's blood no
please a knock at your door it is
possible all right standing on the other
side of the door is the Chancellor of
cron Wieck now we're gonna talk about
chrono for a little bit here it is a
town on the iron bridge we'll look at
another map a little bit later it is the
the principality being the seat of the
principality here and the Chancellor is
the princes sort of right-hand woman
here she's the one who a lot of decides
who gets a private audience with him who
doesn't get a private audience with him
what sort of information needs to make
his desk which ones don't it's like the
Secretary of State what is it chief of
staff president you know the the role of
power but without actually making any
decisions and here she is at your door
flanked by two guards who wins at the
door deaf hello how may I help you I'm
sorry can deaf move their character
token up there so the immersion isn't
broken please hello thank you why are
you looking at a bush there we go for me
the door with my lute in my hand so we
didn't wander over there come on guys
shut the [ __ ] up all right she said I am
Nina theremin the Chancellor here in
Crown Vic I am looking for the mm-hmm
what does it call the various operations
agency boa are you fella yes we are at
we are boa nice to meet you I'm deaf the
leader of this your organization how may
I help you today there has been a bit of
a problem at one of the mines outside of
town be the black paw mine to be
specific
it appears that everyone there has been
slaughtered ruthlessly and we don't know
what happened
the prince would was hoping to find an
independent third party to investigate
it well you've you found your third
party here we are
that's his right up our alley we would
love to go check it out for you lovely
she like tries to peer in the room and
take a look around at the assembled
people come in you can come in no
problem oh why thank you and she will
step in and take a seat at the table
what are they doing ooh I didn't nevets
move are the guards with her stand
outside they they stand flanking that
are on the outside to make sure no one
disturbs you all right well the prince
will fill you in on the details but um
roundabout Lee the mine has about 40
workers roughly 10 security staff and
all seem to have been killed do you
investigate a mass murder we do we
investigate anything to be investigated
we do splendid this iron mine is of
paramount importance to our operations
here and what you value very dangerous
and if it's so important to you you'll
need our top-notch team to deal with
this but also you'll probably be paying
top-dollar
8 as expected
yes the prince has authorized me to give
you 8,000 copper I'm I'm sorry yeah what
was it
what was room yes a Chancellor Theron
trans Lutheran I'm uh I'm sorry but uh
this is a mass murder that we are
investigating we have no idea the cause
of this or or how dangerous it is to go
down in this mind you know boa is there
it comprises it's comprised of the four
of us you see so um so I'm afraid that
eight thousand copper is is a bit too
low for what you're asking it is quite
the dangerous mission well hang on DAP
it's it's awfully close they're not far
off I think if they said something like
twelve thousand I think they just nail
on the head twelve thousand seems like
quite the appropriate sum to be paid for
this job yes or just saying this we can
keep the original eight thousands but we
get approval from you to lower our rent
down to eight men she Ponder's the
matter and comes up with well while the
prince does own the land upon which your
building is built he rents it out to
whoever's the the manager here and they
set the rates yeah close we might be
able to have a conversation with him and
see if it can be lowered but we have no
jurisdiction in this area what if we
settle it at ten thousand halfway
everyone's happy yes you know what is
the first time offer deaf what do you
say we give him a little bit of a
discount Rob the body's blind make up
the twelve thousand and that's kind of
what we do they robbed the bodies i sir
no I did not yes he said sob over the
body said people very sad their souls
passed on to the afterlife very
emotional
yes 10,000 seems like a good offer yes
yes you but I assume you'll have this
conversation with the with the manager
yes I will speak to your landlord and
see what I can do
thank you very much excellent it sounds
like a deal then well then let me escort
the four of you to the keep the prints
show yeah sorry one last thing here at
Goa when we seal a deal the way we kind
of make sure that it is sacred between
the two is Daffy will begin to kiss your
feet and work his way up to your knees
perhaps you could just do with a kissing
of the hand as a compromise it yeah what
do you say
I mean well that is what we usually do
around here
I think valdore I've had my eye on you
for some time and I think that I know
you've always been jealous watching me
you know kiss the clients feet night I
think it's your turn this time I think
you should give it a go necessary it is
very necessary you see a simple
handshake is simple because of the hand
it just won't do and I think I can speak
for all of us when Baldor look at him
he's just itching
he just it's important well I believe I
am NOT born into a noble family I don't
deserve beat kissing maybe just the hand
I accept we'll revisit this idea next
time Daffy of course and here's the
leader but kneel before I kiss her hand
I got your roll for hotness man I need
you to understand what I'm feeling oh of
course I don't want to disappoint you
yeah well we'll see working with a 12
here we're working with the 12 not
really good a tape we do is there like a
D 18 that you roll what does that mean
it's 3 D 6 it's just like in our stats
ok I don't know if there's a one day
what are we your player characters so
you can decide or you can roll 3d6 for
it but whatever you decide or roll for
is set in stone immediately I'll roll
for it want to be super hot Toki I do
want to be super hot just say it just
say you're super hot
a dashing bashing man dad like a little
you're a dwarf right yeah I think I want
to see some leadership here from our
leader I want to see a role for hotness
role
you got a role for that is me deciding
what my hotness is there you go can we
tell you I'm hot as hell
I'm scale from 18 with an average of 10
and a half in a standard distribution of
two and a half what is your hotness
sixteen oh my god actually we get jobs
because our leader is so good-looking
that people are more incentivized to
accept our office like it actually works
out for us why do you think we always
get the distressed wife cases yeah I'm
gonna be of seventeen point five just to
kind of is it 3d6 neil it's 36 yeah I'll
join you Lily rule Oh world it can't do
it Steve is ugly ugly I'm eighteen
thirteen is average Oh Lily you're
precious you know our leader listen
here's the thing if our leader won't do
it and in these times the backup leader
it's me
so I know I know it needs to be done so
I've decided to appoint my new backup
leader as Toki
I'm a 12 okay Charlotte thanks Toki oh
wait deaf yes roll it
oh I'm hot it'll be fine you'll roll
well smash our space wait hold on Koivu
are you are you black pilled or can we
improve our attractiveness over time or
do you think it's set in stone don't
know should meet my black belt black
belt means that from the moment of your
birth one of my roles so you have my
health so now you treat me trade you my
fire for your floor that sounds fair
trade me the whole thing
[ __ ] fine it's not the whole roll we
cheer to dice my bread I get your five
you get my one yes so I'm at a 10 now
wait and you're at an 11 am I am I
breaking well my mess four is eight I
think yeah both minus four is eight
she's my plus one one right so your
hotness of 12 goes down by five plus
four is eight and K torino goes to four
five is eleven yeah I had that right
yeah I'm an eight teen on you like a
cinematic maybe can make yourself maybe
that's how you still get there maybe
maybe we could we could find some
surgeons around here I mean I have lots
of friends there's no plastic surgery in
this day and age I'm sorry you're stuck
with what you got thankfully there's not
a lot of mirrors either they're
expensive too hard to come by okay so
you guys can head off to the key you
will be let through the gate because
you're being escorted by the Chancellor
pass the inner courtyard
past the walls of the inner sanctum of
the keep and into the princes war room
where you are meeting the rest of his
his advisors I'm gonna give you some
people that are in the room and you can
feel free to ask me questions about them
whenever you want in the room we have
the Prince of cron ouack we have the
captain of his guard his Chancellor the
Ranger who kind of patrols the area and
takes care of knowing what's going on
outside of the city in the wilderness
his arc mage who's kind of young and
ineffectual he's pretty new to the job
and they're kind of hoping he'll get
good he's not particularly useful at
this point in time and the prince of
cron wix3 retainer knights who sort of
help do his bidding on the outside and
they are all standing around the table
when you guys walk in the Chancellor
introduces you to them gives you a whole
slew of names the captain the guard is
called Wolfgang steel Chancellor is
niala Thurman the Rangers name is Polly
Whig the arc mage is arc Dorian the
retainer nights are Drake silver horn
Matthias red edge and kiri bro card yeah
I'm writing this all down totally yeah
I'm gonna I know you're writing it down
but just for my sake I'm just gonna give
you a copy-paste of this information in
the discourse that's just for me not for
you guys cool all right
mmm once you're all seated the Prince
starts in I have a called you here for
particular reason the black Paul 9 is
one of our best iron mines in the region
as you of course know iron is a scarce
resource in this country hell on this
entire island and we are one of the
greatest sources of iron around it's
what brings us our wealth what gives us
an edge in battle but everyone else is
using weapons made of copper alloys the
black Paul mine is was I should say
owned by Drake metric Lord silver horn
emotions - one of his knights here el
silver horns uncle and well they failed
reports back in about five days ago and
we thought not much of it at the time
since Lord silver horn was there and
overseeing the mines we thought perhaps
he had brought some changes about that
delayed shipment few more days passed
and still no word
so I sent Kel silver horn here the young
man to investigate he took a whole
sphere of troops arrived and found
everyone dead the 40-some miners the the
eight guards the smelters the foreman
even the cook dead and the knight on on
command there to keep everything safe
all dead so they came back here to
report and we would like to reopen the
mine but we must first decide is it
still in danger is what happened here
going to happen again and if so we need
to put a stop to it if not if it's a
one-off fluke of large animals moving
through the area killing everything then
I guess we just reopen the mines with
more guards so you are being brought
here to sort out what happened who's
responsible and if it's safe to reopen
the mines again I will of course give
you my Chancellor to work with if you
have any questions you can ask her come
to me personally any question well we're
so sorry for your loss of course but
thank you thank you for coming to us I'm
sure we will
we will make great and quick work good
do you notice the retainer Knights
they're shifting uncomfortably and the
awkward silence
Drake silver horn Cal Drake silver horn
says if you need an extra escort to the
mines I would be happy to come along
with you and oversee anything keep you
safe farm
I kind of leaned in to Daffy you need to
ask if that means you splitting the
money we will still be we will still be
a paid our full 10,000 yes everyone
looks to the chancellor who gives a
brief nod yes it's for solving this
problem of whether you get there or not
is all right all right
and seems good to us so how many people
will be joining us I will bring myself
as well as eight of my men gesture to
Toki and nevets and valdore and say our
or you alright with this arrangement mmm
of course are we allowed to ask
questions from Cal Drake ask questions
of course Cal Drake silver horn you said
that you investigated the area where
these men were killed do you know how
they were killed I may be an expert at
arms an expert at defeating my enemies
but I am no doctor I saw dead bodies we
stacked them peacefully side by side
covered them with tarps and came back to
report the details I believe it's up to
you do the investigation well I mean
even little details like they were torn
apart just a blue set on fire
certainly a fighting man can tell the
difference between a sword wound and a
flesh torn by teeth of a beast
especially a fighting man such as you've
seen so much combat and you even stack
the body so you had intimate exposure to
yes they did appear to be wounded there
it is the body there yes yes they're all
stacked in the vine all right and
otherwise everything is untouched
besides the bodies being stacked yes all
we did was stack the bodies respectfully
in the mind where they would not be
exposed to them you said you had a night
on guard here as well correct yes there
was a night on guard when the knight was
killed was his armor
confirm his body or was he left fully
armed he was in his armor yeah do you
know if anything do you know if anything
from this mine was stolen at all or was
everything left as was I did not
investigate that matter that's not my
job it's your job
do you believe of course of course we
will get to that I think we're done with
questions yes um final question who is
the closest person in this area that you
think might have an issue with this mine
you had trouble with bandits or any kind
of creatures in the past there is some
quiet as that everyone looks across the
table and eventually the prince speaks
up saying there have been no problems
with the mines other than the usual sort
of things mountain lions in the area the
occasional metal hungry thorn from the
elemental plane of earth traveling
through trying to steal the smelted
metals out from under us that's why we
have guards to keep everything at bay
but bandits no never up the mines were
killed found on the inside or outside
the mine a little bit of both all right
so they were scattered okay I think
we're ready to go yes one final question
he said these bodies were scattered
about I assume these men have an area
they could sleep in right they weren't
killed in their sleeping quarters it
looks like the bodies were strewn about
like somebody had shown up in the middle
of the day or something correct few of
them appeared to be killed in their
sleeping quarters four of them
okay it's something you should see for
yourself
it says a slaughter like this I I
haven't seen in quite some time
there are no nearby towns you have
problems with no no one that would have
that would want to harm anyone
you know no what do you mean there
there's no one with anything against you
or your mining practice here right who
are you addressing this who is the you
in here friends I guess okay the Prince
shakes his head no no no no everyone is
well organized
there have been no not even a whiff of
treason about I can't think of anyone
who would want to harm me and if they
did this seems a roundabout way to do it
this is only one of many mines in the
area although if you believe this to be
a threat to all of them that is
something we should know as quickly as
possible well we have we've yet to
decide that of course we have to
investigate first sir
well shall you be off then yes yeah
sounds good all right since you are
going with quell Drake's silver horn he
will be bringing his own guards with him
and they will carry all the supplies for
you so you don't need to worry about
bringing food or water or anything like
that oh yeah Oh Toki
do they have vegetarian provisions with
them for our yes most of their
provisions are vegetarian fruits and
vegetables that sort of thing so this is
our world map we're gonna be using a hex
grid each hex is five miles across and
if you want to go from one area to the
other you're always just gonna cross the
hex since always gonna be five miles to
get from one spot to the other
cron ouack the area where this golden
nonsense is on is the the head of the
principality here the capital of the
region the two other towns of importance
are gonna be whaler's bay and crumbling
now krub ones kind of hard to get to
over the ridge it's kind of far and the
area is pretty dangerous and the terrain
is quite dry and rugged so usually
people will sail there or whatnot
the way between chromic and whaler's bay
follows this river crimson rapids and
we'll go into that more in detail when
we need to get in that direction for our
purposes today you're gonna be headed
this hax where the black palm mine is
you'll hear lovely I'm sorry real quick
did uh did the guard Cal Drake sunburnt
did he say his uncle was killed or just
that he was overseeing it when it was
attacked no he died there unfortunately
okay he was killed okay
yes body is the one that I brought back
okay the others I laugh and you the one
you circled is the one we're going to
yeah yes of a question for you koi boo
like about the world so the Prince the
Prince oversees this whole island yeah
all of this area I guess yeah he
oversees all of it yeah okay um couldn't
get then okay let me find the dice that
I draw and then I'll make some encounter
Jay I don't know all right
so the first text you go across is fine
no encounters that day and no encounters
on the rest of the way so you are going
to arrive at the entrance to black
before we do this while we're traveling
can we talk amongst ourselves for a
little bit yes absolutely I totally
agree all right do you guys have any
idea on what uh what might have occurred
here at the mine murder something what I
mean um well given the 50-plus dead
bodies I think it's fair to say that
both people have been killed and most
likely murdered those are good
conclusion so far yes well I mean we
couldn't have we couldn't have expected
much more from from val-d'or so uh I'm
surprised you you came up with such a
such an astute conclusion good job buddy
TAF for such a beautiful man you have
such an ugly spirit but before you
respond if so many people were murdered
in such a way we need to consider that
this was organized and that they were
either trapped or so outnumbered that it
was a butcher in which case eight
bodyguards and some upstart alongside us
is a tough fight right it's uh if
they're good enough to slaughter 50
people they're probably good enough to
deal with us yes they're almost
definitely more than one of them for
sure so just some thoughts of course but
if the men were killed and Stern about
randomly it seems as though this wasn't
an ambush at night if the night retained
his sword and his armor seems as though
people probably weren't there to rob
them I think these are a fair conclusion
so far do you think yes well we'll have
to investigate further of uh of what's
been taken and you know the state of the
bodies but I agree that um there is no
intention of robbing well I'm in the
mine possibly if it is some sort of
creature though we should appeal to our
sage here to make sure that we keep our
eyes open so they don't get caught off
guard by the same beast that may have
killed these people
I agree but a creature with who wield
swords I think that is unlikely wait the
guys say 100% did he say sword wounds I
don't remember I just heard him say well
he did not say weapon but not sword okay
okay not not teeth okay well investigate
like a man
Daffy it is important that you select
calming music to sing to us on Travis
okay all right I will I will sing to you
guys
calming music has been requested okay i
wanna i want to serenade the group while
we walk oh yeah
wait I thought she was gonna do a real
life performance yeah she asked him yeah
oh do I have to yes yes you do oh my god
you're not at home just sing to us I
have a didgeridoo and dad plays a flute
so I can't play that for you if you want
yeah yeah yes I have to get it guys can
you guys do something while I'm doing
that it's talk amongst ourselves
Stephens you want to ban for us vamp
mm-hmm once all the time with with just
whatever conversation Oh conversation um
what is Lily's character's damn god damn
it okay I'm ready Oh Toki Toki Toki yeah
that's that's what I wanted the audience
to know okay okay I'm gonna play you
guys a song now yep go mm-hmm
and so on and so on and so forth that
was your son okay you know you could
have just rolled to one but I mean that
works too
I think that I think having an
instrument on hand ads like +5 to my
role for sure okay all right so you guys
arrived at the end of the day takes you
most of the day to get here at lap ah
mine and I will bring you over to the
entrance of it
here are your tokens plus the knight and
his eight soldiers and this is the
entrance black Paul mine lode pops in
for you all oh thanks my character
doesn't have his glasses on ah there
they are okay okay so here is the mind
you everyone should be able to control
their tokens move out as you wish if you
want to go inside buildings let me know
I can move the roof so you can see
what's inside and let's start the
investigation grass hmm Val door I think
it would be wise to clear these
buildings out first before we begin the
rest of our investigation yes you're
right my friend I shall do just that so
over this building signal over two
watches but be like dear guards could
back me up on clearing the buildings to
make sure we're safe to investigate the
night orders his guards to to stand
watch at the the front over here and the
rest of them to go scout off the
buildings that is a watch tower up here
yeah death you see a whole bunch of
blood at the end of the watchtower big
blood there hang on before you guys
investigate lenitra clad in it we've
been traveling for so long I just want
some fun you know splashing the bubble
nice
Wow okay the guards will move through
the buildings and check them they find
them to be empty but somatic purposes
Neil I kick in the door okay you kick in
the door right and do it it's clear yes
this is what the inside of the building
looks like there's no goal just lying
about there is a large blood pool and a
sword left in one spot this looks like a
smelters forge where they would take
iron ore and turn it into iron bars and
then just like call off the rocks and
everything elsewhere and over here my
buttons work you find the barracks and
the quarters there's a ladder that goes
upstairs where there are more beds well
you can see stacks weapons on the rack
you can see four bloodstains over the
you know four beds four of the deep end
yeah I'm going to investigate the bed to
see there's a stab wound through the
body there's no bodies but there's
bloodstains so go ahead and give me what
I mean is through the body into the bed
oh I see no body but it'd be a hole
right why don't you give me a perception
check to get in there and notice real
close like yeah there's there's nothing
you give it a glance at it and it looks
like a pretty torn up bed you're gonna
have a hard time noticing if there's any
stab wounds in here because it's some
poor quality shitty bed that's been you
know Rex for so long I kind of scan
around make eye contact one of the
guards look out and say I I'm just here
to keep them safe I can't see [ __ ]
so I'm gonna it looks open can I take a
can I take a look at the same bed
totally going on yeah I walk out and I
say to the group you guys are good to
investigate I will go up into the
watchtower and look out for day danger
excellent
nebith you see that there are
bloodstains right you know it's right at
the point where the sheets or the
blankets meet the pillows right it's
right at the point where someone's neck
would be is where these bloodstains are
coming from
looks to you like these people had their
throats slit in their sleep and that's
why there are four bloodstains right on
the pillows order yeah uh okay what did
their DMS get this building yeah there's
a big-ass blow such as one it's many
blood stains here it looks like someone
was in some sort of epic battle give me
an investigation check actually okay so
it's a / r d 20s all this if you just
click on the investigation button on
your character sheet it'll do everything
for you Oh nifty okay awesome
so fam yeah so you both take you guys
and it looks like someone has been hit
multiple times and it took them a while
to die like someone was hacked here
pretty heavily I want like a dexter tear
blood splatter analysis was it multiple
people was the person moving around the
room maybe if you'd roll better than a
ten I can give you that well isn't jokey
pretty good I mean she's smart right can
cheat can she look at it sure Choki why
don't you take an investigation oh yeah
you can do the blood spatter analysis
here Toki you're a smart cookie it looks
like there were two figures fighting
here you can see both boot marks in the
blood that kind of skirts it to this
side to that side and their toes are
sort of facing each other so you know
it's definitely two people but all the
blood splatters kind of go against one
wall and not on the other so it looks
like one person got rekt and the other
person probably didn't bleed it all from
the battle okay sounds like straight-up
murder anything by the splatters you can
tell that there were some slashing marks
in here as well but by the you know
large pools of blood clearly someone was
you know gorged and had large amounts
coming out of once if it just been
superficial wounds that they died from
there
it would have plotted and it wouldn't
have been so much everywhere this there
had to be deep wounds and slash wound
okay
worry about can I investigate like the
the rest of the room not just the
bloodstains but yeah yeah investigation
no no just full rolled with your same
investigation for the whole area the
rest of the forged looks pretty
untouched you know it looks in
operational conditions all the tools are
here nothing's been taken away it looks
like it was it's been abandoned in the
middle of use nothing missing so it
hasn't been like stolen nothing was
stolen from it everything's in place
except for the blood in the
swordsmanship correct where are the
bodies this point yeah we're there I
agree we stacked the bodies in the mines
said the night I'll have my men go in
and clear them for you he sends the
troops in to clear the mines they vanish
and the knight will walk with you is the
prince here no question certainly excuse
me is this mine near any type of trade
routes any anywhere where people are
moving in in and out a lot he shakes his
head we're in the middle of [ __ ]
nowhere nothing here for miles no
villages or towns anywhere this is the
closest thing to civilization how do we
deliver it then are we ready
can we go okay we will move into the
mine I will bring you way down here's
where you are and I will stack token
staff Toki nevets vowel door here you
guys go you should all be able to see
now
perfect oh [ __ ] this is cool the Deaf
say that deaf deaf hey real quick just
as an out of character thing right so if
you drag your token around and you just
drag yourself like all the way into a
mine and you run into like 30 creatures
Corbeau will kill you okay just as a
heads up you should be moving your token
that's though you were actually like
yeah moving your dude or are you staying
on the outside are you going in with
them tego and I'll go in I'll move it
but this is a game to be played with our
minds I totally agree
we we work best as a team Baldor let's
go really more of that theater of mine
sort of thing so uh so can we is there
anything to be seen here like this mind
part is pretty brief yeah it seems
pretty empty the one thing you will know
is that there are these lanterns on
either side of the wall
these aren't torches they are glowing
lanterns that shed no heat they're
clearly magical you've seen these things
about there I'm one of these like
mundane magic items that you can get
firm they're kind of pricey they just
like provide a soft amount of light
without any heat you can touch them and
you know mentally command them to dim or
to brighten Wow okay mm-hmm and this -
between any of them you see them
everywhere laid out before you here our
bodies lots and lock body this place is
super [ __ ] up Oh calm them
are there any like tonight my seer clip
oh nice yeah you know what you see some
rats some giant rats sneaking about
nibbling at the ends of the bodies
they're over here munching on someone's
shoulder can I talk to them how would
you talk to the giant rats this may
speak with the animals work on them why
don't you put in to chat and we'll find
out yeah yeah yeah you gained the
ability to comprehend and verbally
communicate with beasts for the duration
the knowledge and awareness of many
beasts is limited by their intelligence
but at minimum they can give you
information about nearby locations and
monsters including whatever they can
perceive or have perceived within the
past day you might be able to persuade a
beast perform small favor for you at the
dm's discretion yeah so you can cast
speak with animals dude do it as a
ritual which takes 10 minutes to cast
but costs no spell slots oh yeah I'm
gonna sit there for 10 minutes you would
look at this rat in the eye and just
make that connection yeah that stares at
you and [ __ ] its head back and forth as
it nibbles on this person until these
spell passes and then it like startles
and looks at you straight in the eyes oh
that's crazy
like I like coy boo role-playing is the
rat that's not like verbally communicate
with Rackham how does this work like my
speaking rat language or like do they
how they talk to the rat in whatever
tongue you want to talk in and the rat
will shirt back at you and you just
understand it okay I want to ask have
you seen anything suspicious here lately
anything out of the ordinary
yeah a bunch of people just came in hey
BJ but you mean just now right oh yeah
yeah okay but like before
right Neil's best Neil okay y'all came
out before tell me about before
yesterday do you remember yesterday
what's yesterday long ago mm-hmm big cat
big cat really big cat never seen
camping happen court
what does it do it came in and it ate a
body it's okay took my food took food
the cat took one of the bodies here
mm-hmm-hmm skinny skinny cat okay okay
all right that's that's it's all right
do you know digging you don't remember
anything else to you dance
[Music]
and they can tell you what they've seen
within the last day within the last 24
hours so its head back and forth he goes
no no that's it just just big cat
stealing food
okay little rad Thank You drifty Thank
You van a little did it just ask me for
cheese I'm carrying like some beans with
me can I can i yeah yeah well bean sky
crawls up to you and begins to crawl on
your leg I'm gonna feed it some beans
okay it will munch on the beans out of
your hands
how does the rest of the party feel
about her talking to a rat cool now
looking on and discuss are you amused
largely uninterested fine what else do
you guys have you seen what else do you
need to know lots of clues yeah can we
take a look at a body and actually see
what kind of wounds the body has on it
absolutely as good investigatory
technique here so give me an
investigation roll everybody that's
looking that body I'm not I'm just
scanning the room checking it okay
11:9 anyone else want to investigate the
body I guess it's just the two of you
okay Torino is a fifteen and that's a
good role so you can tell that the
wounds are all slashing and piercing
they all seem to come from about a
medium-sized blade probably like a your
common arming sword most of these people
were killed in a single well-placed
strike
you know like blow to the throw a blow
to under the arm a blow through the
belly of something like that
a few of these wound bodies have two
wounds but you don't see any bodies here
with free would they've clearly all been
moved because they're stacked here nice
and neatly let's see they definitely did
not die in this spot do hmm let's see
what is the hot you got a 15 do the
attacker whoever was killing these
people was about their same height for
the dwarves that are dead here because
about half the miners are dwarves
it was definitely someone that was
taller so someone about human size or
some people about human size you can
tell that they've been dead for a week
about roughly and I think that's all
we're gonna get with the 15 in wait are
you writing all this down
Geoff yeah written it down I need to
take notes next time I might have a
little blood [ __ ] pan out so I'm
writing stuff down okay um dead bodies
for sure what about around it like are
there any are there any clues around the
bodies like not them themselves they had
the rest of the mind sure why don't you
spread out searched mine find something
interesting and we can talk about it or
hear Toki why don't you go
go north and and nevets can go to do
over there should I give you a passive
perception check Neil just I'm looking
around the room for security purposes
but what if I see something to
everything yeah I would prefer
perception check but just a general
perception or investigation role
whichever you feel is more appropriate
so is there a reason why I'm not
supposed to be able to see a pass like
to the southeast of my character there's
just no source of light there you just
run out it's like when you get a torch
or something holy crap fell do er yet
you see all sorts of [ __ ] if you get a
torch or something you can see that area
no problem okay
Can I grab I say good yeah I grab a
light source of some sort
see I orbit the room but it turns out
I'm really on point do we have torches
is this is yes yeah I will give you
light sources on your tokens if you pick
up one of these lanterns that are on the
wall yeah yeah so you can now see and
where it is our fearless here we go oh
there you go now you both have light
sources that will move around with you
before we split up you know the party
like we always have a key word or a key
call when we do split up if anyone's in
any trouble we do a loud bird call aloud
that's our signal okay that's your
signal always our signal yes I know
who's near I wrote 20 you rolled
amazingly so you noticed a couple of
things right off the bat a warrior like
you picks us up right away the all of
the miners tools are neatly stacked in
these racks up here in this area to the
the north of where you are there's the
there's axes there's picks there's all
sorts of mining equipment they're all
put away carefully there's not a lick of
blood on any of them you will see also
that everything seems to be intact
through some of these areas and no
crates are broken into there's like a
small office to the northwest that is
still intact all the papers are there
the drawers are still closed if you open
the drawers you'll even find some cash
in there that no one has taken or looked
for let's see no money supplies or tools
are missing you will note to yourself
that you haven't seen any animals around
and usually a mine like this would have
at least like one horse for writing and
maybe some oxen to pull carts or
something but none of those are anywhere
near to be found you find a ledger with
like all the details and all the
information that you would have in a
mind like operational charts
expenditures shipments I believe you're
illiterate so you can't read it but it's
a useful bit of tooling I think you're
illiterate now most people are
illiterate unless they are fancy pantsy
it's a common thing nothing to be
ashamed of here I'm I'm literate yes
what have you found over here death a
whole [ __ ] ton of things I found a lot
of blood very much play yeah can I
invest it around this room here
definitely give me an investigation Jack
all right it's coming in now yeah this
is definitely where everyone was killed
here you can find a couple of weapons
they look like guards weapons right near
the front door front entrance to this
area and everything else is most of the
blood is towards the back it looks like
most people were in this room when they
were killed some were in the other room
and there are footprints coming in and
out here the boots tell you it's a
medium-sized creature and with a 17 you
can see that the boot size is about the
same across the board you know that it
sits in blood so it's hard to measure if
it's the exact same boots I
or if there's like a slight variation
but they're all about the same size okay
and I also found a weapon or some
weapons over here - can I inspect those
yeah you can let's see the those look
like guards spears or halbert's
here and it looks like they were just
left here where they were killed as
presumably while the bodies removed away
both the weapons have blood on them but
only one of them has blood on like V all
the way around the tip right they both
been kind of lying in blood one of them
looks like it's actually wounded
somebody the other one doesn't look like
it wounded anybody at all yeah and it's
about this point where you hear some
shouts and cries coming from the
entrance to the mine and one of the
guards is booked in it your way I'm
going to go head over there pretty
quickly yeah same okay the wounded guard
makes his way towards you guys coming HP
visible so you can see it the wounded
guard is running your direction going
shouting as you can see - mountain lions
slowly stalking after this person and I
think it's at the point where we should
take our first break and when we come
back from break we'll fight some
mountain lions or you know whatever you
want to commune with them commune maybe
their friends yeah please don't tell us
what we're gonna do you don't know yeah
maybe I'll just time to tree and it'll
be fine I think that's always a good
strategy
yeah yeah this is actually a no fighting
campaign so where we do it we have a
vegetarian with us so yeah okay all
right we'll be back in five minutes or
ten minutes peace out or don't be so
sorry alright roll initiative you don't
have to fight it but you have to roll
initiative okay well how do we how do we
roll it just so you're gonna click on
your token and you're gonna you don't
you're going to flick all you're an open
your character sheet and click the
initiative button did it work no almost
I keep saying we wanted us and the
result of this roll of the turn tracker
but no valid - OH
where are you seeing this initiative
thing uh in the character sheet oh I
think I said mountain his Lauren's are
rolling pretty bad yeah they did not do
so well alright and our guard and our
Knights will also roll in here guard
rolls a fiver night rolls a 19-8 'no
okay
descending initiative order val-d'or you
are the first one to act you see two
mountain lions coming down the hallway
prowling the card that has approached
you is clearly wounded by one of these
mountain lion I'm gonna attempt here
mm-hmm
oh one one lesson you can do thirty feet
I believe right there yeah that seems
good hold action attack okay next up is
V night and he will also go he'll move
up to beside you like he will have to
use his action to get there so he can't
do anything the first mountain lion
prowls back and forth in front of you
I'm looking at you considering the meal
before
you're both heavily armored you both
have shields
you both have swords mountain lions not
particularly happy about the situation
so I'm gonna have it make a morale check
to see if it is hungry enough to go
after such a heavily armed person as
yourself the mountain lion passes his
morale check with flying colors and will
leap to attack guy on the Left guy on
the right guy on the left but as he gets
here you're held action will go off make
an attack into the mountain line 10 no
dice mountain lion has higher ec than
that your attack misses and the mountain
lion will does will bite should it take
some running foot it can leap 25 feet
that moves 20 feet it can and then hits
with a claw right so it's going to leap
and back at the night to try and knock
him down and a 24 is gonna do it for 5
points of damage and the night will have
to make a strength saving throw or be
knocked prone and the night fails with
the natural one and just gets knocked to
the ground hmm if the target is not
prone lion can make one bite attack
against it as a bonus action than the
liner like a cash grab charger my bad
so our night has taken five damage and
let's put that place see it it's fine
close enough
daph you are next hello okay um I ache
to use the spell dissonant whispers this
thing yes so is there a saving throw
involved or how's it work tell us how it
works
dissonant can I read it to you is that
okay awesome dissonant whispers is a
level one spell first of all and I have
to find it in my little thing here first
ctrl F the Frick I can't find it
where is it Zach Hey okay well basically
it's like okay it does make you whisper
it's just melody that only one creature
of your choice within range can hear the
target makes a wisdom saving throw on a
field save it takes 3d6 psychic damage
and must immediately use its reaction to
move as far as its speed allows away
from you all right so line will make a
wisdom say which is a four I believe
that is a fail so it has to use its
reaction to move away tackle opportunity
you used your reaction when you ready
your attack unfortunately no I am a
reaction by being you know what you're
right according to the rules is written
it's not but I liked your way of doing
it better
yeah let's do it that way go ahead and
make your exact copy you hit very
strongly third nine points of damage the
line will take nine as it retreats back
I rolled two ones on accident oopsies
uh-uh you rolled a seven the first time
when you cast it I'm just gonna keep
yourself oh oh I didn't okay I'm sorry
I'm still Aldean Toki
Oh 30 30 feet which is no you can move
25 cuz you're a dwarf right so 25 feet
is gonna be five hexes around here
mm-hmm I'm just gonna move there then
what yeah actually can I use I don't
know the pronounces show like shillelagh
it's a that's a bonus action I just use
that make my staff super cool anyway put
it in chat for us click the like the
shillelagh button so that is a move and
a bonus action what would you like to do
with your action action oh wait the move
is into action mm-hmm you get to move in
action and a bonus action I just like
ready myself because they can't get
ready you can use your action to keep
moving if you want I'm gonna do another
movement so you can move another one
I've squares Texas perfect by the way
like right now you Texas five feet so if
my moose feet I didn't hear the question
what was the question there death oh
just however you answered it so with a
speed of 25 am i clear to move can you
see where I'm hovering I cannot see
where you're hovering okay right there
if you 50 yes be a double move okay
if I understand my cunning correctly I
think I can use my bonus action
to move another 25 feet and then ready
an attack here is that okay yep that is
good okay attack is ready all right
the whoops the second lion sees the
first one run and isn't certain about
this anymore it's a little bit scary so
it's going to back off
not like a running back off but more of
like a I'm casually walking away from
this party it doesn't really matter I'm
just going to slink away and they lose
the guard runs further inside the mine
to catch his breath
they'll do or you're next so charger
when you use your action - - which means
I double move right mm-hmm I'm gonna go
60 feet mm-hmm I actually get to attack
at the end of that it's your gym is 10
feet in this straight line so it has to
be a straight line before taking the
bonus action game +5 bonus to the attack
and then if I hit I think I push 10 feet
yeah you're gonna do that cuz the lion
is exactly the distance for you yeah
right this is kind of a no don't charge
on it and right at the lions rear
totally won't fly breathe in yeah the +5
disc I don't think it adds this oh my
god it doesn't even freakin matter wrong
doesn't an actor it is a double crit
it's amazing 18 oh how do you how do you
roll Oh
because you've crit on a 19 that's how
you great when they're not equal numbers
excellent 18 damage to the line which
will actually just outright kill it it
automatically fails that saving throw
and gets push back 10 feet yep so I like
swing so hard and cut it in half that
it's body parts sprays on the other line
also just as a reminder right if that
charge worked the same way as that bonus
so what I had I think the plus 5 is on
the damn rail right
the hit role or am I wrong on that the
attacks damage Earl you're right
actually my battle because we had one of
those swords on the last camp Henry
playing yeah yep good moment so it's not
under hits it's the damage
all right so instead of being 18 damage
it's 23 I want the corpse to it holy
[ __ ]
the other night gets to his feet which
takes half his movement and then he
grumpily you know he's feels a little
embarrassed here charges down here after
you and gets to about there uh let's see
whoops no my mouse is double clicking
that's a dead lion Daffy it's your turn
[Music]
I will use another spell is I'm gonna
use just me whispers again okay
Casta the first level smells lot you got
to get within range of being able to
actually see the lion though okay um I
will move up but also what does that do
right whisper words and it does three
six damage oh it does three six damage
can you run away a lion from there yes
yes yes I think what you get 30 30 feet
of uh that's 5 X 6 X is for you okay I
moved 3 so 4 I think so I'll move can I
see a diet a lion yet I don't know can
you see a lion maybe I can just no I
can't I can't
all right so you got to keep moving well
good
I'll just uh anymore unless I can use my
other action or my interaction to - yeah
OH - will -
dirty feet is a truth yep mm-hmm
he'll get a lot faster about this once
he can get used to it yeah yeah yeah
so I end my turn there yes excellent
Toki you want to move twice to get those
closest I can sure that's a one move
right there that is a second move right
there all right nevets I will move them
um only 50 feet so yep did you're a
small guy yeah and then already yeah I
guess yeah sure the lion sees what's up
and sees its companion its mate
dead and decides to [ __ ] off it turns
around and bolts like a kitty cat
moving at a hunt it's based move is 50
so when it dashes it goes a hundred
actually flees the mine I'm curious on
my cunning since I could take a bonus
action too - can I also take an action
action too - like could I move a full 75
feet or can you only do that like we
have House ruled that away okay I got
you that damn right yeah the lion please
and I don't think any of you can catch
it none of you are fast enough so we can
just step out of combat right here it
escapes but you are left with one dead
lion in your mind yay are there outside
I guess we gotta see what just keeps
running here yeah then there were two
guards outside one wounded one came back
in so as if you go poke your head out
you will find a dead guard outside the
mine dude do we have like a whole den we
only eight nights with us are eight
guards with us right the other six are
inside the mind clearing the the deeper
parts of it to make sure there's no
inside gotcha
I assume we get back to our
investigation I'll just keep my eye on
this towel in case the lion gets brave
again oh yeah can i I want to look at
Toki and I'm not sure I don't think I've
ever seen her kill an animal before
I see an animal die so I want to I want
to look at her and examine if she's like
unaffected or if she's sad by it you
know motions just a dead animal all
animals die avenged you know damn what a
badass so I hold my hand out to shake
your hand shake it shake it back yeah
there was there's blood on my palm and
I'm like so now you can turn into a lion
as I understand it that's not how this
works
listen I don't know magic but I think
you can turn into a lion I kind of
awkwardly wiped the blood on my cloak
and just give him like a half nod like
you know like that how quick to be
useful more than a rabbit you keep
turning into a rabbit I'm not sure what
that's all about good good I I have a
history with rabbits one of these days
if we ever get closer I will tell you my
stuff okay I don't think flirting right
now is appropriate but I hear you all
right the night gets to his feet dust
himself off goes well I may be those
sorts of creatures or what did this
morning make sense why they wouldn't
have taken anything of value
what but the mountain lions yes
what about them maybe that's what kills
all these people no they use weapon
weapons is what killed the people back
there and mountain lions do not wield
weapons unless they can turn into you
ever seen him a mountain lion who wields
a sword
yes in Lions were just here to eat the
dead bodies mmm III believe that this
this was done by humans
definitely humans who would want to do
this to to these people that is it
that's the mystery isn't it our
investigation was interrupted
so if if you'll allow us to get back to
it sure
and you guys have searched this area
well enough now that I'm you're just
gonna turn off the like fancy lighting
stuff because you've seen everything so
no need to move your characters around
anymore we'll just look at the whole map
for the theater of the mind yeah thank
God yeah yeah I wanna I want to move my
character around for the immersion then
go for it oh wow what's going on with
your screen there
I know that's my [ __ ] you got going on
looks like my mind's theater is a quite
[ __ ] yeah that you might want to
refresh uh that is the weirdest bug I've
ever seen what's wrong with it do you
guys all have like weird vision II
looking things oh yeah yeah yeah well
rule 20 present I think when you turn
off the light it uh it made it go so
easy left the light in the same position
and okay that's good all right much
better so you can see the refreshed
assists anything important this desk and
yeah that looks like the Foreman's
office it's just kind of tucked away
here you've got boxes and crates filled
with supplies that desk drawers have
documents in them some books are lying
on the floor like they've been knocked
aside there's a little bit of money
within the desk there's some wine
there's all sorts of supplies that a
foreman would you well the documents
important thing sure you are literate
because you are fancy pantsy noble if
you see like how much ore has been
pulled out how much iron has been pulled
from the ore and shipped there's a list
of regular shipments and exact weights
on how much it has been there's a little
document for the costs and operations
when people get paid how much food has
been consumed
you've got like all the business C ends
of things here why don't you give me an
investigation check while you look at
that ledger to see if you can find
anything
I um what can you tie what I'm looking
at I don't know how to like make a thing
oh no no it's the the pointer and then
you just click and hold wait what if
you're on the pointer icon tool and you
click and hold somewhere it'll oh do you
see where I'm pinging yeah yeah see
we're pinging scale that is a minecart
right over next to a collapsed area it
looks like it's empty at the time yeah
you have any other anyone else have any
other questions about the mine so did
you get that tip my investigation took
bring up anything perfect yes your
investigation check shows a fairly
productive mine on the date in question
when like they should have had a
shipment it looks like there is a box of
stuff all ready to go in fact it's the
box right next to you
these boxes are packed with iron ready
to be shipped out and it says like ready
to be shipped out actually it's a few
days before the mine actually was
supposed to ship them let's take a look
at the timeline of events here because
timelines are always important in
investigation the it's a one-day trip
from the mine to the town and five days
ago is when the mind should have been
sent this shipment and it said looks
like the shipment was ready to go nine
days ago so it wasn't sent nine days ago
but it should have been sent five days
ago
that makes sense or doesn't make sense
as it may be still it was ready to ship
90s I know it could happen ship but it
wasn't ship mm-hmm and five days ago is
same ship and arrived on the same day
yeah
okay okay okay so what do you guys think
well the party gather in the middle and
discuss their theories thoughts ideas
before we do that can I
I assume like can I do like a once-over
of the whole I mean I assume I don't see
anything else of note
it looks pretty pretty like a pretty
basic mind you know whatever mm-hmm mr.
eyed so it's kind of disappointing I'm
gonna pull an A with all the clues that
I think you've found thus far in the
discourse well cool I see some like a
some whole looking thingies I would ping
it but I haven't figured out how to yet
but I know it'll come it'll come soon
what does this thing I'm thinking over
here what is this hold on let me just
give you your clues
[Music]
pick
a little bit of formatting so it's easy
just there you go that that is the list
of clues of the body the body is the
mine and the logs and ledger okay what
are you guys trying to look at I
destiny was looking at like a damn
lookin thing there is like a sluice over
here and there seems to be some sort of
mechanism to allow water to move from
one side to the other and a whole bunch
of buckets nearby that you could use to
fill water and give it to the minors to
drink why you would have a sluice in a
mine I think is beyond you you're not a
miner you're a street rat what was so
funny about that riffraff
I was just laughing at your street right
yeah you're you're like a lot about you
waiting thank you okay so the bar thing
that this loot whatever the [ __ ] there
is a ladder gate that like above the
ladder all right do you know the top
button the one that looks like an arrow
on the upper left side of the screen
yeah if you're on that one just click
and hold somewhere on the map okay okay
yeah yeah very very much that there is
the stopping mechanism at the end of a
mine tracks that way because it goes
downhill a little bit and if someone
loses control the minecart that way it
won't like run off the rails and smash
into the mind
it just keeps the minecarts in place
Thank You Adam my brain registered it as
a ladder is interesting it kind of looks
like a ladder I'll give it to you and
then they're these little box looking
things around I'll ping it once I find
one I
Oh oh there might okay you could ride
them yeah so the tools are all neatly
put back in the one room right all of
them are they're all neatly stacked away
what does that mean why are all the
tools stacked away let's theory cry yes
do you guys have any ideas as to what
you think happened here well they
weren't killed here right we just know
they were killed in that room that seems
to be there's a lot of blood to our
right so obviously there was some murder
going on you know over there feels like
an execution like they were brought
together into a room slaughter than the
laid out here it seems like there was
there were some actual fights like the
miners did put up a fight though well it
doesn't look like the miners yeah do you
think it's possible that they were were
they forced to work on some project
before being killed baby that a true
because they didn't they didn't send out
that uh meant when they when they should
have cat did you turn on the voice
activation thing again obviously we
don't hear it when you say that like
three words we'll hear the second and
third word prick okay well what I said
didn't matter anyway so but uh I
regretted it after I said it so my
microphone was doing me a favor yes yeah
thank you sorry about that
dumb
well we know that some people were
killed outside in their beds there were
four people killed in their beds
mm-hmm-hmm we know that everybody was
corralled into a couple rooms and then
killed by a select few people well we
don't know that they were corralled
necessarily we don't know that
which means to me again execution yeah
what um how else would they have all
gotten into the room maybe they were
chased in there people people came and
they ran you know I find it a bit
unlikely that everybody was chased a
single room who is Kelvin do sleep four
were killed in their sleep yes very good
Toki hmm
being crawled is probably the most
likely thing
well can we investigate the body anymore
sure I don't know yeah good um what are
you looking for on the body is there
something specific you're looking for or
you just kind of just want to run
another check on them I want to run
another check sure you can stand around
and all four of you look at the bodies
you got time there's nothing really
pressing here let's see you will see
that there are no scraps of cloth that
don't belong there's no like evidence
that is lying here that shouldn't be
here no um nothing that would have
gotten from the attackers to the the
victims there's no fur or hair near any
of the wounds so it looks like sorry Oh
list let's see
and doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
can I get I'm gonna need someone to make
me a medicine check to really like
investigate the you know at the the time
the time line of death down problem on
have very high medicine [ __ ] so yeah a
little of it 17 yeah with the 17 you
can't pin down the exact day that they
were dead
but it looks to be about a week since
they were alive 20 won't wait I did well
cater you know why does daffy know so
much about dead bodies that he can
pinpoint with surprising accuracy when
they died ask the dice no I'm asking you
why do you know this about that body how
much time have you spent around dead
bodies daph is there something Daffy
used to be a he used to work in these
kind of businesses and he had to kill
you no he was he was a mercenary of
sorts at some point so yeah usually
murderers kill somebody and walk away
from little bodies not like get okay
okay I wasn't able to pinpoint it okay
come on talk to yourself out of a good
roll oh my god okay that's the opposite
direction
dead bodies quite well because I spent a
lot of time old I was always wait okay
so we're in imagine you can literally
say anything right now yeah all she can
think about right now is Korean barbecue
this has already lost okay so I was a
mercenary and I killed I used to I used
to loot bodies often but I also did
investigation things like I was at one
point the the person who who like it was
kind of a shock you know when I was an
assistant I was the assistant to the
person who had two men the the time the
body was killed I know
so it sounds like Justin weird it feels
like the actual answer she's embarrassed
to say or something quits roll plucking
she's like I have sex it sounds like
Daffy used to loot dead bodies and got
pretty good at estimating how long they
had been dead because Daffy moved from
corpse to corpse Mike would come to a
battle like four days after it happened
to loot bodies comes to another one six
days after it happens to loot the bodies
and slowly develop the time for like oh
yeah this body's been dead for seven
days his body's been dead for eight days
because you've seen so many dead bodies
because you've looted them so much how
about that thank you okay yeah yeah that
exactly that's exactly what I was
thinking cool that's what I felt like
you were getting to be you're missing
the words yeah these bodies have been
dead for eight days is the Cal tricks
over her guys he's still in here he is
he is pacing around waiting sir Cal Cal
Drake silver horn kettle silver horn how
important was your uncle as a man is his
death going to leave this mine and
disarray or is he easily replaced his
death will it is tragic for our family
and to his mistress his wife is long ago
dead the mine will fall to whoever
inherits it and suppose if they can get
new miners and it can be up and running
quite quickly does it look like anything
was taken
should be able to just replace the
personnel and get back to work
immediately no lost production at all
where was Lord silver Helms body her
outside Lord Silver Ferns body found
here in the room the bloody room we took
his body home without his mistress would
like to have it
that's not I kind of weird but for
burial that was out of character quaver
damn whose train is in the background oh
my god I'm losing my train of thought so
[Music]
yeah we search the dead bodies I think
we've exhausted our search of the dead
body types of clues like hey there were
clothes right yeah well let's see the
clothing is ripped open and sort of like
slashing and stabbing marks these
slashing and stabbing marks seem to come
from something like an arming sword
there's one wound on most people some
have two none of them have three these
slashing and stabbing marks look like
they come from a person of average
height no one especially tall or
especially short all of the attackers
seem to be wearing boots bodies at a
dead for eight days no signs of fur or
hair on or near any of the wounds and no
scraps of cloth from an attacker okay
can we are wait are there like weapons
like did can we search their pockets or
bags are there weapons or anything on
the bodies they don't have pockets they
don't have bags their pockets have small
personal effects most of them are empty
some of them have some lint some of them
might have a few copper coins here there
but pretty much nothing because they're
working in the mine all the time that's
not much use carrying things pockets
they have absolutely no weapons on them
whatsoever can we take the copper that
was on their bodies yes you want to do
that while this night is standing here
yeah we're not gonna yeah for sure
ha hmm okay well I'd imagine if somebody
was trying to sabotage the shipment they
would have done something to destroy
more of the mine they would have either
sabotage the tools or they would have
taken
itself well let me ask you a question
why might somebody do this hmm
why would somebody kill everyone here
and not take any of their [ __ ] - what
was that - cover up a rap another crime
that took place here crime of
trespassing well why don't you guys
write down some ideas huh someone jots
out down possible reasons for this
murder and you can go through them and
eliminate them one by one and then you
can form a list of suspects maybe they
were trying to feed the mountain lions
maybe druids didn't don't possible
reasons for the crime to cover up
another crime with an even bloodier one
it's a good reason why else might
someone else might someone or some group
do this maybe uh maybe it was a group of
ex miners or something like that
some people that used to work for it and
had a personal vendetta against them so
some sort of like revenge yeah
vengeance sort of thing it's too
organized not a crime of passion their
weapon their tools have put away they
were organized into rooms they were
stabbed once maybe twice never three it
was how is that possible how could
everyone be put into a room without any
of their tools which are like picks and
shovels pretty decent weapons and then
be killed what we immediately toss out
the idea that they were all chased
randomly and it was happened
yes yes we know no mass suicide oh okay
you ever tried to stab yourselves yeah
no it couldn't have been suicide because
they were cleanly cut weren't kill
from range what about like maybe the
reason they had no weapons on them was
because they were going like maybe it
happened at night they were heading back
to the to the bed or they were brought
in their beds yes mm-hmm but then why
would they want me kill for in there
Edie they're killed by someone there was
some resistance put up in this in this
small area right that's why their
weapons on the ground and we saw that
some or no yeah there were two weapons
in that room they look like guards
weapons like guard Spears as if there
were two guards in that room with all
the other people maybe once the killing
started they knew that their only chance
was to defend themselves mm-hmm so looks
like we've got some good clues as to why
someone might have done this now let's
talk about possible suspects there are
three things to consider when looking
for a suspect means motivation and
opportunity first one means who does
someone have the ability to actually do
this who could actually kill all of
these people a motive does do they have
a reason to do this who would benefit
from this who would want to kill all of
these people and an opportunity who is
in the right place at the right time to
be able to do this those three things
will lead you hopefully to all of your
suspect well we know that they didn't
get a shipment out on time mm-hmm right
we know that so we also found guards
weapons in the thing so could it have
been who killed them could it have been
like an inside job type of thing mm-hmm
doesn't inside job makes sense does that
fit with the clues
maybe well the weird thing is how would
how would a roomful of people be
executed by like a like a very small
number of people like and that makes me
feel like it makes me lean to it's some
sort of magic or drug or something like
I don't understand how that many people
could be killed without like fighting
aliens or something right well they were
all cornered right backed into a narrow
area so it's not like they could if
there was a fight in here huh you know
if there's thirty if there's forty some
dead people whoever's in the flip this
passageway is only five feet wide here
and six feet wide here you know
yeah but they could charge the guy right
perhaps listen man didn't you watch the
Chernobyl show the miner dudes are tough
people they really just cower in the
corner and get killed one by one
probably not it's a good point but I
don't know if that Chernobyl specials
aired yet in this world so maybe the
miners aren't brave I'm not sure these
guys are wearing clothes yeah Noble
isn't out yet so so they're definitely
not motivated to fight back yet or be
cool well I would but I don't know I'm
stuck on why would guards weapons be
here is there any other reason like were
there guards at this act of mine when it
happened
or was it only the miners yeah they're
in charge of the mind and the mines
security was a single night and eight
guards and then all the miners died too
and then all the miners the foremen cook
yeah
so going back to the miners being
defensive that they fought back which
seems reasonable who could have taken
them on somebody really strong or a
group of people really strong based on
the records that we were given and the
understanding I guess that a mountain
lion is taken at least one body or all
the other bodies accounted for ooh great
question I think I counted like 50 out
there okay so everybody is a kind of fun
yes all eight guards are accounted for
the night is accounted for the Cook is
missing but the foreman the smelters and
the workers are all here
additionally the Lord who is visiting is
missing but we already know that he was
taken away how long is this wise how
long how long is this mine operated for
a couple hundred years how often does
the Lord visit you can ask his nephew
here who tells you that he checks all of
the mines rarely I'm just coming by once
in a blue moon to make sure everything
is running smoothly what did I bet like
he delegates it to other people but I
believe there was a new night here the
name the young one Kel felt he was a she
was new to the area
just recently knighted somewhat last
month by Lord silver horn and given
command of the mine perhaps he was here
to check up on would it have been known
that he was travelling here in advance
at least 24 hours in advance that's a
question for his mistress my uncle and I
don't see eye to eye or speak very often
so we can rule out a backstab or some
sort of inside job if every single
person here on the - Dead I think we can
comfortably say that nobody would stage
an inside job that wounded up with them
being killed unless they were
backstabbed by the people that they
helped organize it with right the cook
we can assume is the one taken by the
mountain
so yeah hmm
now what isn't here that you might
expect to be here what is missing from
this picture tools for sure all the
tools are accounted for but they're not
on any of the people it is suspicious I
mean in a mod like ours all the I don't
know like all the all those stuff they
mind is that still here because it
wasn't it wasn't shipped out right yeah
everything is still here so it wasn't
just a group of fools
it's all accounted for everything is
here mm-hmm where else can you go lose
you seem to at least for now have
exhausted the clues here where else
might you be able to find clues to this
mmm massacre well I mean I think that I
think the whole mine we we searched
right outside of the mine I guess I mean
I guess we should just look more outside
right there has to be more sure why
don't we step back outside yeah feel
like I'm at school it's all right that's
the first it's your first investigation
your first real investigation if it was
easy it'd be boring yeah it's fun we
just got to figure it out there's more
clues to be found we're fine uh we
if this was just they corralled someone
in into a certain place and then killed
them there why would there be blood
right here hmm why would some excellent
question someone using your checks it
looks like - someone's died here
actually there's big blood pools two of
them hey were you gonna say something
really all right so everyone was killed
in a pretty orderly fashion except for
those two and there's blood over here -
mm-hmm
so it seems like this possibly could
have been some sort of like staged
ambush right if they carefully went
after the people on the watchtower
killed four people sleeping and then the
night or whatever on guard out here yeah
this and then they made their way into
the mine yeah
and I'm the one here they weren't killed
in the watchtower they were killed at
the base of the watchtower does that is
that significant or is that the same
same um it probably just means the
people on watch started to run down
right because the are they is this like
a stair stairway is that this yeah
so soon they saw the people coming and
then started a run down and got killed
right here yeah
did research inside the watchtower
already we did yeah yeah there's nothing
up there it looks completely fine mmm
interesting in-game the Sun is getting
low the night with you Cal silver horn
offers to suggest that we make camp
he'll have one of his men could use the
kitchen in the house over here to set
things up and get everyone some food and
yeah maybe you guys can resume the
search in the morning the Sun is getting
low and with that why don't we go to our
second break yeah all right I'll be back
hello everybody and welcome back to
updates and Men mm-hmm your night passes
uneventful E you wake up in the morning
one of the guards is cooking some basic
meager meals and Kel silver horn is
pacing back and forth staring at the sky
okay
well have you figured it out or at least
most importantly is that mine in any
future danger because if it's not then
well we can reopen it that's all that
really matters
Neal as of right now it's it's too soon
to tell but we will we will let you know
we are going to investigate more today
and hopefully come up with more of a
firm answer for you regarding that
matter I want to look into the way he
said that
don't you mean insight check he seems
impatient like he just wants to get the
[ __ ] out of here I kind of look at him
then I'm sitting eating a blood orange
which is my compromise with Toki cuz I'm
a sensitive guy too and I'm kind of like
what is so there's a lot of these Minds
right so this one's shut down for a
period of time it's again adjust your
briefs staffed and then it goes back to
work immediately there's nothing missing
or anything like that if there's nothing
missing I see no reason why whoever
whoever's mine this is now will can't
just restart it so the MIS shipment is
that gonna cost the prince some things
like how much does that cost it's still
here in the mine only lose the yeah it
will just be late
um and so all of the mines around here
there are many right how many are there
total oh I need to look that information
up hold on it has there are three mining
villages each with like form three to
four mines off of them so let's say a
ten mines in the area okay um and
the prints they all they all all of
these minds work under the government
right they all work under the prints
they all work for the same guy no no
each mine is owned by someone and they
they pay a reasonable amount of taxes on
up the food chain I believe a some of
the mines are owned directly by the
Prince and a few other families owned a
few of the other okay but your uncle's
dead yes he is unfortunately dead does
that mean you own ax no I would have to
look into the Rite of succession I'm not
sure he has no next of he has no
children and his wife is dead I pulled
out my sword declared mystery-solving I
decapitated so then I laid the groupers
Hey no kidding I don't think you
understand the types of campaigns fully
within the realm of possibility now with
me
so what was it hit horribly what was the
last person to come to this minded that
did the did the cook guy do they have
shipments of food that come in who was
the last person to visit this mine that
actually saw him like up and running
before everybody was killed I have no
idea
okay would we be able to find inside
there was a ledger I believe that we
found that show yeah
would that ledger have information about
of the last person to visit the mine was
yes Kenny the foreman kept detailed
notes on everything that happened here
at the mine the last if you go through
the legend the last person that visited
was Lord silver Horne himself and there
is no note of anyone visiting after him
he arrived do lord silver horn arrived
ten days ago t minus 10 and Lord Lord
silver horn was the the owner is that is
that correct correct ten days ago he
visited nine days a lot of [ __ ] and I
was ready and eight days ago they were
killed why was he here for two days I
have no idea he's my uncle he's not me
does a couple of just alleged provide
any details about what he would have
been doing here what Lord silver home
was doing here Kenny no did only Lord
silver horn here to introduce the new
knight and oversee operations for a
while
this new Knight quell thoroughly what do
we know about her huh oh let's see
says he'll silver horn mm-hmm hey I
don't know much about her I only know
that she was newly knighted perhaps in
the last month or so again members of my
uncle's household would know more
details about his personal life than I
would as I said we we didn't often see
eye to eye
do we know what Carol's body was yes he
was killed here he we found it here he
points to the spot in the poet wait am i
I'm sorry was Carol doe he or she she
Kel derald was killed here and we
brought her body inside or at least we
found her body here so Carol the new
night that was just brought here the the
most recent thing to change about this
mine was killed outside in an area
separate from everybody else wait he was
killed in an area sever forever she yes
I don't see gender so she does though
and she has to be respected I'm gonna is
one of the guards in the room yes I look
at his head where the sword is we kind
of sort is it the guards with that you
brought with you yep they they're
carrying Spears not swords hmm it was
definitely all right definitely is yes
definitely
he's a knight he uses a sword what kind
of sword farming sword the most common
type of sword around I have sold we're
done
roll credits what is this sword Cueva
that's an arming sword okay I want to
ask the the person we're talking to
mm-hmm horn man yes um so you say that
you did not see eye to eye with your
uncle what what was your bombs with him
excuse me see I died with him what I've
heard you madam sir Neil yeah yeah just
because yeah it's confusing for us too
Neil sorry having also watched the wire
I'm going to employ a tactic here I'm
gonna stand up I hand toki the blood
orange okay good and I'm gonna rip my
sword out and say you sir have a beef
with your uncle for ownership of this
mine with the people's slaughter that
comes to you tell me why you are not
guilty of this crime I'm trying to
intimidate it give me an intimidation
check oh that is that is a that is a
certain way to go Devin assembled many
arms and looks to his own weapon puts
his hand on it and doesn't draw it all
the way if it brings it like a few
inches out of its sheath and goes sir
that's right you are not a knight
look here fellow I could cut you down
where you stand my men will rip you to
shreds I recommend you put that weapon
away if you are going to try and
interrogate me furthermore beyond
reproach
and I will not stand for this nonsense
he gives a whistle mix of motion and
starts walking out with the rest of his
Stern he ignores you and keeps walking
you gonna have to follow him if you like
wait what he's leaving you just accused
him of murdering his uncle I want to run
up to him and and and try to stop him
and say sir Sir excuse me our our muscle
there he he often thinks with his Welt
sword he said of his brain you know
something I very much apologize for his
actions
I very much apologize for his actions
and I I do not condone his actions back
there I I am not accusing you of
anything writers
some questions to ask you if you please
answer them so we can get to the bottom
of this mystery and keep the mine up and
running and get it back to its original
state as soon as possible I'm not
spending another night in this
godforsaken hellhole I'm leaving out if
you want to ask me questions
you can come back to the capital and ask
them there Neal out a game is that night
with an N or K that is night with a K
really doesn't even make sense
I don't know if we're gonna find there
any more answers here maybe we should go
and talk
can I try to diplomacy can I persuade
him to stay kiss his feet up to his
knees he'll stop you you can try
whatever you want but he's booking it
right now he's been deeply offended and
he likes socially outranks two guys by a
lot so he is [ __ ] what to try to run
for him again and and try to stop him
and use use my persuasion skill
persuaded to stay sure sure give me your
best persuasion roleplay and then roll
it afterwards
or vice versa whichever way you think
it's gonna work better Stephen get the
best [ __ ] shadows guys parties
usually figure it out guy the chance
thank you guys
damn it's ah what happened I was as
smart as I am lonely too oh yeah over
horn please III beg you to stay I deeply
apologize for for my for my employees
actions and I do not condone anything
that he has done I I know you care
deeply about your uncle despite the
problems you may have had and I want is
this your company he interrupts you is
this your company or business but if
people might apologize for his actions
you will fire him in media
we do it safe deal
he crosses his arms and waits to watch
you fire him okay I want to walk over to
him the nightfall is with you two here
in person how do you keep romantic Bell
bell door bell door alert with you it's
hardly ever a word but sure I regret to
inform you
perhaps I kind of uh run up in here
between the two
perhaps it's good if all of us allow our
heads to cool and we revisit this issue
in a few days we can allow these men to
return to the capital we'll continue our
investigation here before we make any
hasty decisions that we might regret we
could chat with each other again at a
later date the night leaves all I was I
don't think we want to start that type
of conflict if he sees him walking
around with us he who knows what he'll
do
I agree with you however that is not how
we operate around here all right it was
it was quite the spectacle it was pretty
funny that you had that you drew your
sword and and threatened him in front of
his his eight guards you know thinking
you stood a chain however seven guards
one died to a mountain lion that I
basically eviscerate to read missed I'm
not too worried about the guards okay
well no you're right it was a bold move
but we were not getting too far into
this I have seen enough evidence to
believe that he did murder his Uncle Joe
in this mine well while I agree with you
I think that accusing him outright like
that is not the way to get a confession
an answer or anything else out of him so
I assume or I request that in the future
you are less bold with your actions as
amazing as it was take your request up
with human resources which I believe is
Toki I'm human resources
maybe we should maybe we should find the
mistress to try and ask her some
questions it doesn't seem like we're
gonna get much farther here at this mine
I agree I also agree yep you can only
get so far into a mine you reach the end
of it beautifully stated thank you good
at my part let us find this mistress all
right you guys can pack up your [ __ ] and
head out these guys have a decent head
start on you not too far down the path
are you gonna try and catch up with them
or give some space between you and them
clearly not welcome but you can do
whatever you I want how long is the
travel the day okay yeah well we'll keep
a healthy distance right dude let's come
back to the other window
head on back make some random counter
rolls dude all right it's on the second
half of the day when you guys are
trekking that I would like everybody in
the party to make me a perception role
okie dokie captain I like to hear that
was a little disgusting
Jesus yeah what was that oh you know
it's just that you're firing up my
loading up my perception alrighty
you do pretty well on your perception
but not good enough because you walk
right into a well-placed ambush I'm
gonna bring you to a map and the
monsters will get a surprise round on
you I guess they're just gonna win
initiative here and we're gonna do
something a little bit different because
there are so very many monsters it's
just a pain in the ass to manage
initiative so we're gonna go party gets
a turn monsters get a turn
and we'll just rotate back and forth so
pick one person roll initiative for the
whole party preferably the person with
the best initiative I think that's based
off your decks right
yeah okay that's probably me you have to
do a character sheet mm-hmm all right
good like Wow all right the kobolds will
go first from the first round because
they do get they get an ambush on you
and then in the next round you guys will
be the first to act so you get to go
they go you go instead of there you go
and then they go so this is good for you
all right in the ambush round the
assembled kobolds leap to the attack now
before we get to both memory well have
them to go there first round then I'll
ask you questions that'll be fun they
spring off the walls and scamper up to
you and mass there are many of these
little cowardly doglike creatures and
they jumped surround and some of them
are gonna hang out over here cuz they
can't quite get to you yet down this
will come down and the kobolds shaman
will go starting off with aim entangle
spell and it is a 20-foot square so you
know what you can't actually entangle
that's a terrible idea that doesn't work
no you said it words are binding words
are binding I suppose I even put it in
the spell slots alright well start off
with the entangle spell in this twenty
by twenty area it will end up entangling
them Co bolts aren't known for their
intelligence people really not there is
a saving throw can all the members of
the party roll me saving throws
dexterity saving throws save me I'm
sorry strength saving throws not
dirty saving throws roll and adjust the
thingies and that's fine wait wouldn't
you be using like your dexterity to
avoid the routes or this is actually
called on the spell oh it's called
that's why I thought it would be Dex but
then I read the spell oh I wrote so
luckily [ __ ] okay twelve so you got to
be a twelve which everybody except for
Kay Torino beats yeah so everyone but
Kay Torino is funky Torino is going to
be entangled and that's when the various
kobolds spring into the area two of them
need to make saving throws otherwise
they're stuck early and strength saving
throws are not great for kobolds because
they are weak all right
these two get stuck early on and can't
make it any deeper in so we'll just say
you're stuck on the edge where does the
other gather where's your stuck on the
edge the remaining ones I will roll for
when it becomes important because
otherwise they're all just within one
square against up in front there are
going to be four Coble's attacks did
they roll for Casper to our entangled
disadvantage then there was that they
are restrained restrained means roll
king looking
restrain a restrained creature speed
becomes zero and it cannot benefit from
any bonuses to its speed attack rolls
against the creature have advantage and
the creatures attack roles have
disadvantage which has disadvantage on
dexterity saving crows so the kobolds
all have disadvantage except for their
pack tactics which give them advantage
if their allies are nearby so they're
gonna make regular attack roles but you
get advantage to hit them and
disadvantage on your attack so that
cancel what if your so you guys yeah but
if you're not entangled you will have
advantage on attack roles there you go
so just so we get a Miss a 16 and a 14-4
is an 18 against
valdore is gonna be a hit no then you're
excused 18 yeah you're right
yeah next one's a miss and the fourth
one is gonna be a hit as well so bailed
or you were gonna take two full kits
with these little pokey javelins you're
gonna take six seven eight nine ten
eleven twelve damage and
toey yeah they rolled really well
undamaged yeah Toki two attacks against
you one is a 23 one is a 17 looks like
those are both hits you will take 6 plus
6 for 12 damage nevets that's me this
old passes is same so he gets to make a
regular attack against you is gonna be a
14 to hit you nope and then darf not
darf daffy a 13 to hit you nope hey yeah
that's my art class is 13 oh I thought
it was that fun alright darf you will
take 4 points of damage where does it
dharak to have or we just mean Daffy
okay I just make it missing anyone okay
all right let me to roll see who passes
fails and tangles this guy is entangled
this one is entangled we're not supposed
to be seeing these Rosa you're making
right no no no I'm making them
off-screen bugger
I like making all that one fails
[Music]
okay so the entangled enemies are marked
and the non entangled ones are not
marked okay um and it becomes the first
round here and before we get too deep
into combat I want Lilly Pichu to make
me a some sort of knowledge check to see
what you would know about kobolds
because you know everything right you
are the all-knowing one wanna be
intelligence check them or sure that'll
do Wow what is it you know that kobolds
are these small dog like creatures they
are large in numbers but individually
fairly cowardly they are always they
they rarely like to fight they have a
three to one advantage over other people
and they are easily beaten back or
scared off into fleeing they're small
they're stupid they work well in groups
and then they're one of their favorite
strategies is just like dog pile on
people and drag them down and then stab
them over and over again I wish they
have not employed here and that's what
you know about kobolds and it is the
party's turn and you can go in any order
you guys get to decide your order a talk
during combat yeah you can come out of 6
seconds per round
so I'll just shorten real quick no I
can't do multi swing trader and hit you
yeah what would would it that's the one
am i right got it
and require an action no talking
requires no actions I'll move for that
I'll hit the one to my right over here
ok already so do I have an advantage in
this attack because he's entangled yes
yep and I should also be able to use my
sneak attack as well so let me roll my
normal attack 26 to hit
sure yeah yep we'll have some damage see
dead do you want to use your sneak
attack oh yeah sex yep you guys II he's
really dead okay
you do like three times his HP good
next up um Alan it's the poison spray
the one right next okay
DC 13 Constitution save for the coal
bold coup passes and takes no damage
hmm and leader Daffy you are restrained
you cannot move okay
you can cast of powers him yeah yeah
so as the and knowing knowing that Toki
is all-knowing could I ask her what she
knows about these creatures like while
we're in combat like could I yell to her
I think you already know these things
this is probably information she shared
with you in the course of your
investigation they're small and stupid
yeah okay so I assume all I can do is
try to break out of my little guy right
yes I know you can do anything the world
is your oyster don't limit yourself
tangled koi boo I'm entangled you see
then you can use a strength check to
resist okay I will try to break out of
that then go for it alright yeah can I
use something like can I use the bonus
action no it's gonna take your action to
try and break out of this yeah yeah yeah
I meant
so he said strength check is that we
said strength Jack yeah you break out of
the entangle oh [ __ ] you the vines that
come out of the ground you manage to
kick them away rip your feet out and you
have enough
movements to get the hell out of here
and what can I use can I use a spell as
a bonus action what can I do
only if this spell is it says it takes
bonus action you know both so you can
use your bonus action only four things
that specifically say you can do it with
a bonus action trips bonus actions well
can can trips be used as bonus actions
only if they say casting time one bonus
action
so like message is one action friends is
one action yeah yeah yeah okay um then I
suppose I don't think I can do anything
else so looks I guess I will just I want
to try to run like so that I can maybe
try to get one alone ah okay
where you gonna go that's 5 10 feet
right there with this you like them
largely in so I'll give you no no you're
halfway in so I'll give you advantage on
your safe and throw or on your strength
check if you get to not be entangled
again next round there you go now you're
all the way out you're good yeah I'm
done ok next round actually n to the
bottom of the round the kobolds get to
go this one has to make another save and
throw to avoid being entangled and
passes the other ones are all entangled
that don't care this guy is a coward and
it's not looking too good for him so he
is going to withdraw and scamper back up
this hill doctor well he and though dude
yeah yeah Willie though no
2825 is a hit and a kill the global goes
down Neil another thing to throw at you
right now you said they have to
outnumber your 3 to want to get pack
mentality right that's what they usually
do they no longer get that oh that's not
great for them let's see the 2 up front
are going to attack
val-d'or this round because it started
the round with three with a witch why is
it right a big disadvantage is there not
three two one anymore and they are other
not in their month [ __ ] they're just
normal right so this one will miss the
second one has advantage because of pact
tactics is amiss this guy's mystics they
pack tactics does not require three to
one advantage on the attack rolls but
they are cowardly and like to fight with
three two one so if you can get their
numbers down to less than three to one
they're more likely to break and fleets
what oh they just have pact tactics but
they're more likely to break it lesson
three two one yeah we're there they're
more likely to disengage and run away
from a battle when they no longer have
severe numerical superiority okay
this guy over here is going to try and
break out and fails this one over here
is gonna hurl their javelin whoever this
is is this Toki oh yeah javelin throw
Toki with advantage for the guy next to
him and 14 to hit you boy team 14 - on
the roll to hit not on damage oh it
looks like a 14 is going to hit you this
kobold is now unarmed so I'm gonna take
a put a marker that says no weapon and
you will take six points of damage from
the blow they're not messing around
this kobold will scramble back up on the
hill and let's see the range of his
javelin has got to be at least 20 feet
it's exactly 20 feet so he will throw
his javelin at valdore in the front with
a 22 to hit Jesus it'll hit you for 4
damage bailed or doubled loses his
weapon as well this guy on the hill is
gonna come to here 22 veld or yep the
whole attack bailed or if Vantage 15
will not hit you this cobbles no longer
has a weapon
this one will scamper up onto the hill
and throw a bell door
with a 12 is no not a hitch
no longer has a weapon it's one little
scampered here and I think he's gotta
use all of his movement to get up here
so he'll just get into position for next
round
this guy is stuck fails to break out
this guy's stuck succeeds and breaking
out and gets the hell out of the area
climbs up this guy already made his
attack that card he made his attack ah
this sucker comes over here and throws
his javelin even with advantage he only
rolls an 8 against Toki which is a Miss
and we end up with our cold shaman at
the end of the round who casts
infestation a cloud of mites fleas and
other parasites appeared momentarily on
one creature you can see within range
the target must succeed on a
constitution saving throw or take 3
poison damage and move 5 feet so they
are targeting nevets
now it's gonna be a Constitution saving
throw as all sorts of fleas might some
parasites being crawling over your skin
you can feel them like trying to get
into your eyelids slipping into your
mouth there's it like a centipede in
your ear canal you take free damage and
you must move five feet and random
direction rolling d8 and we'll see which
way you go wait what is a1 refer to
north one is north three is east five
South 7 is West so there's a south east
south east
yeah perfect doesn't provoke opportunity
tax blah blah perfed ha alright parties
turn started the new round anyone in the
entangled area will have to make new
strength saving throws to avoid the
entanglements
we have to make another one yep every
round that you're in the entangle
toki is entangled oh [ __ ] i didn't know
that strength lets you pass with flying
colors it makes sense you might not
notice this on your first time is to
pass as well only Toki's dock where
swing at heart the one to my front right
mm-hmm and ten is not gonna do it
Frick little bastards have higher AC
than that I'll use my bonus action to
lovely that is correct
one D ten plus your fighter level of
three I'm gonna go ahead and take a
swing at the guy to the right Amin seven
port I believe I should have advantage
on it yes because he was restrained all
right
twenty three damage I'm a quite sure
he's dead oh yeah he's super dead zzzz
okay and then I want to use I think I
can use enough movement to get right up
next to the showman as close as I can
well he's way up on this hill I'm gonna
need you to probably make I'm gonna need
you to make me a climb check and
athletics or acrobatics checked climb up
here okay acrobatics easily oh yeah you
scamper on up it was how far 20 feet
yeah you can get adjacent to and then
I'm sorry real quick for my sneak attack
do I have to call that before damage is
actually done mmm-hmm okay listen I know
that 11 would kill him so could I not
have sneak attacked is that okay no if I
hate you hey okay that's it oh my
tournament Toki I'm going to cast bark
skin on myself
nice call put in chat for us so we can
see what it does your AC cannot be less
than 16 excellent why don't you describe
for us what it looks like when your skin
becomes bark cause it's like my entire
skin right including my face
that's up to you I want you to tell me
what it looks like just like slowly
starts from my toes all the way to the
top of my head and my entire body and
click in case in this bark like um
appearance it's kind of creepy yet as
daps blessing I believe because it
starts at your toes and goes all the way
up oh yeah
it's like you think the consistency of
you know fruit fruit from guardians of
the galaxy I'm like he's at least I
can't pronounce shalida like shillelagh
you catch the laylee excellent and
leader hmm
I was gonna use Bartok inspiration but
since their health is so low I think I'm
just gonna use dissonant whispers and
closest to me here yeah so I'll do that
go for it is it does it hit you it's a
UH wisdom saving throw it is a failure
for as you roll yourself a dissonant
whispers for us oh wait he failed yeah
seven psychic damage to the one directly
in front of you yep mmhmm right about
kobold eyes
whimpering Oh murder bottom of the
initiative round I'm going to call for a
morale check from the kobolds since they
indeed are no longer out no longer
outnumber you three to one and they love
that these kobolds are weak cowardly and
half their number not quite athletic
many of them have died many of them have
lost the weapons the remaining ones will
flee sort of just any direction that's
away from you guys I'll have to roll for
those but it looks like valdore is gonna
get one attack of opportunity yeah 13:13
will do it so seven will not kill it
unfortunately it just live out in memory
of me mm-hmm in terror these little
suckers scatter as far as they can the
shaman is going to scatter does provoke
an attack of opportunity third team will
hit are you going to do sneak attack
damage
you know what Koivu sure nineteen damage
so close so close not quite enough the
old shaman will scatter as well this guy
runs leaving just the two entangled
suckers can they break out
no and no the two entangled guys are
stuck here as the round ends and the
kobolds
you're done top of the initiative order
nevets team there's entangled now break
because the guys running no it can't
oh he did it's a concentration spell he
does need to make a contact good Paul
yes entangled breaks cuz he took damage
and lost concentration I'll swing at the
one on my left 13 hits seven seven will
kill yeah haha and Toki you are no
longer entangled oh is that there's one
kobold left
I'm going is good night sit one da plus
five phone for the spell attack bonus
yeah oh if I have time never use a
shillelagh instead of strength I use my
spell casting ability for me damage
rolls
yes gonna use her wisdom modifier plus
your yes it's gonna be plus five to hit
and plus three to damage a 1 B plus
eight pretty much oh wait
one deep 20 plus five to hit why does it
say the weapons damaged IV comes at the
8th I'm confused because your staff will
do D 8 damage if you hit but you saw up
to roll it's a little rule now a 1 D 20
plus 5 21 is a beautiful blow now we're
only one d 8 plus 3 for damage
9 will kill the kobold adjacent to you
it dies never is something death I'm
assuming getting down here is easier
than getting up so they didn't have to
roll their descent down the mountain you
can just okay I'll go ahead and take a
swing at this guy next to me here sure
that's a 19 to hit and I wrote 13 damage
I will not use my snake attack here is
that okay that's fine wait why are you
not using your snake attack out of
curiosity can you only use that a
certain amount of times um I don't want
to say because I'm not sure if quaver
knows but I'm only supposed to use it
once per turn
okay now that he's dead I would like to
use my cunning to get near the shaman I
can use that bonus action and then I'll
just Park myself right next to this guy
right here yeah okay that okay use your
bonus yeah cunning bonus action is a
dash to park verdict to the shaman
yeah anyone else want to do anything are
you guys content to let these critters
flee from you let's kill them all
wait actually I'm fine you're fine the
coals will continue to flee I think the
only one of significance is the shaman
because this other guys running the
other way now and dashing so the shaman
looks at you nevets yeah it tries to
gauge if you're a merciful man by making
the insight check against you
let's see insight plus four it only
rolls a ten that's not great it
correctly deduces I think that you're
not necessarily a merciful man and so
will disengage with its action move with
its move and does a cobalt get a bonus
action - it does not so it will just
scurry 30 feet from you 5 10 15 20 25 30
all right party's turn but looks like
we're sort of done with it except for
nevets chasing down the last kobold yeah
yeah Mehmet's wait so like when we when
are we doing this can I is this movement
valid that I'm pointing right there like
if I move from there to there or no I
can't see exactly what you're doing like
I can't see what you do until you
release it do you see that yeah yeah I
see what you're doing there yeah is that
a valid 30 feet yeah it's the same path
that you took right well okay so do we
have to trace it cuz my speed is only 25
about 30 then it sounds like you can't
catch up to him you have to go around
the rock use your rage attack actually
I'm gonna run I think stupid I can use
my cunning again right and get right up
to him you have to take a good a nice
good swing 13 to hit 13s a hit and a 1
HP shaman will die on the spot baby the
remaining kobolds have fled and you guys
stand in the middle of this ride desert
canyon
badly wounded wait I declare non-lethal
- I hate you heroin we're good okay
they're cold slain the party victorious
but badly wounded you are most of the
way to town it's still like another two
miles there what are you gonna do about
the breaks so we can we'll hit diced in
short breakers whatever come in do we
have any more brains we're almost there
four hours or whatever right
no not team break in game break no a
short rest is going to be a full night
of sleep for us and a long rest will be
seven days of downtime you need a full
night of sleep to get your head dice how
far away I'm just gonna use my hip dice
to heal right now you can't use your
hips without a short rest Oh cuz you're
House Rules
yeah just books rules rules as written
variant healing right but your your
short break is House will switch is now
its variant feeling it's in the books
that's just an option the books is 10
minutes if there's an optional rule to
have it be a day called the realism
welcome to Kobe's campaigns will he wait
how far we from the city two miles
yeah we can just walk back we're good
I'm sure we learn to parties let's loot
the bodies they're wearing like little
bits of crappy leather that they've
pulled off animals that they've killed
they have no pockets they have no money
they've got these like fire hardened
spheres that they use they're like
little short Spears some of them have
little bits of rock at the end that kind
of work as stone creatures have no
wealth or valuables of any kind but
could we use them as food could we eat
them I suppose do you like eating dog I
mean a lot of people do right it's not
that bad who cares yeah then you could
eat them you're gonna eat Toki like
what's the dirt eating Toki and a dog
Toki can consider you that's the
difference are you serious
bags gonna last for like up to an hour
right so can I just keep this try not
the short the when we slept right we
sweet we took a night here yeah
do you arts yeah do our spells reset you
need a full week of downtime for yeah a
long rest for your souls to reset boys
yep
we're slow down the pace of the game a
little bit fine okay so it sounds like
you guys want to push on sure by the end
of the day couple an hour or so later
you will arrive back at the city night
and his people must have only been a
little bit ahead of you um if I do wild
sheep right and turn into a bunny does
the Bark's can carry over or no oh that
is an excellent question
cousin I'm feeling at our house looking
bunny holy [ __ ] yeah like an army bunny
everything mm-hmm let's find out druid
brew it your statistics are replaced by
these things efficiencies when you
transform you assume it's hit points and
hit dice it doesn't say anything about
armor class so I assume it's that your
stats replaced by the stats of the beat
you know clip well you should just say
House rolls you know mm-hmm
you can't cast spells your ability to
speak or take any actions that requires
hands a little transforming doesn't
break your concentration on the spell
you've already cast
however or prevent you from taking
actions that are part of a spell so I
think your bark skin will stay on you oh
my god yes on the way back to town I
would like to turn into a bunny that I
thought that uses I only have two uses
right pretty long the rest yeah no giant
bunny let's just walk cool you guys make
it back to town the town is hustling
bustling like nothing ever happened
everyone's going about their business
and what do you want to do why are you
coming back to town you had a reason to
come we want to find the mistress a
nester lady sure you can ask around to
find lord silver horns estate and you
will find there his mistress
lady Sondra she is inconsolable with
grief says the doorman when you approach
the estate I'm sorry lady Sondra is
inconsolable with grief and not
accepting visitors at this time but if
you can leave your name and address I'll
have her get back to you right away what
is this all about anyway the we are the
various operations agency visiting we
are the detective agency Chancellor
Thera fan himself hired to investigate
the death of his mistress's late husband
exactly yep oh well then please come on
inside I'm sure she would like to speak
to you and then he parts the way brings
you into a nice parlor with some
freshing drinks and we'll go fetch the
mistress is there anything you want to
do in the estate while you were alone in
the parlor are there any open Ledger's
pieces of paper laying around that might
have assassination orders
thing can be an investigation check to
find out god dammit you look around the
place you find nothing of interests no
no obvious clues about what happened
here I would like to look around too or
can we only just do yeah you can look
around as well totally okey-dokey whoa
it's a great investigation check yeah
yeah baby all right
uh you look around the room you start
opening some cupboards here and you find
all these nice bottles of wine stashed
away in this little shack a section over
here firewood is properly chopped in
place ready to be used there's this nice
big tapestry of Lord silver horn with
his arm around woman above the fireplace
and when ladies lady Sandra walks in you
will realize that is not lady saundra in
the picture with him it's probably his
late wife but there's nothing
incriminating lying about here you are
lady Sandra comes in she's dressed all
in black in mourning she looks bereaved
she's got some sniffles but she comes in
and says I hear you've been appointed to
look into the my late husband's death
yes yes we we have I'm so sorry for your
loss
mind you we were wondering if we could
ask a few questions about your late
husband to see if we could ascertain
what happened to him down at the
mineshaft of course of course she pokes
her head out the door and calls in for a
servant to light the fire because it's
getting late in the day and it's getting
a little chilly so he sets to work
setting a fire while you ask questions
well how can I help you well when was
the last time you had contact with your
husband what did he tell you he was
going to do I saw him maybe 12 13 days
ago when two weeks a week two weeks ago
when he left for the mines no husband
I'm sorry uh I always thought I've to me
he was always my husband but I know we
were never legally married
you could never marry a commoner you
know but we could be together in all the
legal ways what was the question again
did he tell you if there was anything
particular about this trip that he was
going on and he peculiar things or
circumstances or people he was planning
to meet maybe I was a little worried
that he might you see he appointed this
new knight caroled she's a young thing
and sort of pretty and I was a little
worried that this this trip to the mines
was a ruse to go off and be with her is
there any like can you run like a
perception check to see if there is like
maybe more anger that she might be
concealing as she says it would be yeah
dude what I am bonuses to these roles
what the [ __ ] these are trash rules man
you notice nothing you want to
attractiveness on the woman
yeah I'm Lady Sandra and she's the
mistress she has to be right yes no 15
she got a graces Oh Lady Sandra is 40
years old five six 126 pounds human 15
on the attractiveness so that's that's
the only thing that came to my mind but
then I heard that they were all killed
but he had said that he wanted to bring
he wanted to go to the mines to make
sure that since she was so new if she
was new to being a knight new to have
this sort of responsibility that she was
on top of her her duties and I suppose
that's what she was actually doing it's
then time for him to go and investigate
the mines to check in on a new soldier
I imagine that new fighters or Knights
are being appointed to these posts all
the time no rarely really it's been half
a decade or so since the last one was
appointed
hmm and did he go with that one is it
normal for him to check out the mines
like how often would you say he goes
down there rarely what do you know about
the health their old person do you know
anything more about her do you know
anything more about Carol's oh she's
she's from it a minor family of note
that the Farrell's family of course
they're here in town I believe they they
own some property some some houses on
the north side of town not not too much
they're not really a family of nodes I
think she was their greatest prospect in
the generations going forward only child
I think 23 years old but she was a
squire - oh I don't remember who for a
few years before she was pointed tonight
last month
hmm who else besides you would have
known that your husband was going down
to the mines well our our household
staff of course and see a couple of
people invited us for dinner and I had
to tell them that he was out and about
do you think that this has something to
do specifically with my husband and not
the mine we're just investigating all
possibilities
yeah we're what about uh what about your
your husband's nephew he has a few
I do believe Drake Inquirer came by the
the day after he left asking to see you
see my husband's might my love do you
know if did he appear angry what was he
like do you know what he came for
oh my it's a delicate matter really
heard a little bit that they did not get
along but I do not know the extent of it
could you give me a briefing on that
is it important it could be I wouldn't
want to spread rumors about anyone so
please keep this information close to
your chest
um Drake's wife is a woman with fine
taste let's call it and Drake is not a
particularly wealthy man his pave as
being a retainer night does not really
cover her expenses he's come by a few
times asking to borrow money for a
little bit here or there I think that's
why he was coming by a few days back you
know I think he was going to ask for
money again although he never got to it
I told him I told him Lord silver horn
was gone I went to check his mind and he
left at that interesting
and um does just Drake have any and of a
little bit of power yes would you
wouldn't you say what do you mean power
he has he has his own his own servants
his own Knights and fighters he has a
small household staff a very small
household staff I think just a cook and
a squire and a maid maybe a gardener but
any guards he has some guards yes he has
some people around them she shakes her
head she has a spear of soldiers that he
are assigned to him but they are the law
of the Prince of crown wicks men he just
he's an officer so his men under his
command but they they don't they're not
his men that makes them
thank you let's have any questions for
her I think that's probably enough for
now maybe we'll return later if we have
more questions for you do you know why
do you keep asking about Cal Drake do
you don't think he would do this
yeah just ongoing investigation ma'am of
course I understand well if you if you
have any other questions do come by um
and if I think of anything I'll send a
messenger to your estate how well your
your place of business
mumbles are the words for such low class
people Wow yeah yeah our business yes
okay well thank you so much for
answering our questions and sorry again
for your loss to bids you would you
where are we staying by the way in your
house got our place of business I kind
of want I can I want to try to seduce
the lady inside okay okay insight going
21 baby let's [ __ ] go all right so
the first thing you haven't realized
about her is that she is not highborn
this title lady Sandra is definitely
sort of like an honorific because she's
with this Lord guy she definitely has
that like born a commoner but somehow
got involved with someone above her
status and has been trying to hide it
with like you know a noble accent but
you can tell right away that she's like
lowborn initially which explains why
they were never married second thing you
can tell right away damn is she fine
right yeah yeah yeah
third thing is that she is truly and
deeply got that hurts my brain that
heartbroken over the situation
she really is into him and is truly
upset I don't there's way in there right
now
well I was on the market for rebound
perhaps maybe I should slide in there
but maybe deaf I think it's best to keep
our mind focused on the task ahead of us
I'm I'm probably older than you but I
don't know how old are you
[Music]
PC detail Toki I do not have an age
written down for telling Jamie plan
let's roll it is a dwarf dwarves look
way longer than half elves so it's
possible I don't know how old you want
to be but she could be much older than
you
dwarves all up to what to 15 something
like that yeah 106 could be 106 107 108
oh my god roll it to live up to 250
years in Arcadia Oh
250 yep yeah and half elves live up to
be 120 so what are you rolling
one day 250 okay you're 50 years no wait
she's got a really yeah she's gonna roll
it 132 years old 30 you're definitely
older than deaf ah yeah yeah absolutely
not everyone is a youngin compared to me
everyone's gonna be young yeah okay
so you're back in your home after having
gone to see the mistress after having
investigated the mines and you're
sitting about discussing ideas theories
goings-on oops the Chancellor's not here
anymore what's the dealio so I think
definitely to do with this yeah we all
agree here your wait you're my kind of
what has to do with what uh Drake Drake
had something to do with the death of
his uncle I think right now that I was
our only suspect that as our our most
reliable suspect and I think that's
where we should that's where we should
focus
I agree but he's just going to deny it
mm-hmm so how do you get evidence to
prove it because Drake is it how is it a
powerful position
he's a retainer Knight to the Prince of
Chron wig you can't just accuse him
without evidence and you can't just kill
him
he's too well-connected you'll get
yourself a no end of trouble you got to
prove it first I think I have I might
have an idea to see if we could get
Drake to incriminate himself what if it
were possible that we could construct a
fake identity of a miner that survived
the incident we give a convincing enough
story for a reason he would have gotten
out we claim to bring him back from the
mine and we put him up in a pretty
public area and we see if somebody hired
by Drake shows up to kill him I love
this idea that's brilliant
I agree in fact you might be the new
leader of that idea
listen I'm just the I've just the
investigator I could never I could never
do what deaf does and I mean that in
every way possible widowed women it's
pretty easy to find a new muscle
alright so uh quit quit your yappin and
what if they actually harm or maybe even
kill the decoy well the decoy of course
would be one of us and I think I think I
owe that is disguise self no you guys
would have to I would be out of spells
once I cast well there's no rush for
this I think we could take a rest
maybe well we can at least stay on we'll
have to do in short rest friends but
that'll be fine
ok you guys to take a rest do that let's
go back to the quickly rules of
Investigation those you on a short rest
you can spend your head Dyson yeah
oh that's all you don't just naturally
he'll correct you know this world you
bed this [ __ ] by the way no isn't it
beautiful
what is uh what is it hit dies how much
healing I'd say for you it's gonna be a
d-10 I think you can just click your
head died on your character sheet though
it's - I don't trust machines but
there's plus your level right plus your
con bond my god these [ __ ] I rolled
it one building up to roll the two plus
two is four music another one
there we are oh yeah nice
so when investigative suspects you
should look for means mode of an
opportunity does Cal Drake have the
means the motive and the opportunity to
kill everyone at that mine including his
uncle yes he do it one by one does he
have the means can't he do it he
say a group of soldiers to do his back
and they all trust him so he could
easily I could even hire someone to do
it right it's another thing he's cooked
he has a cook he can poison them or
something well they weren't poison but
okay so you generally think he's got the
means to do it
soldiers can have swords they had Spears
so probably wasn't his soldiers unless
they had different weapons or unless he
hired somebody else to do that type of
work unless he hired someone else but
he's broke isn't he busy he was more
money maybe because he spent it all
hiring assassins all right
does he have the motive does he have a
reason to do this yes if he killed his
uncle he would get it be able to take
over the mine and then get his money are
you sure he inherits the mine
no I he doesn't I'm almost positive he
doesn't cuz I I specifically asked him
what the mine goes to when we were at
the mine and he didn't mention himself
he said it he gave a vague answer
whatever but it didn't sound like he was
in pension no he was like oh well it is
the inheritor then maybe he's being
vague to hide it okay all right so maybe
look into the issue uh-huh a good amount
of money and he doesn't have a wife
right so really pretty
wait wait which who doesn't have a wife
who is ski the owner or the the night
the owner the owner the owner right
doesn't have a wife because so it
wouldn't go to her he's he's money
because I'm sure he has his own like
savings of money right he was giving it
out to this guy so maybe he didn't kill
him to inherit the mine but maybe he
killed him to inherit the money that
he'd have is he the oldest nephew does
he have any children like those are I
think questions okay so we should look
into two motivations here does he have
an opportunity was he in the right place
at the right time maybe he wasn't even
near the murder site during the murder
you know oh that he's one of the few
people who knew where he was I think
regardless regardless of him doing it or
not I think if we set up this decoy
whoever shows up to do anything to the
decoy will have will be able to answer
questions based on that even if it's not
necessary so how are you gonna publicize
this decoy in the in facebook ads all
right that's pretty reasonable well I
think right now though so what's backup
and I think we should we should control
the flow of information actually we
should only tell the the Chancellor and
then maybe Drake we should only tell
those two people that Weezy had found
this person or initially so then we know
if somebody shows up to harm this person
then it was because one of those two
knew or somebody close to them whoever
they would have shared the information
with all right
brilliant brilliant plan so who's going
to be the decoy I think I should write
yeah yes I mean you have this guy self
right oh we could we could probably come
up with a pretty reasonable disguise but
why risk it when we have the spell yeah
okay so we need everyone or at least
val-d'or at the very least to be with me
because I will be pretty defenseless mmm
wait why you could hide us so it under
your bed or something right yeah but you
think I'm gonna stand well against a
knight in combat or someone that is
hired to kill someone
well we'll be watching don't worry no of
course course we'll be there
I pray fearless leader I mean
technically you don't even need to be in
the room I mean we could prepare some
other as long as people see you go to
rest there people know that you're there
and there's no reason why you have to be
in that room unarmed or even alone yeah
hmm okay so it sounds like a plan
you're gonna disguise key to Reno using
the sky cell to hide in a tavern as a
miner you're gonna tell the Chancellor
and Cal Drake silver horn that there's
some random miner that has shown up
later that has survived anything else
you're gonna tell them I think is one
final thing here we should notify oh
hold on well maybe maybe would it be
smart to tell the Chancellor what we
know so far well no if we think that
this is an inside job we want to
restrict how much information they know
we know as much as possible
another thing we can do is when we alert
people that we're going to investigate
this miner story we should I mean we
could set this up in such a way that if
the person is at a tavern it maybe if we
tell three different people where he is
we tell each person a different room so
then based on where a probable assassin
shows up we'll know which person is
leaking the information so if we tell
the wife good idea yeah we tell the wife
that this person is in the first floor
room you know 104 and then we tell you
know the other two people different
rooms based on where the assassin goes
we'll know who actually sent them but we
need to make sure that we we have proof
of all this that this is what we're
doing I mean this won't be legal proof
but if the assassin shows up in a
certain way we could definitely gear our
investigation towards the person that we
pretty much know sent them right
agree this is a very good idea
good job nimitz thanks I look forward to
my pay race all right yeah let's end the
show some well write it so that will be
the plan that we will enact next week
when we see what happens
good job everybody your investigation
what started off a little tough not a
lot of information but you've managed to
come up with at least one good suspect
and you've got a pretty good grasp on
what's going on here
still probably a few pieces of
information left to glean somewhere so
let's start with the leader here daph
how do you feel the investigators going
are you ready are you do you have the
right man feel I feel good about it I
feel like we this is our first high
profile our biggest case yet and I think
this is also a very difficult one
however I think we're doing a great job
and I think that that we have a lot of
potential to solve it in a quick and
efficient manner I am very proud of the
people I hired and I'm glad they're with
me the importance of this case as you
mentioned it's a high-profile case yes
what if you [ __ ] it up how is that gonna
affect your reputation around here what
if you use the wrong person I'm not
gonna [ __ ] it up okay I have very I have
very high confidence in myself and my my
people that we are gonna find the right
guy and we're gonna go about it in a
very smart manner I do not think [ __ ]
it up as an option okay all right nevets
are how are you feeling about the case
thus far seems okay we'll figure out
what happened so we spring our little
trap but I think we've uncovered some
good leads so I have high hopes you
consider yourself the brains of
operation I mean a little bit but that's
what I'm hired to do right I try to
figure stuff out true you are the
investigator here it's my job and what
what about you fouled or you were the
first one to accuse Cal Drake of this
quite publicly and quite openly and now
the rest of the parties come around to
your way of thinking tell me about that
uh like all things he's pretty confident
in his calls and his choices and he
tried a tactic but was pretty sure that
it was the correct thing anyways the
tactic didn't hand out the idea remains
he's looking forward to destroying the
murders nice and last but not least we
have Toki Toki you've been under the
weather this week but you did survive a
kobold attack and you saw a mountain
lion slain before you you've helped to
investigate these things uncover these
clues how do you feel the murder
investigation is going oh I had a
question about the so we are a detective
agency and this is our first
high-profile case you said so you never
solved anything close to this caliber
before right no so basically why would
why are we hired oh that's a very good
question why did the Prince of cron wick
hire this backwater group that's never
done anything high-profile cause he knew
you would mess it up and he'd get away
with the murder that son oh nothing
birra see things going I like it we will
find out all the answers to this next
week on of Dyson men baby sounds good
I'll see you guys next week you are
positive I don't really want to click it
it's this scum that like sticks out just
a little
