hello and welcome to episode 19 of the
DT podcast I'm joined here by my good
friend trihex and today we're gonna be
talking about endgame Avengers in game
heavy-heavy spoiler alerts by the way
okay yeah now what because like right
like Avengers in game is the 22nd Marvel
Cinematic Universe movie brought up
asone 19 we could just do some like
blowed it out 3 episode filler arc and
then get to episode 22 and then discuss
Avengers like in three weeks because on
every episode we do a filler arc now
let's just do it now okay actually have
we had any important card development
have it made us like changed any more
positions in a dramatic manner due to
the podcast well apparently I've changed
my position on [ __ ]
nineteen-year-olds but other than that I
guess it depends on who you ask and what
positions I supposedly hold a given
point in time oh my god okay well what
are we doing bro well look we both um I
think we're both like very savvy geek
nerds
if anyone everyone asked and I feel like
give me give me a quick recap for what
you did this week so we can get right
into it because we got two big topics
today try X maybe two in a small one two
big ones in a small two big topics in a
small one okay the fat curveball here
okay um whatever this week yo I have
it's it's I hate the take to bring back
to anything here again it's mostly my
grandmother again dude the good news is
and again this give you some context or
feels you were understand the framing
here my grandmother has dementia my
grandmother has a has Alzheimer's she is
uh she had a negative reaction to
lisinopril she has high blood pressure
she's seven eight years old
I recently got her out of her big old
house she built nineteen seventy and
that got her to move into the city in an
apartment that I got for her near me um
so that's so it's going better now but
I've been I've became her primary
guardian I'm going to that whole thing
we're like my grandmother is like no
longer of the cognitive ability to like
really be a grandmother it's now more
like I have to just like
endure and be her guardian and stuff
like that so it's been getting very
complicated cuz she has like 14
medications and there's a lot to get
into with who her kidney doctor was who
or who a regular physician was and all
the other [ __ ] it's just like a lot of
stuff to get into when you get into it
spontaneously now with that in mind the
the good news here is that she she's
working from everything she's now in
rehab at a skilled nursing facility
however she had an anxiety attack last
week was fighting five of the nurse at
the nursing home and had to be brought
back to the hospital for psychological
evaluation which they had not concluded
that she is not the ability to make her
own decisions so now it comes back on me
at the power of attorney to like
determine what we do going forward and
what I revealed what happened after the
factory actually was the realization
that she um she she thinks that the
people that the workers at the nursing
home
are part of the people the people in the
Attic the people that like attacked her
and with misplace or things on purpose
because of her short-term memory loss so
the good thing is now that I I convinced
her that you're at a different nursing
home now taking you somewhere different
and she blues that a different nursing
home and now she's like doing better on
the whole thing now she's like being
more cooperative which is good but
that's like I know it's kind of boring
story but that's kind of like what
that's what bit my main thing I mean
other than that I've been doing you know
I I'm gonna ask a really hard question
you have to answer this okay do you
think at some point it gets strange that
for people with like Alzheimer's and
dementia you're essentially just trying
to keep a body alive for as long as
possible until it's gone you're asking a
good hard-hitting question here because
it's not like I'm having a Louisville
conversation I'm conversing at them not
really with them anymore and so I can
you know all the the hard-hitting
questions in the room you know like do I
want to call out or inconsistencies on
what you remember as I'm gonna call it
her or when I go for an appeal to logic
she kind of just like pivots that and
then like I can't really challenge
without her like getting really snappy
and moody at me your bring up a really
good thing here it's not what it used to
be and I thought it was kind of like I'm
pushed
forward on a very mentally taxing
mentally draining time exhausting not
fun endeavor of like being cooperative
to a noxious degree um for love and
because I know that you know she does
love me because she you know raised me
and everything else and I nothing but
the world to her uh-huh but it's really
weird because I get raises a lot of
questions I think about like identity I
guess cuz these are things that I think
about for my own mom right who's gonna
be in a similar spot probably in about
five years
like at what point is a person
considered a person at what point is it
the person you remember they are and
then like it just yeah it's a really
weird scenario to be on you know well
even then like what do you even do like
oh yeah obviously you can't like I like
the extreme think all will just kill
them after their - left or something
right this is obviously really extreme
but then on the other end it seems weird
that you kind of have like this
wandering person that's just gonna
become increasingly paranoid and skeptic
and doesn't really know you and doesn't
feel like they're related to anyway yeah
I don't know it's just like a really
weird it's a very strange scenario to be
in like the separation of like mine from
body like makes you look at things in a
really different way I guess yeah yeah
and that's the other now on that note
the one minor thing that has changed is
like in the beginning I thought there
was this massive stigma to nursing homes
because like you know oh the nursing
home is whatever you the the family
y'all don't care anymore there's just
dead baggage you don't want make your
house and taking up a room and all the
other things well just throw my nursing
I'm sorry because I before I ban
somebody not every old person is
Alzheimer's you dolt my mom has
Alzheimer's you [ __ ] [ __ ] get the
[ __ ] out sorry go ahead
I don't know this guy just assumes that
I think that like at 65 every random
person my mom was diagnosed sometime
early or early this year and she's got
about five to eight years left okay
sorry go ahead Jesus yeah that the
stigma of nursing homes I did that yeah
like you know it's just you don't care
and you give up and you just want to
throw the rotting corpse at the nursing
home and let them you know yell the sky
for lack of a better like terminology
until they just you know croaking away
or whatever yeah and honestly no not the
case at all not there's just deserted or
just points where like they get so old
and frail that needs so much
care whether it be like you know urinary
laboratory results or you know irritable
bowel syndrome or fighting infection
there's a third or there are so help
eating eating the right things salt and
sodium intakes diabetic was a diabetic
blood sugar measurements there are so
many things that they need that they
practically need around around-the-clock
care and it's like I can't provide that
I realistically I'm not gonna be able to
like maintain working unless I become
your full-time like nurse which what so
it's like yeah there's gonna be a point
we're just like nursing home is not it
shouldn't be stigmatized because like
there's I lost I didn't do honestly I
can't even provide that okay I might
even knowledgeable on all all the things
I need to do so that's something that is
definitely changed for me in the last
three months I I was like no I'm not
gonna do nursing I'm gonna rise up and
be a great grandson take care of her and
it's a lot of work yeah yeah I learned
that uh I learned that real quick and
maybe even more so than a kid because at
least for like little kids like they're
sleeping around the clock at least in
the early like the first six months you
know
yeah yeah so that's the uh that's that's
been that's been that for the most part
I think what else here we have taking
care of her and the other big thing it's
Whalum into things this entire week
which has been like see if the Avengers
taking care of her everyday in some in
some manner it's always like something
to do paperwork or whatever and then she
Game of Thrones god dammit I know I'm
sorry man I haven't uh I saw your tweet
day you were you were going some fool
like um it was so bad I haven't um you
know destiny I read a great quote back
in like 2006 back in the you know a
little bit after the Golden Age of the
internet when we know things were
getting a little more mainstream for the
Internet's a meme meme spectrum and it
said that one of the laws of the
internet back in the golden day was caps
lock is cruise control for being cool
and I saw anything I mean no I'm being
sued your dude you you are never a dark
I said I I just I I do this I say this
code all the time that caps lock is
cruise control Furcal I didn't know if
you were like repeating it back I'm here
so that's that's not a saying it's like
a rule for life that's like joining
Peterson sells his book if you get the
extradition is that called 13 rules for
life and that's actually the final rule
is that caps lock this cruise control
for cool yeah you just like you know
caps law when you go in full throttle
like you're not doing like you know
regular capitalization and then you
escalate into caps lock when you start
fifth gear caps lock that is the
equivalent of peeling out in the parking
lot and then flicking off your your boss
on the last day of your job or whatever
like it's just like you're a badass man
you [ __ ] did it know that once we
I'll even what you even said any mourn
that won't you but your own well hey we
can talk about that because that's one
of our big topics today about whatever
the [ __ ] was going on I don't know like
winter sucked with the Dragons sucked or
the or the chick sucks or everyone sucks
I don't know but like who man might
whoops my phone just not boobs today
guys
nice try though almost got me there okay
sorry but something my phone plugged in
in it that little box popped up over
your thing but it wasn't boob so that's
okay
okay the small topic was Game of Thrones
it was [ __ ] horrible but we can't
really talk much about that two big
topics okay we can tackle them or any
order but these are both these are real
big ones okay are you ready
first one just talking about endgame
which honestly I don't think is gonna be
very exciting but we'll see and then the
second one is spoiler culture wolf
alright which one you want to do first
let's get in game out of the way let's
get it's gonna be like a tracking the
plot then we either like or dislike it
compared to infinity war and then
compare like the whole thing and then
but yeah the other ones a little more
open-ended doesn't really have a
definitive ending to discuss oh it does
it does have a definitive ending and I
will end it all right okay all right mr.
confident let's uh alright so uh I don't
know give a give a siren warning we're
gonna spoil the living [ __ ] Avengers you
haven't seen yet I don't know snap
yourself out of here I guess okay I'm
not gonna lie
let's start with overall impressions
okay I'm a little disappointed because
like it wasn't it wasn't like amazing
not at all but it wasn't bad at all I
thought it was kind of like I thought
the word the best way that I can
describe it would be like satisfying it
was satisfying I guess yeah it's a very
I can agree that it's a very satisfying
experience and that's like tenfold if
you're even a modest MCU fan like if you
if you've just like in general watched
over half of the film's accumulating to
this point there's there's at least
something you're like you get you you
get cater to and you get some really
giddy you can call it fanservice you can
call like indirect answer because it's
like kind of tell it to the plot like
somewhat a little bit but yeah you
definitely get some some really hype
stuff there for just the general
spectacle of a movie going experience
yeah but uh yeah I can go through there
my my my first thing I was really where
I was like you know it's a runtime three
hours and two minutes I was like I don't
you know I'm a big fan of like I guess
like doing the build-up and everything I
think that it's okay but they probably
could have cut out maybe something maybe
made that shorter cuz damn there's a lot
of build up to getting like the planet
away and everything mm-hmm yeah I can
agree that the uh which I will I want to
get into when discussing the structure
of the film but my back to my initial
impressions here three hours and two
minutes
I was scared them be like some kind of
like synthetically bloated mess which I
wouldn't I wouldn't call it anywhere
near that but certainly I'm just like I
when I first saw the movie I was like it
didn't feel like I didn't feel that
fatigue of like a three hour run time
because it's a lot a lot of plot happens
in the film but I when I when I reflect
back I'm like mm-hmm
yeah there's clearly like a there's a
very vivid I would say probably two
tonal shifts in the film and I wonder I
wonder if it could have been more
cohesive and if perhaps cutting down the
runtime could have helped that a little
bit maybe hold on um there is one thing
that this film did I needed to my air up
real quick because it's real hot in here
or no cold in here so I need to turn the
air down there is one thing that this
movie did I think this we map to my chat
okay
so they know the answer Eddie don't look
at the don't look at the chat okay
there's one thing that this movie did
that was amazing that I didn't think was
possible in any Marvel movie to do and
it actually did this let's see if you
can figure out what it was hold on one
sec I'll give you like 10 seconds mm-hmm
what's the one thing that would impress
destiny Oh a guy I got it
all right I'm thinking it I was it was
the fact that during the in the opening
30 minutes when they have the Alcoholics
Anonymous like coping meeting you saw
that Joe Russo one of the directors does
like a cameo as a I don't know like a an
MPC in the post Thanos snap world huh
and he talks about having doing like a
thing with his boyfriend so the
characters opened the gate so it was
that was an openly gay character in the
MCU yeah as a you went way to ask eww
it's been fundamentally more fundamental
than that Triax it was the fact that
they actually made Hawkeye an
interesting character possible dude he's
so boring but watching this members like
Oh Hawkeye is kind of cool and he's kind
of interesting I didn't think that was
literally the most impressive part of
this movie I mean I didn't think it was
possible this is the [ __ ] most boring
horrible work scared I've ever seen and
the whole [ __ ] everything he [ __ ]
shoots arrows out of some Dumbo he has
no superpowers but in this movie that
was actually kind of cool there you go
it's all I got
yeah I never cared for him in Avengers
age of Ultron but I think Ultron's kind
of like a [ __ ] show of a movie like it's
easing my least-favorite Avengers film
and he gets a lot he does a lot of
things there and I just never really
cares I'm just like I can i to me he's
feels like disposable fodder it's just
gonna advance the plot somehow in some
way so I am yeah I'm not really a I I do
agree got something that so much needed
a development time here for sure mm-hm
but I do wonder if the people who are
Hawkeye fans like or those who are not
who advocate Basil could be duplicate I
have nothing to really compare them to
but I hear that I hear that arrow on a
you know on CW the DC's arrow is
actually pretty badass so I wonder if
like it's just because like the could be
comparisons of a better characters given
like more focus and development on its
own show uh-huh yeah I'm not really sure
yeah but I hear you there so let's see
here where we want to begin okay so do
you want to go with the opening question
here because it's the one I probably get
the most which is like is it worth
seeing and is it better than Anthony war
those are the two like very broad
questions I have probably pretty
complicated answers but do you mean
it's the most popular movie like it has
a largest opening of any movie ever if
you care about like pop culture like
hero movies or whatever you know you
should probably see it I imagine right I
mean it's wrapped up a lot of the Marvel
stuff if you don't care about like I
guess people call it cape [ __ ] or like
superhero movies or whatever or like
pop-culture you probably don't need to
see it it's not like an amazing movie I
don't think and then infinity war I
thought was way better
I could rape actually yeah I have like I
have like okay so can we let's go back
then if any more quick so my own
infinity war I I generally have minimal
complaints about it but they're
addressed but there is one glaring one
that I'm not a fan of oh and it's a an
infinity war if you recall here whenever
everyone's that everyone's in Wakanda
and pretty much the the alien invasions
coming the from from thanasis planet or
whatever and they they put the giant
like blue like shield over Wakanda and
they then teach Allah is all like you
know leave open up a little gap and they
have that that that is like 20 minute
battle in the final third of the movie
we're like they're trying to you know
you have Scarlet Witch and everyone in
the Macondo laboratory trying to get a
visions piece reassembled or whatever
the [ __ ] doing with the vision and you
pretty much you knew this whole battle
here was gonna be filler you knew
they're just gonna be synthetic steaks
building up to a point where they have
to either either they're going to like
get visions extraction done in time or
something's gonna happen or gonna the
bad guys gonna bust into visions or the
lair with vision in it and it's gonna be
like a fight right there to protect
vision and they continue doing that you
know either way the whole battle of
Wakanda on the on the four level in the
field while there were some cool scenes
spell it felt like bloated nothingness
it felt like a bloated artificial steak
enhancement until it never to believe if
they on those shows up in the first
place I mean isn't that like every
single type of that movie ever like
isn't that Braveheart and the Patriot
isn't that all three Lord of the Rings
movies like I mean like every fight
fight follows those general types of
things like you can even follow like
little narratives and every fight where
it's even Game of Thrones airs every it
seemed haha [ __ ] I somebody didn't you
on this but it's like every fight you
have like the beginning is where things
seem dreary but there's like a lot of
hope and then maybe there's like a a
little peak we're like the good guys are
doing cool [ __ ] you're like oh and then
it starts to slide down down down down
down and then it becomes like the most
hopeless and then maybe you have these
like little peaks and valleys like it's
Gandalf showing up or it's the the elf
dude and the dwarf dude like killing a
lot of dudes and then right before it
looks like all hope is lost like the
magical thing whether it's Aragorn with
like the army of the undead or some [ __ ]
shows up and like saves the day like I
think that like that general formula is
pretty much followed in like every major
battle saying I think that's a fair
point
I'm seeing here I'm um getting this
agreement from right now that's just
maybe it was close like that this is
honestly a critique I really had on my
second viewing of infinity war so maybe
maybe I was being too harsh from that I
could be persuaded otherwise um it could
have been because it was just like the
opponent's were were we're literally
like pawns it was just like no CGI alien
blob that they were fighting mostly it
wasn't like a you know I can because I
compared like that to perhaps and I
shouldn't compare it to like to the
airport scene in Civil War but like that
to me me because like every character
had like stakes going on and just here I
just think what are they are the blobs
actually gonna like win or someone get
killed in that battle
not really so just like I don't know and
maybe um but yeah maybe that's that that
could in the case like I don't know I've
been kind of like burned out a little
bit on the whole like let me just have
like a CGI blob fight the enemies and
you know cuz it happens and Suicide
Squad it happens and probably too many
cape ship movies to count this point and
maybe that's kind of where I got a
little bit different on it there but
yeah it also was a little ridiculous
and I guess maybe it doesn't matter but
like we were kind of meaning and
infinity where I probably gonna bring
every single person back they pretty
much every single person came back like
I think we only had like Ironman it's
probably the only like sad hero death I
think like in all of this movie were
there any oh and I guess black widow
yeah yeah and like so black widow was
like whatever no one cares about her
anyway let's be real and then Ironman is
has had like 50 [ __ ] movies where
it's kind of centered around him anyway
so like besides that like yeah I don't
know it seems a vision I guess if you
care about that
oh yeah yeah actually no that's another
one - that kind of uh that kind of also
didn't really work for me either I'm not
saying it was done poorly but uh Scarlet
Witch in the visions like whole romance
subplot and Infinity Ward I don't know
Scarlet Witch and the co and the vision
some blood oh yeah wait was there were
there more movies with them having
romance or no um [ __ ] I haven't seen
like every Marvel movie I didn't know if
they were like more movies I feel like
there was more development with them in
age of Ultron but I haven't seen a
police nature Ultron
twice and it was like people were did
you watch yourself why I did I remember
I remember that actually they don't know
me I'm getting me I'm getting a little
old and crusty my memory but either way
they ya didn't I didn't feel anything
for any of that stuff maybe this was
just too many things going on and in a
in infinity war for me to really like
have that romantic subplot work out for
me huh but yeah I didn't I just I just I
can just say that I didn't feel anything
and that might be a conclusion that it
wasn't done to its highest efficiency
uh-huh I'm really glad that Captain
Marvel didn't have [ __ ] all to do in
this movie I was really worried that she
was gonna be like a central part to
everything after the last movie jeez
that was my biggest concern going out of
the Captain Marvel was that she's so
powerful I mean she's like she doesn't
really even get a scratch on her during
any of the final battle in her own movie
cuz she's so powerful with her woosh
beams that I was worried that she was
gonna be you know the clutch you know
late late game or the the clutch in game
um you know aid to help everyone and
everyone's fallen you know it's like you
know Iron Man's bent over cap America's
like down to like his you know 1hp
everyone's just like about to die and
then like you know the final blow comes
with a nose and then out of nowhere
comes Captain Marvel just like kick his
ass and one today uh-huh
that would have felt very cheap yeah and
I'm very happy that nothing closer it
actually happened yeah so pretty much
your biggest point was just to bring
Tony back to earth which even that could
have been anybody so I'm really happy
about that because I did not like
Captain Moore his character at all so
choose yeah but you know it though the
fact that she doesn't she shows up in
the very beginning and then she's with
the very end to help with the final
battle is like
I I would go further here to say that
her contribution to the film and the
whole idea that you had to inject her um
during I guess what's the end of this
current phase now what I'm gonna face
for your face for they pretty much
really wanted to get her out there
before the end of this current phase
mm-hmm the cinematic universe and I feel
like did that really pay off though I
don't know I don't know I thought you
didn't even really need her in this film
at all honestly you know you could have
easily not her a lot of people in
shadows think she destroyed Thanos his
ship but it didn't really matter I mean
like the whole fight on the ground
seemed like it was over right like once
everybody all the Avengers rolled in it
seemed like the good guys were like
overwhelmingly winning on the ground and
I'm sure like Tony or somebody could
have had like some crazy my little blow
the ship I don't think it was that big
of a deal you know yeah I mean if I had
to like I'm not gonna be like pretend
I'm a riot or anything that it's like
you know you think about the fact that
in Iron Man 3 Iron Man can just like
summon like multiple Iron Man suits at a
whim you know remotely so I just feel
like oh man again super triggered people
are saying that she stopped a snap but
like anybody could have done that
weren't there multiple people that
stopped him from using the Guana that
like jumped on him or whatever like
[ __ ] they almost stopped him from
doing it in the very first Marvel movie
or in the Infinity war I mean like that
could have been Spider Man that could
have been Tony that could have been
literally anybody could have jumped in
and stopped him there just happened to
be that she was one that did it I don't
know why people bring this up because I
got like good arguments I can't tell
like what the but yeah stop oh yeah
Doctor Strange escape stopped at once
like [ __ ] Christ like yeah okay sorry
good no no I agree or I don't think her
her ability to stop them snapping is an
exclusive thing to her no yeah it was
just part of the fight like it was all
just like part of that fight saying yeah
you want to give everyone something cool
to do like you know like should Spider
Man be the one to like you know run away
if the gauntlet and everything probably
not given his like um
pissed off your boots we will see the
iron spider you know run around and am I
wrong somebody is saying I don't know
how the ship wasn't a big deal everyone
was shown to be about to die am I miss
remembering this I thought that once all
of the Avengers rolled in for that final
fight I thought it was a massive stomp I
don't think anybody had trouble did they
except for like the main people fighting
Thanos
but I thought everybody on the ground
was just massively destroying like
everybody on the ground
wait so you're asking here once once the
Avengers came through if the the portal
some doctor strange that the
was lopsided towards the Avengers face
yeah that's what I thought that was my
memory well but then well let's go back
here whatever whenever Thanos commands
the ship that just like start shooting
everyone because he's like getting like
you know [ __ ] over really really hard
isn't that where things kind of like
pause again I felt like the wizard dudes
the time wheezes on the ground like
literally had these giant things I've
like missed redirecting like every
single shot maybe it's just weird
because literally nobody was getting
hurt or killed by any of like the
missile shots from the ship but yeah I
guess I don't know yeah there's a lot
about there's all about that too but
yeah we're we're going all over the
place now do you want to do you want to
be talking about the ending battle here
you want to like bring it back a little
bit further and yes up to you I don't
know we can there's a lot to unpack and
sadly I've only seen it once over I'm
kind of trying to recall [ __ ] I saw
literally almost a week ago
six days ago so I thought we're gonna
get great we're gonna get booty blasted
by chat on on Arden over like exactly
what happened in the battle and perhaps
some debatable logical and fallacies
yeah go but uh but let's go back to the
let's go back to this other thing here
so III bring up I want to bring up here
of the fact that the film feels like
three very different tones that big boot
you can agree on here which is that the
first about 45 minutes feels like
existential dread you know we have to
like really set the tone for like we
live we now exist in a post Thanos snap
world half of humanity is gone half of
life is gone it's it's you know it's
peak sad boys and everyone has to kind
of like deal with it you know because
the ending of it infinity where happens
in Thanos wins so that goes on then we
move into the next part which is the
time travel adventures right and and
that's a very more like upbeat comedic
fanservice II time which is which is fun
it's fun I actually enjoyed it a lot
here and then finally the last I don't
know I don't know the time here but
maybe approximately an hour is the the
battle the finale battle right uh-huh
those of you those are three very
different things going on there do you
feel that it was cohesive enough I
thought it worked I thought it was okay
I thought it went the way it flowed from
one to the other I thought it worked
well yeah I didn't think it didn't feel
like too jarring to me yeah does it have
a couple of like there's a couple of
bumpy rides for me or along the journey
one that I I think
back on now and I'm like I'm just really
confused by was I say she's confused
underwhelmed was whenever Hawkeye is
killing that um that that that that dude
and was that Japan or whatever were they
at Hong Kong I don't know we actually
worked yeah that was the kind of weird I
feel like that need a little more
explanation warrior Avenger thing yeah
I'll try to think of like who's that guy
like sure I know this is and it was like
I I conclude now is just like a bad guy
NPC that he was killing right
is that is that that there yeah that's
basically yeah what that Hawkeye was
Tonya yes I don't guys like I at all I
was like oh you know I don't think he
was anybody important yeah okay okay
yeah so that so that just like kind of
like a yeah NBC that's kind of caught me
off-guard soft I was sitting there like
okay who's this guy who's this guy am i
over is a fair of me to over read that
and try to figure out who it was or
maybe I should just knew early on it was
like a dude so there was that one I
think what was the other I had one more
speed bump along that transition but I
came and bought the other one was now
but um yes we did that [ __ ] what else is
there okay so so so you're agreeing that
the 45 minutes is cool I really wish you
know what did I really wish I could see
the second time before this was then I
would be able to go I'm able to come in
here hot with like on the cusp I'm
struggling to really find definitive
arguments that don't that may I may not
be able to call correctly could spin six
[ __ ] days what have you last seen it
you only thought you only saw one so um
I think I saw
today or Sunday destiny bran was marked
so your ending of Game of Thrones would
never work that's how okay well okay
well I mean I made that point about the
about the three tones let's move on to
the next thing here do you want to argue
about time travel you wanna you want to
go over how the it's like this is a very
tricky territory right like when the
minute you you uh you add time travel to
apply it's like boy you got a beautiful
up and cover all of your and fallacies
big time I mean like basically like the
problem is um I mean anytime you've like
introduced like time traveler to
something it's a pretty big day six mock
you know like you pretty much know that
you can use it to like get away from any
consequence I mean I don't like time
travel in almost any [ __ ] movie but I
mean they did it here and it's it is
what it is I don't think there's much to
say no okay so because because there's
thing about it right the if I can just
it for a second here whenever you
introduce time travel is such an like an
Opie advantage at face level because
could you just go back to before the
consequence before the action yeah
pretty much inside knowledge just like
undo everything you know go back in time
and kill famous for he does anything
stupid go back in time when balance is a
child or an on threat and you know just
assassinate him swiftly and have the
entirety of the conflict not happen
whatsoever which is probably a boring
film right
yeah the like so if you have time travel
you have to like make that option not
viable for some reason well and they
didn't even really address that because
I think somebody jokingly suggested was
it the who is the who's the black Iron
Man guy I don't even know what is in
universe name is the black the black I
mean guy Don Cheadle who is war machine
war machine yeah like I think wasn't he
the one that's suggested like we should
just go back and kill like baby Thanos
and they were like no dude that's messed
up and then that's all they said I don't
remember I don't remember if the Hulk um
did they'll give a reason why you can't
change the timelines or something well
from what do you explained here it's not
like they went out of the way to explain
it's not like back to the future and
it's not like Bill and Ted's awesome
adventure or whatever or Hot Tub Time
Machine it's not like you go back in
time and you're near the same timeline
it's like your timeline happens you
don't go back in your same one when you
go back in time you're now in a
different reality so it's like two
existing realities parallel so like
weren't worth but
weren't they supposed to merge all the
realities at the end debate that they
explained that it wasn't the whole point
of going back in time and putting the
stones back in was to merge it all back
at the end remember when he was talking
to the was it when a the Hulk guy went
and talked to the time stone lady she
was like well this is gonna like change
everything in my reality it's gonna be
[ __ ] and the Hulk said well at the end
we're gonna go back I'm gonna put the
stones back so that everything is like
in the eye that was going to like keep
their realities like from having any
crazy problems that they wouldn't
because they don't want to [ __ ] their
their other realities or sounded like
the moral honestly okay so let's pause
there why even have an obligation to
care about other realities like that's
the way to do this we're not doing it
like it's not Yuri Ali if we're agreeing
here that their parallel reality is just
like be me cut throat and say [ __ ] them
I want my reality not stompy [ __ ] up
so I guess I don't I don't know if they
ever want to imply I get that what kind
of fog movie down with all the the
ruleset of time travel but it wasn't
really to me depicted why why you should
care beyond just moral moral goodness to
like prepare their other realities but
they go back in time to not [ __ ] there's
a I don't understand that as them
wanting to merge those were you I
thought that was I thought when he
showed I thought wasn't you showed the
animation of like the thing or whatever
I thought it was to like merge him back
or whatever I thought that's what they
said was to put the stone back to like
bring it back I thought that was like
didn't he make like the hand things like
merge like we can bring it back in line
so that there's still like one reality
or some [ __ ] or mmm [ __ ] I don't I want
to say no I don't remember it I remember
that being a thing I'm gonna have to
like this I but but we have to uh
but I'm have to like go back on this
like 34 30 70 we're like so many recent
I'm saying no but some people are saying
yes I can but I can't tell and everybody
think funny for not understanding it but
I can't tell it was just like the
average [ __ ] chatter like didn't
watch the movie or what I'm not sure
right but I might be wrong I thought
that the point was that when she so she
said when Bruce went back in time I
think this is when Iraq of time to get
the time stone he said I need that stone
and she said well if you take the stone
what's gonna happen is and then she
poked the thing in the in the reality
and it showed like the little flow up
she's like well now you've created my
reality which is gonna be [ __ ] and
then he's like oh well what I'll do is
I'll bring the stone back to you - like
merger
reality back and so that we get rid of
this like alternate timeline or whatever
so that everything will be made right I
thought that's what Bruce said I thought
that was specifically the conversation
they had yeah that that sounds correct
yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna not [ __ ] your
reality I'm not gonna [ __ ] you over okay
so I don't know why everybody was like
spamming no and I'm like that's where I
get lost
oh I'm sorry when I say mergers me like
bring it back in like you have two
separate realities and you bring them
back so there's only one reality when
you take two and make it into one I use
the word merge there because I that's
usually how I understand the word merge
to work but but yeah I guess like get
rid of like the other reality or maybe
so there's just one after right
maybe maybe let's uh okay so let's pause
okay so we so we covered the general
like what oh yeah that's right she
leaves the term clipping branches yes
yeah okay gotcha okay sorry okay so this
okay so let's get that the way so we so
we've explained why time travel gets a
key because there's just like
convenience overload you have to like
figure out a rule set to make the movie
not be a boring go back in time kill
baby Thanos and GG know wat right let's
let's take a second here because I think
back here and there there are two points
so I'm just like really like okay okay
movie okay dude which is like one I
guess I'm a can just like make anything
he wants conveniently like The Time
Machine right time machine they they use
let's go over this again here so you
need you need the what is it the little
serum capsules in order to like go back
in time right the little red ones I mean
I thought you did because that's what
they were using right yeah well then how
did they know spring like his whole army
and everything without like a [ __ ] ton
of those capsules how did he bring them
all through the time machine going
forward do you know
well nebula - 2014 nebula you know ho
sneaks into the the present instead of
the twenty instead of present-day nebula
remember to go back in time when they're
on the yeah people are saying he had one
capsule but that is that enough to bring
a whole army it like a whole ship full
of like things it's just one capsule
there that's a good okay boys saying
that apparently they created more Pym
particles or whatever okay nevermind
okay okay cuz that's why I'm yeah cuz I
was a thing as well I was like okay how
did she booked it so it's the dad way so
yes so if 2014 nebula brings back Danis
in the entire ship and all of his army
mm-hmm back in there which is okay cool
but so let's go back here to how the
whole thing works though so the the the
serum the serum thing is like what can
bring back someone and someone can be
holding objects while they're being
traveled back through time or whatever
um the time machine itself though who
who made it I'm trying to member who
even built it the diamond just like
casually build a time machine
um okay so I haven't watched Ant Man but
it seems like an ant-man they had one
built that was the van thing that I was
built in a prior movie or whatever and
then I guess you taking their
understanding from that and I guess like
Bruce and then Tony work together to
like make their new like Big Time
Machine right coke and uh Iron Man I
said that's a fair point then the other
one is that this is the one that really
I'm just like this is like my peak okay
dude
so Iron Man can can construct the I
guess like a gauntlet simulator right
you know like phantoms had the glove and
it's like it can house all six of the
Infinity stones but Iron Man could
conveniently make one as well I don't
understand that because it seemed like
um it seemed like it was a really big
deal that getting that garland made from
that big forge in the storm break and
all the other [ __ ] yeah that seemed
like it was a really big deal to get
that gauntlet made like it was such a
big deal that Thanos like destroy the
planet afterwards I thought that was so
nobody else could make it gauntlet or
maybe just make weapons in general but
um yeah and then not only that but then
in the same movie you see that when Hulk
houses the gauntlet like it you know
[ __ ] up half his body and [ __ ]
barely listed his [ __ ] same thing for a
first for Thanos but then I feel like I
was a little caught off guard here
because like you know Iron Man's being a
badass you know he steals those real
quick about this gauntlet people are
saying that gauntlet was scuffed how do
they know that why the caller was
scuffed yeah why are people saying the
gauntlet was messed up how do you know
that how was the gauntlet messed up okay
so I think an idea there would be that
in the beginning the opening like 15
minutes right they know it's like
destroys the stones like it does two
snaps right snap one half humanity snap
two could reread the stone so that the
can't be any uh so no one can do
anything no one can undo what he did or
uh or you know whatever right so maybe
when he destroy the stones that could
have also like ruined the gauntlet
possibly that's why the Hulk and Iron
Man were hurt from using it I thought
that the reason why they were hurt is
because you have to be like tremendously
[ __ ] powerful in order to use the
gauntlet like that's why Thanos is one
like even without the gauntlet Dai
notices supposed to be one of the most
powerful people in the universe right
right so I thought it was just really
really [ __ ] hard in general to use
the stones so let's go um I can't tell
in check oh god I'm okay alright go
ahead
Oh guys so much oh man again super
triggered go ahead overload at this
point yeah well on that no you're saying
that gauntlet that fails is a strong
dude watch me anyway before I get to the
gauntlet so Hulk how's the gauntlet it
like you know he's like paralyzed
through a radiation wherever the [ __ ] it
is the overwhelming power of the stones
all assemble together and one
concentrated or a whoosh beam and it
takes him you know it takes him a while
you he's barely able to snap right and
then it have to half the body gets
eradicated um and then comparatively
when Tony makes his own like custom gone
with 2.0 he's just like I'm Iron Man
[ __ ] and then [ __ ] doesn't like what
seems like a pretty relative ease like I
feel like there wasn't like a uh might
just to assume here that like stark
industry privilege is that strong you
can just like make a better one despite
how that was a whole like the stakes of
what was involved to assemble the
gauntlet and if any more compared to
like the one that Tony made that can
just like a human body can just like
snap that easily with all the power
through them I mean it killed him yeah
but like I don't know i'm so triggered
right outside trying to getting
triggered it killed him but the fact
that he was just a measly human that was
able to snap right he was just a human
and he's happening like right that would
be like me saying like dude like there
is a guy and he was a little like
[ __ ] pick up the entire Empire State
Building like yeah but he still died
doing it okay but it's still insane that
he pick up the Empire State Building why
people saying like he died like oh wow
that was the cost like humans this must
be [ __ ] all in terms of like having a
lot of power like tony was not like a
superhero at any size shape or form I
guess yeah that like that'll thicken his
chess I don't even know if that gave his
normal body more power normally I don't
think it did other than like maybe maybe
he got like jog a little farther but
like yeah I don't know [ __ ] holy [ __ ]
okay psychic on yeah I know that was it
I was like okay so he just casually can
just like make the the gauntlet - oh
like that good that better that powerful
huh
so that that kind of irked me and that
and that um now so that there's that
point and then you brought up here at
the nose as a powerful dude here's
something that I realized okay whenever
there's a point where Captain Marvel is
like kicking the [ __ ] out of tano's
during the final battle right uh-huh and
then like and they lost at this point if
our call correctly has no power stones
he's getting his ass kicked
then he gret that he gets his hands on
the power stone to believe there's a
purple one and then like punches the
[ __ ] out of a Captain Marvel well that
was when he already had the whole
gauntlet on right no I don't think so am
I crazy
I thought that pretty cop I'm pretty
Kali I'm pretty confident Captain Marvel
gets to gauntlet those at the Spider Man
and it's just her 1 v wanting Thanos he
has no stones no no I'm pretty sure he
has the gauntlet on and Captain marbles
trying to take it off of him so he can't
snap his fingers and he reaches forward
and he takes a stone off the gullet and
then skews as the power stone to knock
her off okay
[ __ ] because that was part of the time
when people were trying to keep him from
snapping I I think there were like three
or four different swear he was going to
snap and then people keep him from doing
it and then Captain Marvel was like one
of the ones that stopped him from doing
it but he took this gun off and just
smacked it down okay because I made my
next point here so I thought to like go
about the 900 IQ but I'm spending my
point next point bad uh-uh whenever
whenever they get to the start of the
final battle and it's like it's Iron Man
Captain America and Thor I believe it's
a 3v1 right remember this part mm-hmm
yeah where they're fighting before yeah
before the ship everything shows up
right at that time he has no stones
right correct
yeah because remember Hawkeye is running
down with the gauntlet he's trying to
run away from the monsters that are like
chasing him beneath or whatever so okay
so should should should Thanos with no
stones be able to like keep up with a
3v1
yeah he's supposed to be one of the most
powerful people like in existence he's
supposed to be really [ __ ] powerful
even without the stones that was like
one of the reasons why I thought he was
able to handle the gauntlet and
everything he is like literally one of
the strongest people in the galaxy
before having any of the stones because
remember
just use one stone it took all four
guardians of the galaxy to hold it right
and it was a really big deal that um
what the [ __ ] was that guy's name have
to said here that at the beginning
infinity war he'd be such as Hulk
without any stones did he have the power
stone at that point about to get really
exposure Oh Ronan yeah yeah you'd like
the fact that Ronan could handle even
one stone was like a really big deal he
did have the power stone but he didn't
use it apparently I don't know if just
having it like it's like a passive just
[ __ ] blast one guy in your chat well
I don't know maybe that maybe having the
power stone because you like a passive
power track or something or like a like
an aura increasing your power I thought
I thought I thought I had what I wanted
I wanted to get one one fanboy in my uh
my my k/d ratio today I didn't get it
[ __ ] but anyway yeah I think thinness is
supposed to be literally one of these
strongest beings in the galaxy before
having any stones that's one of the
reason why he's able to go through the
galaxy and like get him all or whatever
right now well you're something also the
analyst is a lot [ __ ] meaner in this
movie than he is the first one I thought
an infinity war thinness was kind of
like I don't know he was like a bro but
he's like he's like a malevolent evil
kind of dude but he's like not like an
[ __ ] he's like he's got his purpose
and he's like very respectful no he's
very very sad whenever he has to kill
Gamora for the the soul stone yeah any
money like [ __ ] up Tony he's like I
hope people remember you like your chili
your bro dude but I like in this movie
he's like huh I'm gonna [ __ ] your plan
it up and I'll [ __ ] love it you
little [ __ ] boys like you seem like a
lot meaner well movie that's actually
for you bringing up right now and that
might be because um two things here one
you remember that you know present-day
panelist is dead in the first 15 minutes
spoilers um and that from here on you're
seeing 2014 Thanos who barely even I
don't like he knows anyone in this film
I think he knows like any of the of the
Avengers personally he just knows that
from the projection from from from the
nebula neural network thing that they're
out there to stop him there all he knows
is her they wanna you know SM work they
want to stop me from doing my Mike my
great plan so [ __ ] them I vehemently
oppose him at all cost
mmm-hmm like you know he's just you know
he's just told them the projection of
the future of the inevitability that
they're gonna stop them no oh yeah and
then he went from like I'm blowing up
half the University I'm destroying the
Universal in remaking in yeah Oh tell me
about that when remember he said
remember he said that like one of the
biggest problems is that if he were to
snap to like destroy half the universe
there would always be people that would
remember what would happen so he needed
to like destroy the entire universe in
all of its memories and then recreate it
I guess with half as many people goddamn
do I that's actually a big point I don't
remember I though I ride this line
sounds familiar but I remember when he
says that do you recall when this was
said um it was I think it was right
before they begin like the three v1 or
whatever he mentions the fact that like
as long as people like you are around to
remember what had happened people always
be trying to undo what I did so what I
need to do maybe I need to recreate the
entire universe without people like you
around to remember it and then no one
will try to undo what I've done they'll
just be grateful or something damn [ __ ]
dude yeah that's crazy
that's crazy yeah people are saying Dano
slash Hulkster napped half the universe
Toni Onley snapped Thanos and his army
oh maybe sure I don't know if one
requires like more power than the other
I'm not sure yeah let's go back on that
one actually so what did what did what
exactly did whole snap for exactly do we
cuz it's never explicitly stated right
it just happens and then and then well
no I think that what they said I think
they talked about it and I like just
bring everybody back don't do anything
weird just bring everybody back as they
were or as they are now or something
like that's like why I think was a
Captain America notice I like just do it
now like don't do anything weird or
whatever I think they made explicitly
say that and then he just snaps to bring
everybody back I think got you gotcha so
that's what the Hulk's now fine okay
just Clare just clarifying on that one
and then okay do you want to is there
anything we talked about concerning the
gauntlet functionality so so we what we
learned this time in this move we didn't
know an infinity war was that when you
snap with the gauntlet what happens it
like it like okay so you're like half
your body gets eradicated if you survive
it which current point Thanos and Hulk
can survive because they're like big
strong dudes or whatever well like I
thought okay so this is like not
explained or maybe there's a QA for this
so there's two theories right now but
between what I have and what Chet has so
I think that like using the gauntlet at
all require
an immense amount of power and will like
half kill you if you're not powerful
enough to do it which is why when Tony
used it and when the Hulk used it it
like [ __ ] them up now some people in
chat are saying that's because that
gauntlet was scuffed but I think it's
just because it you it requires an
immense amount of power to use it right
and the thing that I would source there
would be when the guardians of the
galaxy tried to hold the power stone
just that one stone alone was very
difficult for all four of them to hold
and I'm quill is wait quill right is the
name of the yeah Peter quill you know
he's like what half God and even he has
trouble like holding on to it right so
like yeah so I think that that's why it
like [ __ ] with him so much and then the
reason why Danis is normally able to use
it but when he used the gauntlet to
destroy the stones that was something
that was so big and such a huge deal
that that [ __ ] up like half his body
but that's just because it was such a
bigger task than snapping not happy
right you know mm-hmm
you know that that is no small feat
deleting system32 is a that's a very
ambitious task you know only the most
powerful than world's can do so sure
okay so we uh your theater start
cheering when captain picked up Thor's
hammer yeah they're like three or four
moments I think we're mo the theater
okay actually do you want to get to this
now theatre etiquette and what what
happened on your screen compared to my
screening I'm sure so let's see my
theater cheered once the the the Marvel
crawl was opening like window when the
thing started like in the movie when the
trailer the last rail is officially done
people started cheering right away so
that the you know that the fanboy boner
was like at an all-time high
like my screening was sold out it was
pretty lit and I there was a couple
times where there was a americlaps and
cheers but the loudest one was when
Spiderman appeared finally yeah a little
for spider-man people obviously did it
for cut I wish that the Captain America
this is gonna be like my inner anime
coming out I wish that the Captain
America picking up the how do you
pronounce it just like molnar or
whatever yeah I don't know how it's
spelled so I can it's like MJ o L NIR
something I never know how to pronounce
this thing because I never hear
pronounce well it's like it's me it's
like the owner or something or whatever
but um I wish that he picked it up there
like a really important moment like
right before [ __ ] was about to get
[ __ ] so that I would have been like a
epic moment rather than just like hey as
part of this fight like oh I pick up the
hammer and I'm ready to fight I wish it
would have been like it would've been
like some crazy or [ __ ] going on but
that I guess yeah people obviously
clapped when that happen
yeah and then people clapped I heard man
I heard a lot of sobbing during the
after the after man's death oh my god
there is a girl two seats away from me
that was actually like was like actually
crying yeah I don't know yeah I I mean I
got I got teary-eyed um we think okay
when it came to crying I didn't actually
cry but I did get teary-eyed and I got
like a hazy throat from being in near
cry potential for a while but I'm trying
maker it wasn't during it wasn't Iron
Man's death and it wasn't [ __ ] when did
I but now when I was doing it it wasn't
like it wasn't whenever um spider-man
was like you know poking at a Tony
because I saw that coming like I don't
know maybe I was like too busy thing
waiting for like a twist to come and no
one actually is gonna die or whatever
but when was I said [ __ ] I don't member
now Jim I'm bad I'm sorry six days ago I
apologize y'all I don't know I was I was
teary-eyed in a moment it was a moment I
didn't expect and as I when Tony's
message playing for his daughter at the
end no no it wasn't it wasn't that time
when Tony was hugging spider-man I don't
know yeah maybe it was dad actually I
think was that actually yeah cuz that
happens before Tony's like dead right
yeah yeah I think those actually was
that cuz I'm like oh oh oh daddy issues
I'm gonna hit my feels right now here I
like to okay here one this is one line I
have a major problem with that I
actually this is like of all the stuff
where I'd be like majorly critical this
was actually a really bad line I thought
and I would be really curious to hear a
defense of this and then the second one
I think was a mistake but I could see it
argued either way the first one that I
really don't like so like in a way I
guess depending on how you look at these
hero movies these have all kind of been
a lot of these Avenger movies seem like
they've kind of been about Tony
right like Iron Man is like a very
central character to like especially
like an age of Ultron kind of and in the
first Avengers movie he's like the one
that saves everything right that it
seems like on it's kind of revolved
around him quite a
and then this movie as well I don't like
when he asks dr. strange like something
about like what's gonna happen or
whatever and dr. screech looks at him
and he's like if I tell you what's gonna
happen you're not gonna do it or
something or something like that he
basically makes it sound like if Iron
Man has the option to sacrifice himself
or not that if he knows he's gonna have
to he won't do it I don't like that cuz
I feel like the whole evolution of
Tony's character was that he was willing
to make this sacrifice and it seemed
really weird for dr. strange to like
preempt him by saying oh well you're not
gonna sacrifice I was like well wait
hold on he actually he will though why
would you say that I don't know well
maybe that's why maybe okay maybe that
may seem genuine to that character and
and that's why they added more stakes
now you know now five years later Tony
has a daughter with peppers and yeah I
know but it just seems like it just
seemed like it undermined the [ __ ] out
of his character arc if I tell you what
will happen it won't happen I don't know
I just
yeah that felt kind of said to me like
wow he's like cuz he knowingly like
makes a sacrifice like I don't know if
he knew that he was wanted was I gonna
survive that I'm sure he knew there was
like a big risk about that but you know
no I don't even go further say that if I
was not the strange it's like you just
want to remove variables and it seems
like you know the variable you don't
want introduced I wouldn't necessarily
be over read that as like a comic
infliction of Tony's character I mean it
was a pretty important line it was a
pretty big line when he said it like
everything Doctor Strange says seems to
carry a lot of gravity so him saying
that makes us sound like if he would
have told Tony that he needed to
sacrifice himself that Tony wouldn't
have done it and that just I don't know
that seems to me to like undermine the
[ __ ] I interpret that as I he he
might have not done it he would
definitely do it when put against the
wall but when he's given the option he
might have not which is just a variable
and you don't want the variables no but
yeah but you feel like he sacrificed
herself in Avengers 1 even right he
almost died doing that like I don't know
yeah there was that and then I almost I
could kind of see this going either way
or whatever but at the end when he says
like I am Iron Man I almost thought he
was gonna say like I'm Tony Stark or
something instead that he was gonna like
oh and like his own persona like
separate himself from the suit a little
bit like I was like a like a more
evolved person rather than just being
like a suit that like flies around and
like blows people up that he's also like
a human as well and like the stakes are
higher and he's like fighting for human
and you blah blah blah I almost thought
that he was gonna say something like
that instead of saying like I am Iron
Man
although I know that that's I thought
that's that's a better movie writing
thing for character development but it's
a better one-liner for merchandising
maybe yeah and it's also obviously they
call back to the first movie but I don't
know I feel like it would have shown
like the total completion yeah I feel
like it would've shown like the total
completion of like his character arc
though right because it still would have
worked as a callback to the first movie
to say I'm Tony Stark
rather than saying I am Iron Man
obviously I'm Iron Man like harkens back
a little bit more but it still would've
been a callback but then it also would
have shown like I guess like the total
completion of his character arc that he
like exists as a human that's more than
just like an arrogant like pile of metal
that flies around doing cool [ __ ] or
whatever but Anna know that you're
bringing up a very fair point I just
feel like that was that line the version
you're saying with the character rather
than the the suit the suit title mm-hmm
it's better writing I think I've been a
better right decision but merchandising
dictates that and marketability takes a
said that that line would be it's gonna
it's gonna be a better push for
merchandising mm-hmm what here's a good
question what changed to make Captain
America pick up the hammer like he
almost could in age of Ultron
why was he able to know what chose so i
oh okay I'm Mike am I getting bullied
really hard here but I interpret that as
the scene in an age of Ultron where he
couldn't do it or I think I understand
he was he was mimicking like he he just
didn't want to reveal that he could for
the sake of Thor's ego no way that would
be a huge thing do you think that that's
why I interpret it as but let's let's
find out if I'm an idiot or not I have
to like yeah as usual we get it 5050
here so I don't know I don't know those
interpretation things wait wait [ __ ] I
can't play this because I don't meet the
vaad hold on I'm just going through
because I have to I have to watch this
to see if that's actually like
you see here keep talking ya know on ya
so you know I haven't seen again
Avengers age of Ultron in a while here
but I just interpreted that he was just
he was lying about that - Thor people
are saying here that there was a UH
there was a call back in civil war at
some point about this but I don't recall
the scene saddling so Oh some are saying
he was worth D in that moment he was
worthy of it because he was doing it for
a good cause whatever I don't know that
seems pretty situational but sure yeah I
don't know now looking at this scene if
he was like tricking him or like seek
being secretive about it they didn't
convey that at all I think you'd have to
read into that like really heavily to
think that people say something somebody
said it was cuz captain was no longer a
war monger and Thor one Thor lost the
hammer because he was too quick to fight
captain was too quick to fight until
endgame where he gave up the fight to
get a life okay that could make sense
okay okay
III didn't I didn't know those
properties of the of the hammer we're
gonna have Afghans pronounced though but
um okay so I'll understand its it's
treated similar to like Goku's flying
Nimbus it's like you know you got to be
pure of heart order to ride I didn't
hear you got to be like pure of hardened
mm-hmm
you know true a true warrior of the
great cause in order to of good nor it's
a wield the hammer so something that I
thought was interesting that maybe could
have been expanded on more is if they
would have cut a little from the first
act and gave more to the second act the
idea of revisiting past movies is
actually that idea I feel is like that's
like an 11 out of 10 idea that could
have been explored in really [ __ ]
cool ways but I feel like they didn't do
it enough like Tony like the moments
where Tony gets to like see his dad or
whatever I think are those are like
really cool wholesome moments and then
like you know a Captain America fighting
Captain America it's kind of a funny
meme like I feel like they could have
done a lot more in those scenes and
instead they gave it like the briefest
treatment possible and yeah I don't know
and then they're yeah the whole thing
low-key get spend so much time yeah it's
you think about the movie structure now
it's like you have to establish the tone
and how dreadful the consequence of the
previous film are and that takes a while
to go through then you go into
ultimately having to establish all the
rules of time-travel what it is and what
it isn't it's not back to future it's
not Bill and Ted's awesome adventure etc
and then finally they begin to do you
know they've gotta do some testing to
explain how the quantum how the quantum
realm works and then finally they they
get into mating they do all the fun
stuff here I do agree with you there and
it does I want to briefly derail that
point to say that my the I don't know my
favorite part of the movie is I would I
would know the answer by my second
viewing but like just cuz there's like
too many things I like that I can narrow
down to a definitive top list but um my
funniest moment in the entire film the
moment I actually laughed the hardest
was whenever um when they go back in the
2012 for Avengers 1 and Hulk sees past
Hulk being like a you know a SM or
Raging you know toxic beaming League of
Legends player just throwing his
keyboard everywhere and he's like
cringing at that that I that I was
actually died but that was like really
really funny to me honestly uh-huh yeah
for sure there I thought he camera in
this movie was really good alone I
thought y'all about that was actually
funnier than fortnight Thor but you tell
me here would you what was your funniest
moment um what was the funniest moment
um they have a Hydra thing was pretty
funny when he came into the elevator
just like defuse all the tension
immediately yeah I thought that was
pretty good um yeah no no I mean I'd
probably go with that oh [ __ ] oh [ __ ]
yeah he called him Thor Lebowski did
they say that at one point that was a
pretty good one yeah I know
there was a visually you knew right away
but did they call oh [ __ ] never mind um
it was the scene at the end with a with
Thor and uh Peter Weir hasn't well like
six times at the end like you're in
charge you're in charge
don't worry oh yeah another really good
one too was whenever they uh they call
back to the beginning of guardians one
when uh when Peter quill is like dancing
on that first planet and holding the
lizards microphone uh-huh and then they
cut away from like the audio of the the
track that's playing at that time and
you're like you see him awkwardly
dancing to her you know yeah that was
actually that was I didn't see Evan
coming oh yeah that was really good for
me
so yeah [ __ ] I still I feel like they
could have done so much more with that
visiting the past timelines I feel like
there is actually there is so much
material there they could
gone with that uh but they didn't like
do it would you have here's a question
would you have liked if they did some
like pseudo inception stuff and gone
further in like you know I don't think
they needed to do inception stuff but
just like seeing things seeing like
those types of scenes again from like
another angle like revisiting something
like that I don't know it's just like
it's very interesting kind of it's like
Back to the Future you ask I guess like
it's just very interesting to see it
from another angle I think okay
now if I can be that guy here here's all
right now this is not I haven't thought
this one through before chat shits on me
I'm imploring you to answer the question
I'm not I'm not accusing of what I'm
saying is what happened here but so you
need the you need the serum capitals in
order to travel back in time right they
go back with those those seem pretty
pretty plot heavy in order to go back in
there
my question is everyone only has what to
write they make it a very important
point in they have limited resource the
only I go forward and get more yeah what
is the what is the reason why they don't
just go back in time and get more or
right away to have less I think that's
what they did once I don't know why they
didn't do that in the day they know they
go let's we go back to the 70s they they
go they they nobody was like after they
went back the first time and they didn't
want to go forward Tony was like we can
go back to the seventies and get more I
don't know why they didn't all just do
that the first time right is are you
talking about yeah yeah I don't know I
don't know I have a limited resource why
not remove that variable entirely and
just like go back in time with the
objective of getting more in the first
place and then travel with way more of
those capsules and altogether yeah I
don't know maybe the scary part was if
they went back and they couldn't find
any they get [ __ ] I guess but yeah I
don't know yeah maybe I don't know like
I have to again a second view and I'll
be able to like it might be coming it
might it might be you know sometimes
these kind of things are covered by one
line of dialogue that I may have missed
in the sea of quat so I don't know
[Music]
wouldn't that mess with the timeline you
stole the capsules from it's not like
they didn't care about that stuff much I
don't know I don't understand
yeah well now go back to the beginning
thing here which was Woolsey obligations
and I [ __ ] up a timeline other than like
I don't know I don't I feel like I
understand it as well as I was explained
in the movie but like how did Captain
America going back I'm like living his
whole life with that woman how did that
not [ __ ] up
Lyons I don't understand okay I was
actually going to get to that the very
in here like okay so basically no so far
he goes back in time which should be a
different reality and then just like
ages and that reality and then
conveniently gets back to this one not
on the time machine but on a bench and
pun they never use time machine and
didn't do the proper serum measure to go
back to this appropriate reality so it's
like yeah I don't I don't I'm not sure
how did you synchronize your timestamp
to like be brought back by the time
machine because you clearly weren't
where you should have been at that time
so that's a that's where that one is one
that kind of Mike also how did wait did
he have every stone that he returned did
he return all the stones when he went
not from what I understand yeah how did
he manage to get the ones that are like
on other planets and [ __ ] oh just enjoy
enjoy the dance at the very end and and
and and cry missing something or like um
[ __ ] I mean dude a lot of it you know
honestly it's really weird cuz you think
about the this year quantity of actions
that happen like huh that final five
minutes like so much [ __ ] happens he
goes back in time does all that [ __ ] and
then the ages all together lives a full
sixty years or whatever and it comes
back to uh and then there's no just ages
back to that [ __ ] so yeah I don't know
yeah and he only goes back in time once
when there's like four different
timelines I don't understand that yeah I
don't care I don't talk about time I
kind of look too closely time travel cuz
all of it like [ __ ] falls apart
there's only been one thing you said you
watch anime right I used to watching
anime you said you do what Jenna oh yeah
the only thing in my entire the only
show ever seen in my entire life that I
feel does time travel really well is
steins gate that's the only one that
I've ever seen that where I saw it I was
like oh I'm not like cringing like a
[ __ ] have you watched steins gate
no I'm sorry I know do the homework now
like look your magazine we don't we know
overlap on [ __ ] but like the Simon
homework and I'll make a half with him
okay
yeah oh yeah okay um okay so and then it
was hurt
was there anything else did we cover all
the stuff do we want to go into okay
okay this is like a minor thing here but
when Captain Marvel uses her whoosh
beams it's just like like you know to
blow up
Thanos to ship and it crashes down right
um is there is there ever like a
conflict of depicted power between when
she's fighting Panos and her abilities
to blow that tires well that's that
happens always that's just a Marvel
reality now like for instance and this
happens in an infinity war when so I'm
pretty sure in infinity war the Scarlet
Witch woman is like one of this maybe
even stronger than Loki I don't know she
is but you watch her fight alongside
almost you watch her fight alongside
Black Widow like they're equals
when they're fighting that one woman
down in the trench and it's like wait
what the [ __ ]
so like I like the power levels are
always like really [ __ ] off and rest
up I mean that's just like a reality of
the of the way that Marvel works you
know yeah yeah then you then you asked
it okay what is black widows power just
like she's just a really deadly assassin
yeah she does a Glock yeah I don't know
yeah yeah okay well then let's go over
the let's go into the other thing here
which is the the consequence right so so
black widow is the sacrifice for the
soul stone right that that Hawkeye
acquires and she's quote oh I guess you
know perma dead or whatever right as is
present-day Gomorrah also perma dead
right no she's pretty much back they
just have to fall in love again or
whatever like okay wait no 2014 Gomorrah
came to present time and helped present
they nebula but present day but
present-day nebula kills 2014 nebula
shoots her in the chest fire call
correctly and now 2017 Gamora is still
dead from the soul stone because you
can't resurrect soul stone sacrifices
from what I understand
and right now 2014 Gamora is just stuck
in the end
and in the present different reality
yeah but I think the implication is that
that 2014 Gomorrah is probably gonna
fall in love with Peter gonna no live
happily after some [ __ ] but I'm still
corrector there right are you oh no oh
oh oh unser untie hold on literally
you're correct yeah yeah yeah you know
100 cent literally you're correct it is
a different Gomorrah but I'm just saying
like it's not like you feel like
Gomorrah is actually dead it's gonna be
like I'll say like the ending of steins
gate but that doesn't mean anything to
you but like it like he'll fall in love
with that come Oregon it'll be blow ah
right yeah okay sure so we have us we
have different Gomorrah there's got to
relearn everything which which obviously
no sure resolved all that in Guardians
three and then and then but but but
present 2020 whatever twenty twenty
nineteen black widow is is dead dead
dead there's a weird thing though she's
she's confirmed for a standalone film I
believe supposed to come out in Twenty
twenty two twenty three because the fans
have been like fans have been wanting
for a long time now you know you like
Marvel films have been with majority a
sausagefest there's very little female
[ __ ] going on here as far as like main
characters ago and so uh you know
they're gonna finally give Kevin Feige a
refill he's working on getting a
standalone film for her uh-huh and I'm
wondering like what does that actually
mean now like I mean like a prequel does
that mean like wait for which character
again for Black Widow yeah I would have
to be like a prequel right - yeah I'm
just ready you wanna she's like super
dud I think when you die - this all
stone you'd like you're super dud
you're like ultra head yeah yeah is
there a way that explains like that
planet and that character or is I just
like something it just seems like
presented and like infinity you mean up
for me or whatever yeah whatever but
that shows like in another movie or
something or do you just that's just
like a lot happens right by coincidence
they get my girlfriend caught we'd be
watched Captain Marvel won and in
Captain Marvel 1 Red Skull touches the
tesseract at the climax battle of
Captain America and he teleports away
but you don't know to where and you
don't find out until you know like
freakin eight years later when it's the
the tesseract teleported him to for me
or where he became where he explains
infinity war he's like cursed to now be
the
whatever the referee is an American one
is what do you might write yes I good
yeah
oh my bad Captain America one one my
posit y'all y'all know what I man shut
up how [ __ ] would it be if you had like
a boyfriend in high school
you're like 14 years old and then this
snap kills everybody and then you're
like 19 and this not brings everybody
back but they're 14 still cuz they
wouldn't have aged right now a now we're
getting into the hot [ __ ] here you know
it would be unethical to continue that
relationship do you think that when they
snap do you think that like fetuses
could have been killed with that or like
a mom could die like the fetus just drop
to the ground or oh boy okay but alright
hang on okay now if we're gonna go this
hard okay so and in Star Wars Episode
eight the last Jedi whenever whatever
Mark Hamill like dies after doing his
like fought teleportation [ __ ] in
the men the phenomena the finale battle
the lasers are pointed at him or
whatever he fades away including his
metal arm and so if we if we let the
fact that like non-biological material
like a synthetic metal arm also be
tethered to like another realm of some
sort then I'm gonna let that science
fantasy apply here in this reality now
and it means that all communities are
completely allowed he's almost awkward
why I said that when Spiderman went back
to school everybody was still the same
age as him oh that's awesome dude hey no
wait
all right wait okay um do you want to
bring another really really dumb one
because I saw I saw a little bit of a
half in the bag and they they bring up a
really jarring one that thought was
pretty funny it's not like a big deal
but it's kind of funny so if you recall
at the beginning of endgame the Hawkeye
it hawk guys had in the barbecue of his
family right teaching his daughter how
to how to shoot the bow and arrow
whatever yeah turns around they'll get
Thanos snaps but it's it's daytime right
go back to infinity war the same snap is
being depicted but now it's in Wakanda
Oh commas in Africa seven-hour you know
seven-hour minimum time difference here
it's also daytime there
shouldn't it be not daytime in both
areas at the same time Oh shouldn't one
area be like nine times like that's true
oh that's a continuity area ooh ooh ooh
so sorry I'll just root I just ruined
your rewatch of a end game literally
unwatchable goddamnit you [ __ ] so it
could be daytime in both hmm someone's
looked at and said it makes sense where
was morning in America an early evening
in Wakanda I guess that it could be I
almost say it can't be unlikely people
are saying it takes some time to travel
around the world but that would mean it
would take literally years and year like
[ __ ] millennia for it to go across
the galaxy like walleston if you also
argue here you know is that the snap not
everyone dies immediately you know it's
it seems like it's kind of a queue of
people slowly dissolving away and so
like am i what what
all right here I'm sorry keep talking
I'm gonna get tall from a call from
Tyler horn blows [ __ ]
Dawa doesn't call me on my [ __ ] phone
doesn't reply of my teams one team on
Twitter damn well anyways though um [ __ ]
I say here again the UH
[ __ ] I [ __ ] a [ __ ] brain fart I
just now
[Music]
alright so the UM you know and whenever
the snap happens it happens in Wakanda
in Africa so maybe you know when you're
the closest to the gauntlet know you're
get likely to die quicker and it has to
like you know travel like anything else
you know speed of light travel speed of
sound travels so you think of a radius
wave going out here and you know so if
you're a way out you know and USA you
know you might like you might not get
hit for you know it might take a couple
of hours quote-unquote for the for the
for the way to hit you you know who even
knows and this is we have to ask you you
know what are the based off of how
everyone does the end of infinity war do
we have do we have any like concrete
implications of how long it takes for
the the snap cue to kick in so
mmm shouldn't have been to captive
members in the end oh [ __ ]
damn okay wait let me think about that
one captain Captain America travels back
in time and then just like lives his
life in the past and it comes back
forward but he should be a different
reality from what I understand correctly
but perhaps he like just he just like
you know teleports back to this reality
but he does so without using time
machine this is not back on them he's
not back on the time machine he stays on
the bench resting so if we if we ignore
that part right there shouldn't
shouldn't this realities Captain America
be walking around somewhere
hmm
well [ __ ] that's a problem I can't
really answer that question I answered
the first one you know why did Captain
America come back to our reality
presently or not so he can't really
answer if there's true Captain America's
we're not before that one hey hey hey I
said wait 40 seconds you talk about time
travel again what did I tell you I'm
sorry I was entertaining a thought here
somebody somebody asked way people are
saying or I'm sorry so I'll keep on
finish your thing wait yeah no no it's a
difference oh you're gonna call
everybody okay right here no I um [ __ ]
was gonna see her again Oh someone was
asking shouldn't it be - Captain
America's at the very end of the movie
because yeah I wouldn't think so but I
don't know what the problem there is it
as well saying for Captain America
Charles back in time to return all the
stones who's a different reality and
just chooses to like exist and live his
life in that previous reality yeah it's
back to the present time right no no I
don't think he ever comes back that's
the whole point he didn't back me that's
lives his life through that reality yeah
and is eventually present ain't collides
or whatever yeah he just walks to that
bench and sits there and waits for them
to strike I know kind of like they say
back to the zoo
so he should be in a different reality
based off the rules I understand so far
I don't know but that's what we don't
know right but perhaps he had a time
serum and he just like lives his life in
that past reality and then and then you
know at age 105 says are you [ __ ] I'm
gonna go back in time until I go back to
my my actual reality until everyone that
I'm oh people are saying he's the other
Captain America is frozen and I so he
did come back I don't know I don't
understand that part I don't know I'm
kind of think about it so you know
perhaps he had the serum thing and he
goes back and he goes back to this is
correct reality but then if he does do
that that requires a that requires a
time stamp which he didn't obey from
hold and requires him coming back on the
on the time machine
pedestal which he does not he's on the
bench uh-huh so it's like unless all
that kamini happens like off-camera you
know you know all you can just say
there's okay he coincidentally knew the
time stamp was able to like retro
actively coordinated somehow Oh
maybe okay so camera like he walks off
the pedestal to the bench before
everyone's there just waste their for an
hour for ever the show up yes I like
this is what the player
the director said to me Captain
America's action in the end wasn't the
fact he wanted to change anything it's
more like he has made a choice he chose
to go back to the past and lived with
the one he loved for the rest of his
life the time travel in this movie
created an alternate reality he lived a
completely different life in that world
we don't know how exactly his life
turned out but I'd like to believe he
still helped many others when they were
needed in that world yes there were two
Captain America's in that reality it's
just like what the Hulk said what
happened in the past has already
happened he could go back to the past
you simply create a new reality the
characters in this movie created a new
timeline when they went back to the past
but it's led no effect in the prime
universe what happened in the past 22a
we still can I don't know what that I
don't know I don't know if that means
yeah I'm not sure I don't know what it
means he goes back and it creates an
alternate reality but there are still
two Captain America's and that reality
wouldn't there just be one of his
creating an alternate one
what's the applause here because now I'm
learning there's new rules now according
to someone might chat they're saying
that the you're not you can time-travel
and doesn't you can come back without
using the machine like you don't have to
come back on the time machine pedestal
is that is that true
wait wait I'm sorry say that again
quote-unquote so much.i that's a made
you can um you can come back without
using the machine I'm like wait what I
thought you needed the machine now
though that's why the Hulk was trying to
remember how you're trying to bring him
back I'm trying to bring him back maybe
you need the machine to have to be
accurate with your return your return
time I would assume like the machines
giving you a time stamp to to calibrate
and come back in because villains a
machine you're kind of like guessing
when you come back I guess because I
understand it's like you know you're
you're in that that blue vacuum sequence
you're traveling through quantum but you
don't know how to how to you know be
precise of where you land
I would assume I don't know it was
saying the Watchers bring them back well
then why do they need to like why does
the person need the machine at all then
why is he like counting down the machine
is to prevent them from aging what I
don't know okay oh I also like how they
casually solved like immortality in the
movie tube and they never really
addressed it like what we make of the
Hulk makes like ant-man like a kid again
and [ __ ] they could theoretically turn
back the clock and like every character
but oh [ __ ] didn't think about that man
for a gag make everybody like 18 again
like [ __ ] I don't know it seems like a
pretty good oh my god I do you just undo
aging and like perpetual immortality
holy [ __ ] this is why time travel sucks
ass dude it's such a it's such a [ __ ]
can of worms holy [ __ ] uh-huh okay um
okay well let's see here let's go over
let's go back to the about the film
itself then cuz I feel we can just we
can see here a nitpick about time drive
all [ __ ] day yeah that's how I was
pointless for him and I am
Yeah right just was just fanboy banter
one thing I do like here okay so in
infinity war the opening of the movie
right the Marvel the Marvel Studios
crawler
[Music]
like right away I'm like dude [ __ ] man
they spent about the [ __ ] some dudes on
bro and you know the whole ass
guardianship showdown with them and
hopefully anything like it so it's so
dark I did I thought that was so dark
for Marvel to go my mic this really
pg-13 I think we call having this
conversation here that opening from me
was like you know you buckle the [ __ ] up
man but people are gonna [ __ ] die in
this movie which was dope
and I can hear that to this oh god
what's again I'm gonna say they use a
lot they use a lot of bad words and it's
a lot of blood in this movie for a pg-13
movie like I said a lot I didn't know
you could say [ __ ] in pg-13 movies
actually the so from what I understand
the limitation of pg-13 is that you can
only say [ __ ] once that correct I think
so yeah yeah you're allowed you're
allowed one [ __ ] which is really dumb
like why even allowed it off you're
allowed one but whatever right but ya
know from what I recall here the the
slippage of pg-13 for infinity or right
how you know loki gets like choked on
screen with like was it depicted blood
or whatever it's because the blood
wasn't red it wasn't like you know was
it was like definitely red blood and
violet but yet in here no here there is
there is who is it for mommy who's the
one who have like a [ __ ] ton of red
blood all over the face or just like
wasn't that like a lot of them I thought
um I thought that happened to model
people I know that when Scarlett got
like or not Scarlett I'm sorry when
Black Widow got thrown off that thing
she was like there was a big pool of
blood underneath her yeah remember I
remember someone having like blood out
of their eyes so I'm sure something
really I was like oh yeah when Hawkeye
cut that Japanese dudes throat yeah holy
[ __ ]
yeah there was a lot of like I was like
damn yeah for sure
so um boy ways though the that sequence
to me was very effective in the staging
in the framing it comparatively in an
in-game after uh after all the Hawkeye
family is dead and everything like that
like I kind of wish cuz I know it's
trying to give me to evoke you know I'm
like damn but they oh snap kicks in Oh
Dukes you don't know when in town you
actually are uh-huh I know and I wish it
just said like
melted a little bit more before the
Marvel sequence kicked in because I was
like it to me it kind of rushed that
feeling a little bit there
so I realized that it happened a little
more I remember I was like ah you all
because you almost happy I almost III
got I got a little teary ah I was like
oh but then it could fin to that I'm
like alright well you know we're framing
still effectively so but yeah do you
want to do we want to cover anything
else now
or did I think I think I kind of I don't
think how much quota to talk about so I
don't know so it'll end up like the
new-and-improved Hulk was did he oh you
know how yeah that was kind with me too
actually so so the Hulk the Hulk is like
scared to come out and um an infinity
war and then and then in the five years
later leap forward there's like a the
resolve is that now that he's like he's
/ molk uh-huh but he's also you know
he's like his master is just temper and
rage now yeah I guess so I was a little
bit uh that was a little bit I guess
unsatisfying
I don't know this is kind of like a
personal meme it was kind of funny is
really funny when uh when those kids
walked up to the hole to get a picture
and then he was like do you want to get
a picture like ant-man or whatever I
don't know why but like it reminds me a
lot of events when you're walking on
like other popular people and sometimes
like fans will only recognize like one
of us and then you always feel bad like
getting a picture like well hey look
like this is Greek god oaks over here or
like hey like this is destiny like do
you want a picture with him to it like
oh I don't really know him whatever that
is a real thing yeah yeah yeah it's like
your fans like that's a pretty
surface-level awkward thing to have
happen I don't know but [ __ ] you know I
you know I came here to get my moment in
my moments with destiny
[ __ ] trihex so I'm here for him Wagner
you know so I got these cats and dogs on
my ass right now talk for a second you
know anyway so tracks has taken all this
movie is completely wrong I don't think
I've ever heard more wrong no I'm just
[Music]
[ __ ] what do we say what do we say to
the god of death
I was just like oh thank god you're back
what's up yeah sorry I was cat and dog
just up my ass you know of course cuz
we're recording right now and everything
else um yeah yeah that's a very it's a
very very real thing right there that
whole uh that whole thing you know
they're thinking in the moment they're
not thinking about you know common
normal social etiquette or thinking
about no I am razor focused here I saw
destiny out of like a pool of ten people
you know shirt it could be you know
train destiny I don't know pokeyman etc
all of them around the corner but look
destiny come over here
I want this elf [ __ ] like look
look look look man I've never sucked or
anything but look I've been a watcher
for like six years now I've never taught
you personally but listen as an
anonymous appreciator your content you
owe me the selfie right now so buckle up
[ __ ] let's go people keep money to
mention the all-female seemed you know
do you remember what the sin yeah it's
um it was during the final battle
whenever um it doesn't this like this
group shot kind of like to do it to do a
similar one in and Guardians one and
guardians two but here it's like all of
all the girls of the MCU it is nebula
the the shaved head chick from a Wakanda
forgive me forget her name you know
Scarlet Witch Black Widow it's every
girl you don't like they'll have a
little thing where they all like kick
ass for like yeah thirty seconds or
whatever I guess yeah I don't know I
don't really care okay yeah yeah it was
a you know it is what it is you know we
got a girl power I'm not really mad at
it but huh oh yeah like Oh Captain
Marvel was strong and a cod the power
levels are like so stupid but like I
like how am i like how they like needed
to help Captain Marvel just like run
through the field when she's literally
strong enough to like destroy that
entire [ __ ] ship you know okay do you
wanna okay do you really wanna get into
the nitty-gritty here no not really
because like the power levels are
obviously all like super ultra [ __ ] it
doesn't make sense at four should be
able to fight somebody that Captain
America can fight to like it doesn't
make no but let's talk about the real
thing here okay so this is where I first
view in the Mike I don't know Captain
Marvel has the gauntlet right
what what provokes Captain Marvel to
throw the gauntlet to spider-man oh yeah
I have no idea why doesn't she just like
fly away exactly why doesn't she just
fly away can it's not as good a shot in
Thanos Thanos go to space give me a
kidney fly I assume why not just fly in
space and just hold the gauntlet I'm
[ __ ] the moon for like yeah and then
let the Eagles carry the gauntlet to
[ __ ] mount tumor whatever
amen I don't know that was like well
okay first of all is okay to spite me he
doesn't seem very responsible I know if
you really give the gauntlet to him but
okay sure
and that was like why not just fly away
I don't know but that is a they were
trying to get it to the time machine
yeah but like couldn't she like get up
in the air and then like fly over to the
time machine and then like set herself
down like oh she takes it from
spider-man she didn't throw it at him
doesn't she throw it to somebody
eventually I don't know
spider-man gave it to her oh wait
actually no I think they're trying to
get to the van but I think that um
Thanos blows the van up doesn't he
somebody I'm almost positive that Thanos
somehow I don't remember how but I'm
pretty sure if they nose blows the van
up know he like he blows it up 109
because he knows what's about to happen
like he throws like a sword or something
at the van and blown up or you know
somehow I am oh I forgot that I forgot
that this has a sword 2014 thinness
brings a little sore back with and I
forgot about that there's also a minor
thing I kind of like I don't know the
fact that it's 2014 Thanos who doesn't
really know anyone here makes it feel
like not as like deep like I said I felt
more connected actually with they
announced an infinity war then I do the
one here because here he's just like
like it's like really I just think yeah
he's a kid booze like some some pure
consecrated evil dude who like huh it's
told that he's gonna not win if he
doesn't like kill everyone here and just
that's the reason why he does it [ __ ]
yeah doesn't quite feel the same but I
do admit though I'm not I'm not actually
against the idea that they kill
you know present-day Thanos in the
opening thing I kind of that's kind of
cool is I feel like you know I like I
think about like how could I how could I
top how could I top what happens in if
anymore as far as with like how badass
and evil you know Thanos wins
so like [ __ ] it let him win and then he
gets killed like let them let them end
on top I guess and then they try to
resolve the entire consequence from
there
sure but although it's kind of living
they literally undid pretty much
everything but yeah okay well I'm kind
of like I feel like I can't really go
any further without just like misstating
more facts the movie cuz I haven't
watched a second time so I'm kind of
like done getting getting [ __ ] on bio
chat how do you feel are you ready for
the big one this is a big topic yeah
what's good here which guy fam how do
you feel about spoiler alerts and
spoiler culture what is the appropriate
amount of time to wait to scooby on
social media okay I haven't given this
up a deep principle thought I just obey
the the general idea of opening weekend
I feel like it's fair that if you if you
go opening weekend you're making a good
a decent amount of effort to not get
spoiled and that Monday onward it's free
game that's what I would normally do
what about say night bison I think I
think that's fair yeah so then I go for
it
Sunday evening sure um but I'm just
thinking back here because like you know
you know you're to you know you're you
were in the restaurant industry the
money shifts were you know [ __ ]
Friday Saturday night oh wait no way
nevermind I didn't do it Sunday night it
was Monday night oh I'm so good that all
right cool right yeah we agree sounds
good
yeah yeah I would say opening weekend
cuz like legit okay I when I was when I
was a waiter a full time if I want to go
see these kinds of movies and enjoy them
spoiler-free it's either go to the
midnight and kind of like get low sleep
on my Friday double or go comfortably
Sunday evening at which point I've
probably been spoiled already it's on
some degree because the internet sure so
I usually just choose a suffering and go
to and go
to the Thursday midnight which is fun by
the way it's a better thing because uh I
I enjoy going to the to the to the
midnight premieres because it's all like
hardcore fans and I have a lower
variable of annoying people I'm sorry I
shouldn't say that a lower variable of
annoying circumstances by a unaware
people motion calm all annoying you know
so like kids and I don't know whatever
obnoxious people and cell phone and cell
phone viewers so those are I made a joke
on Twitter about like the fact that more
Starks died in the Avengers [ __ ] that Oh
spoiler what I guess then in [ __ ]
Game of Thrones and people got insanely
mascot at me on Monday night I made this
meme and people got so ass mad and I
learned like so many interesting things
about like how people function and it's
actually like so incredibly [ __ ]
pathetic to me I can't believe it so
like people in my subreddit for instance
like I've got like 15 threads like all
the 100 plus comments or how mad people
are people are literally saying like
like so here's like one of the most
popular threads right now destiny voter
ID laws disproportionately impact the
poor because some people can just find
it extremely difficult to find time it
would transportation to go to the DMV
within years between elections also
destiny if you actually wanna see the
most sold-out movie launch in the
history of modern cinema you would have
dropped everything and gone in the first
days like people are literally comparing
like the disenfranchisement of like
minorities of voting to them not being
able to stay off social media for like
two or three days it's actually blows my
mind how [ __ ] obsessed people are
with having to be on social media like I
like I always kind of figure they're
like oh like if there's like a big movie
that came out and you really don't want
to be spoiled and for some reason you
can't see it like in the first like
three or four days that it's out
probably just like stay off social media
until like you know you go to the
theater or whatever but like people I
literally like like I had people in chat
saying things like oh so you basically
was to cryogenically freeze ourselves
there's like wait that's the equivalent
to like just not being on social media
for a few days like you literally that
obsessed with being on social media yeah
I don't know like that's in the people
are comparing it to like victim blaming
like rapists and people that are being
raped it's [ __ ] like people are so
[ __ ] mad holy [ __ ] yeah okay so let
me clarify it
my sanster officially officially if you
want to be completely objective
fair game here I feel like you would
just go to the midnight like you're
asking for a very Festiva superficial
privilege without being spoiled on
something as inconsequential as a media
consumption I know it's not really that
big of a deal I would say so
I'm just Curtis because I know I I'm a
giant nerd and I enjoy that I would
enjoy the ability to go see on my own my
own terms
yeah people are thinking oh I don't
think it's like a hard mind at all you
don't you don't have to people don't
really care too much you just go you
would go to the no no it's a shirt
people are creating like the most
hilariously fictitious symbols to like
you're like okay well hahaha what about
this okay let's say that all the
theaters are sold out let's say then
that you're also in a different country
where the movie comes on a different day
and let's say that your job means that
you have to be on social media
monitoring it all day like how who are
these people
who are these people who's like my job
is managing social media for a major
company and I live in another country
and I can't see the movie like in the
first leg for like who the [ __ ] are
these people that like also I love like
I know that like my chat will always
like it's funny because I always see
like no matter what I do Chad's always
gonna show no me so everybody's like
saying like the theater so I remember a
long time ago I used to make this
argument they're like oh even from major
movie releases but I like the second or
third day of the movie not every theater
is gonna be packed like even for big
releases like this is generally true
people is like oh that's cuz you live in
like a shitty small city nobody [ __ ]
goes to the theaters there right people
would always say that and that generally
is true even in larger cities I know
that because I'm not a [ __ ] me
version that stays on all the time right
but I live in California now right and
and like people like oh well all the
theaters I sold I was like well no
they're not like you could I can find
that like I start like two or three days
after release and I didn't like reserve
[ __ ] like there were plenty of theaters
that were open and and I know that if I
would make that argument
people would say she like oh well that's
just cuz you're in California there's a
hundred theaters but I guarantee you
that if I were to go to Omaha and book
the same thing people would make the
opposite mystic oh well that's because
you're an Omaha nobody sees movies it's
always like the oh man dude yeah I don't
know yeah it's a it definitely has
gotten out of control now I've what I
don't know if you saw here okay now
we've got the one to like the social
justice warrior mode here because uh
there was [ __ ] I wish I had the thing
you're maybe let me find it for you I
only want to actually want to find its
Oracles I think I can wait hold on
kogasa what city do you live in I
checked every
Theatre in a 20-mile radius of me more
than 15 theaters and every single one
was booked except for one to two
individual seats what city do you live
in DME cuz we can go through Fandango
are we able to look at past ticket seats
there's no [ __ ] way I don't believe
it I just don't believe it like I was
looking like dude there were so many
theaters some of them were like 15 or 20
minutes away from me and it was like
kind of like in smaller cities and maybe
I don't know someone I go to but if I
wanted to see it earlier absolutely
could have like sorry okay I'm sorry go
ahead
okay [ __ ] me maybe was on my phone all
right so there was an article about so
get this right there was a there was a
screens were sold out on on on premiere
day and they were adding more show times
at it at a theater somewhere in USA and
there's a line outside while forgetting
that theater accommodated or whatever
and some kid the swamp kid like 16 17
years old like runs by and just like
screamed out a spoiler you know what
whatever I'm and eyes are aware of the
[ __ ] right and the the mob then
proceeded to beat him like like yeah uh
listen if you're going out of your way
to spoil things intentionally like I
know I'll still ban people that spoil
like in my chat like if you're literally
just doing it to be a dick or whatever
like you're running around right at like
timing two people or you're like running
around on a discord or chat or outside
of theater doing and I'll be on those
photos because you're literally you're
just doing it to be a dick but if
somebody's like talking about it like on
a social media post its I'm sure like
now that's on you dude like what the
[ __ ] are you doing is social media
feedback concerned about being spoiled
yeah that's actually how you feel about
that I felt like yeah it was a
deliberate act of douchiness so like
what the [ __ ] dude what the kid like
dude I was even um actually no it's
funnier I can tell you a little small
story about this one from your night I
got mildly spoiled in the theater in
because alright so we had yet to UM we
had to get to the Avengers screening one
hour or the sold-out
voice I wanted to get there one hour
because I knew these are kind of feels
really quickly I want to be like the
clip isn't that it was in the [ __ ]
and the neckbreaker you know you're at
the firt the front four rows we're just
doing like this whole [ __ ] time you
know so I once I got there an hour early
and you know I mom
so I'm chilling my phone my girlfriend
everything else we're sitting there like
waiting for event should start and then
there was an article I deliberately
avoided about like
no good bathroom good-good pee breaks
during Avengers in game this is a free
army Oh No
yeah and I'm okay alright cool cool
title I don't care about it I don't want
to know I have an arm bladder so I'm I
really concern was whole thing right now
and then the girl behind me like
stalking so [ __ ] loud okay I read
that 55 minutes in when everyone goes to
China and fauna and Hawkeye fights that
one guy it's a really just have a look
at the bathroom break I'm just like it's
not that bad it could be a lot worse but
it could be worse but it was like do
that pop I was in the same spot dude
holy [ __ ] let me just put my headphones
at that point just like plugged everyone
out forever raining like 20 minutes I
was like dude holy [ __ ] okay
so that's like my normal that's like my
somewhat nuclear take here's like my
[ __ ] atom bomb nuclear take okay
destiny cool then just know that next
time there is a movie that you want to
watch people to spoil it and you if you
complain will reference this podcast
again seeing as you're streaming
technically on social media so does your
own fault treatment if you guys want to
do that I'm fine with that I spoil
everything myself I always read plot
synopses before I go see movies I'm
exactly like Lily in this you go to her
stream you can ask her to I don't give a
[ __ ] about spoilers because when I watch
a movie I don't go there with the
literal [ __ ] attitude of a
four-year-old that it has a [ __ ]
jack-in-the-box in front of Wayne II get
surprised when some crazy stupid [ __ ]
[ __ ] happens that type of cancer is
stupid mentality is the exact reason why
I stayed away from Game of Thrones for
so long it's good people like Oh game
with those is really cool why is that
because crazy times characters dying you
don't even expect it's like oh that
sounds really [ __ ] stupid like oh wow
you like watching you sure because like
main characters die sometimes like you
just wanna be surprised like it's so
stupid like okay dude and that's why I
actually stayed away from Game of
Thrones so long before realizing oh
actually it's way better than that
this is just like the Normie cancer take
on it where people just want to be
surprised when they watch things you can
spoil whatever the [ __ ] you want for me
I don't give a [ __ ] I've been spoilin
almost every major movie we're gonna see
but like a movie is good you should
enjoy watching it for the sake of the
movie like people I wish I had um oh man
I wish I would have saved this comment
last night somebody made this in chat
somebody in chat was saying things like
oh well there are a lot of movies that
aren't even worth watching if you're
spoiled
movies like memento and Fight Club and
it's like dude how [ __ ] stupid us
shooting [ __ ] [ __ ] are you when you
think like Fight Club and memento aren't
even worth watching if you know the
twist like holy [ __ ] just [ __ ] off
yourself if you literally watch movies
like that like you're so pathetically
[ __ ] stupid that's all I got sorry
okay
IIIi agree with you that knowing the
twist isn't automatically a inherently
gonna devalue the entire experience
because you know it's the execution of
the twist could still be admired but it
does require you know brain cell to
passage to compute that mm-hmm
you know it's either All or Nothing for
some of these people so that I think
that you were right on that one
um I even go further to that knowing the
twist may make something more
entertaining I look at a movie like The
Happening with this dumb stupid [ __ ]
twist of like you know the trees are
killing people or something dumb like
signs where you know water hurts the
aliens I'm like okay yeah that doesn't
really ruin it for me because the movie
was already it's already said my son is
in my show haunts already who's gonna be
stupid dumb but now that I know the
twist here I'm ready to like you know
I'm ready to like take shots whenever I
pega at the fact that the build-up here
about the fact that there's you know
moisture in the air and water hurts
aliens and signs that it's gonna be it's
gonna be stupid so I feel like that's
not necessarily the case here I just
feel like it like if it's one of those
things so like I think you should enjoy
media in whatever way you want to like
if you really enjoy like the twist and
that's like the big thing for you that's
fine
but man if you're gonna do that don't
put that [ __ ] on me like you need to go
go out here wait till just stay off
social media for [ __ ] four or five
days if you need to okay if you can't
handle being off Facebook or off Twitter
for five days you have bigger problems
in life than whether or not some shitty
superhero movie gets spoiled for you
okay you got big problems in your life
that you need to address if you are
incapable of staying off of Twitter
Facebook for five days if you're gonna
get this [ __ ] ass blasted on whether
or not you find out some [ __ ]
superhero in a movie gets killed okay
holy [ __ ] people were more mad about
endgame spoilers and [ __ ] Princess
Diana died in real life like Jesus
Christ calm the [ __ ] down guys
oh and I just realized like half of my
chat won't even get that references you
guys are too young [ __ ] nevermind but
anyway you went on a wire on that random
not to unpack more there and it was a
[ __ ] why you're thinking this have your
scent that will be Amelie the French one
have I know yeah you do you went like
nuclear and just like went on you do you
frickin Gish gallop so [ __ ] fast I
couldn't I couldn't keep up with you I
think that like I think that like if a
movie is good and there's a twist or
whatever like you should be able to
appreciate the movie in the way
everything sets itself up and like that
should be like the experience I get to
the whole movie you're not literally
just watching for one like Oh surprise
at the very end like it just seems like
so dumb I don't know yeah I could see
this what's weird too is I thought this
wasn't it wasn't as nuclear like this
whole like spoiler culture spoiler
culture wasn't as nuclear a couple years
thinking like five years ago uh-huh
but now it's like radioactive man and
it's crazy and I'd have to give kudos to
Disney and Marv will do a really good
job going out of the way to make that
really hard to do because like you know
the if you if you didn't know by the way
here you know how about in game Thor is
fat Thor right yeah but if all the
trailers even there's even scenes of
like them in time suits where you don't
see the depiction of fat Thor or even
like you know beard hobo Thor what
everyone call it like he's like he's
like clean shaven floors so they go out
of the way to deliberately mislead
people from it from that from keeping
the status quo from what you would last
recall from the previous movie so they
do a pretty good job with that I think
so it's a good thing it's kind of like a
modern adaption of the environment we're
now at social media but also [ __ ] don't
say something else here it's because
film is dog should these days so when a
good movie finally comes out it's sad to
see it ruined firstly if if you think
that all movies are bad and the only
good movies being released are [ __ ]
superhero movies you are so [ __ ]
stupid even I who knows nothing about
film would never say something that
tremendously [ __ ] stupid step outside
of like an American cinema for what's in
your life if you're actually looking for
like really good [ __ ] film there's a
lot of it being made up there I don't
watch anybody because it's not generally
my interest but that's statement like
well there's no good film and now
finally when a good superhero movie gets
made now it's ruined and the idea that
you can ruin a whole film by just
knowing the twist so it must not have
been a very good [ __ ] phone to begin
with sorry I got good alright you know
there's also I mean if you're if you're
relatively decent Marvel fan I just feel
like it's kind of like it's kind of
asinine to really hold spoilers of in
Game two too high because we already
knew that like we already knew that boat
that particularly
Robert Downey jr. was already out of
contract he has been for a while he got
pay as much as 50 million dollars per
film
after the resolve of I believe age of
Ultron like he like he's gotten so
expensive to keep now and imp to you
that like they practically can't afford
him anymore and it was kind of a given
that Iron Man would would be the thing
but it's more of an anecdotal thing like
if you're a fan you're thought you're
following just follow the money you know
Chris Evans gave away a really really
implicative tweet that he was departing
during the filming of the other thing so
it's like none of my money from those
two things along with that you know
either at least you were gonna die or
one that's gonna die you know so but
that's just that's a very minor and
holding outside general principle thing
so hmm
I'm just like I look at it like I recall
back whenever I had I struggled to do
these kind of things I just be courteous
and say you know opening weekend but
it's argument here that let's bring it
back here is the argument for you that
would you obey the one week the opening
weekend idea or I mean I'll never like
intention or like spoilers somebody to
[ __ ] with them so like I'll never go
into scoring but this guy died if I'm
for actually I did that one time in a
relationships thread because I got so
[ __ ] triggered for King Thrones but
generally aside from that one moment
I'll never like intentionally spoiler
people like like just to be a dick
whatever but like on my social media
I'll talk about whatever right I figure
like if you're watching my social media
like if you if you are of your like
perusing social media and you're trying
our core not to get spoilered and the
movies been out for like three or four
days that you're beyond [ __ ] stupid
like I literally have zero consideration
for your feelings like you've got to be
a total [ __ ] [ __ ] if you're going
out like just reading through your
Twitter feed and [ __ ] at like four days
after this movie the largest movie of
all hole burning time has been released
and you're that concerned about like
being about being spoilered like yeah
that's real stupid yeah no I agree
you're you're edging and you're only you
know all that could happen is do just
like you know he get spoiled and the
people who also you know you're muting
terms right you're muting your mute the
term Fano sort of gauntlet or spoiler or
whatever but the thing is like those are
all miniscule because you can just like
you just don't create an image of
anything and it gets around every
spoiler ever so it's like you're uh-huh
you're just you're still hot you're your
hot water you're like this is the same
argument as victim-blaming
people like comparing this to like rape
to voter ID whatever dumb [ __ ] yeah I
don't know yeah yeah that's a yeah
that's um I could see you can I haven't
arrested in these like crazy people
you're talking about though so I can't
bring much further to it but if their
behavior is that is that while then yeah
it's a little out of control um so I
thought we'd talk about that a little
bit um what else is there okay so I
thought it was more one to bring up
about this whole point here about a does
this extend further to toxic fandoms
they feel this kind of ends and spoiler
thing here oh no this is just my
specific thing about spoilers I just
have a big problem with the way that a
lot of people like look at certain
movies and I feel like a lot of the
analogies and the examples they give
like really betrays like an underlying
thought process like when somebody says
something like Fight Club is ruined by
knowing the twist like it really gives
me a really bad opinion of like the
average like person and how they view
like a movie like damn like like Fight
Club is good for a lot of reasons and
it's not because of the surprise twist
same thing with momento momento is a
really [ __ ] good movie and not because
of the surprise twist like that's so
[ __ ] stupid that like you would view
something it's incredibly sad like
you're cheapening like so much of like
an experience for yourself if you're
just going to be surprised because she's
really stupid but again like if you want
to watch like movies the way you want to
that's fine but don't get mad at me if
I'm talking on social media about some
[ __ ] like [ __ ] off yeah social mean we
give the consent to browse at your own
leisure whenever you want mm-hmm sure
yeah you know a debate could be made you
know that the Internet's our right of
life in some progressive person's eyes
and that you're denying them that
ability to to do as they please because
you're being that guy I don't know
whatever yeah whatever dude oh also I
new Twitter counts you can block certain
words from showing up in your feet - you
guys should investigate that feature as
well yeah that's awesome you can mute
terms you can know people were regularly
muting Panos and muting the term
gauntlet and you can you can you can
mute things but it only goes so far
because the whole like I don't know if
if you really want to spoil like if you
want to be an absolute dick make a
burner account and like throw out some
spoilers and like some kind of like
image JPEG that can't be like muted or
whatever
preemptively it's not hard to do that
yeah oh Christ so um okay yeah what do
you got what else do we have going on
[ __ ] dude
did you this is kind of sort of related
did you hear about the SRAM Ben okay I
saw the I did see the pastebin um s fan
of misc if right yeah I got a they got
they got a seven a suspension I what's
crazy is how I thought it was something
they did recently but apparently it was
something that happened at PAX East
which was like what back in March right
yeah or I don't I don't know but I just
said yeah because I think a couple
months ago yeah I think March times
about right yeah either way that happen
happen right now though but yeah do you
want to recap Atari or you want to recap
everything exactly just because like I
don't wanna get more heat on like as
friend and misc if because I don't like
one of like mobilize the armies of the
internet but basically what it seemed
like was there was another streamer or
there was like a popular either
cosplayer or like Instagram
personalities somebody there's a lot of
[ __ ] balls in scram but I guess they
were like interacting with this person
and she was being very sexually
aggressive towards mischief very very
sexually aggressive towards mints keV
and and then miss Kevin s fan ended up
making like a kind of a sexual joke back
like when the camera was turned for a
second miss give me all like when the
cameras turn she sucked my dick whatever
like and I guess that she saw this or
she noticed this like sometime later and
then like a month later like her legal
team or something and it of reaching out
to twitch and she's like oh well we'll
ban him for a week or whatever and I
don't know it just seems like really
[ __ ] stupid like yeah yeah that's a
but um
I guess the difference here is that she
escalated it oh right like it was her
legal team that like I made it like into
a thing that could have been banned
working yeah anything mm-hmm
so hmm I don't know uh I look at it like
just like I don't know when you're in
IRL and you identifying willing
participants I thought your urinal
you're in a really hot water at that
point and it might not be worth really
engaging anymore if you wait say that
first part again whenever
you're doing IRL streaming in your
filing you're trying to find like
quote-unquote anonymous willing
participants to be part of your stream
it's just really hot water to get into
and it might not be worth it yeah maybe
yeah without getting like a literal
[ __ ] release form sign for some [ __ ]
yeah like literally gotta pull the whole
like reality being get release forms for
everyone oh I didn't even think about
that oh [ __ ] miss Kiffin s fan oh I
didn't want to say it cuz he's gonna be
so sad I don't think you can do bounties
once you've gotten banned do you know
anything about the twitch bounty system
I didn't I have never heard this rule
actually um I'm wondering okay so you
can be you can be permit from bounties I
usually yeah because I haven't gotten to
do bounties for like three [ __ ]
months and I finally emailed Kevin and
I'm like hey what the [ __ ] like why
can't he's like oh well it seems like
they're still like it's still like in
the beta or whatever but like if you're
banned you don't get to do bounties
anymore
which is like literally like tens of
thousands of dollars that I'm just
losing possibly like a month maybe like
it's real [ __ ] horrible holy [ __ ] I
couldn't believe what he sounds like are
you [ __ ] serious I'm gonna peel all
my bands that's some [ __ ] [ __ ]
but yeah
damn that sucks we're bounties they're
like um how much we talk about actually
so I'll bounty so in the boos sponsors
will often come to you with things
called activation so an activation is
basically some sponsored agreement where
you have to provide some so deliverable
a deliverable is like an action that you
have to perform an exchange for payment
right so an activation will usually
involve some number of deliverables that
will include like playing a game for one
hour tweeting about it on social media
in exchange for some flat fee or an
affiliate link so somebody might come
here and say like hey I've got this
mobile game which is usually where they
are right I'll give you $5,000 if you
play this for two hours and tweet about
it 10 times and you know Lincoln in your
chat one three times every hour whatever
some [ __ ] right like that
yeah bounties are basically a way that
automatically connects twitch to a
streamer and you basically does have
like a big
of things you can choose oh yeah I'll
click this and I'll do this we're all do
this bounty which is basically like an
activation will you play game for like
an hour or watch your video or whatever
and then you get paid something metal
money for it it was really really really
easy money on twitch but um yeah okay
but basically you ever been banned I
guess you're not allowed to get bounties
anymore
so yeah rip which will affect and he was
he was saving up for an IRL backpack
right or did he already did he already
scored at this point maybe I don't know
if he got it or not but yeah I just know
that really sucks yeah getting in yes in
it so yeah there currently but skip did
them daily apparently [ __ ] that really
sucks yeah damn
so yeah they both got up from what we
know right now they both have a
seven-day suspension but they were
working to actively appeal it right now
uh-huh
but well we know have you heard that I
don't know that I'm assuming they are
but I don't know it's all isn't the
paceman the paceman they said though how
long that the the ban was four days and
they said they're actively working to uh
to appeal it or like mitigated or
something that yeah this is another
another scary thing about twitch being
too big is like that I notice it like oh
cool like activations are cool thing but
this is another way where if twitch
[ __ ] me I'm also losing this like say
activations and Prime subs are a big
part of your revenue you're literally
never ever ever missing you're never
switching platforms to another streaming
platform people say that mischief did
bounties as a meme no you got paid
hardcore money for that you got you got
paid a lot of money for those bounties
for some of that like Assassin's Creed
games [ __ ] or whatever for a streamer of
my size which I think mischief is either
at my size are larger or about my size
you'll get paid like anywhere from three
to five thousand dollars we're playing a
game for like an hour like it was insane
money or maybe not quite that much maybe
it was two to three thousand dollars
yeah oh yeah so like for it so like for
the Assassin's Creed game that I played
for one hour I was paid three thousand
seven hundred dollars for that for one
hour and mischief is about the same size
as me so he might have said he was doing
these as a meme but you're making a lot
of [ __ ] money doing this [ __ ] okay
it's like it's insane [ __ ] money
yeah can I get a CD clapping choppers
transparency yeah but I mean you know
you know make make it all a meme though
I mean it probably works towards a
narrative there
the UH fuckless I can I say dude about
that God didn't do I'm sorry I'm so like
blah right now I'm on my brain power
it's like we're really low huh
oh right so it wasn't a skier well why
do you feel the the female cosplayer
whoever she was why do you feel she
escalated it into a is if it's the idea
here that she escalated into like a
calling it out was because she said she
was inappropriately sexual I'm gone some
real squad w [ __ ] ready god damn it
that's a train to my [ __ ] I mean you
know you don't have to if you feel it's
gonna be misinterpret you don't even
it's not misinterpreted I think it's
legit I think that she I think she
probably just looked back on it and it's
literally like the meme where they're
like the girl does the thing and then
she regrets it later I think that's what
happened I think either somebody pointed
it out to her or some fan pointed it out
like oh this is really gross or
something and then she looked backwards
like oh [ __ ] it is I regret it now and I
want to [ __ ] like tell him to ban
them for it cuz I feel harassed retro
actively that's what it feels like
happen I could be wrong but like that's
like that it feels really [ __ ] to me
that somebody would reach out and do
that it's really really really really
really [ __ ] up that um that somebody
would do that because that type of [ __ ]
follows you around forever like that
action is gonna cost mischief thousands
of dollars just looking at the band
itself not even looking at the fact that
you might not get bounties anymore but
like just looking the bandits all that's
gonna cause a thousand of dollars it
also puts him at risk for an elevated
band next time because if he gets banned
again it's possible that it's a next
band because this is a seven day is
instantly a 30 day ban and it also makes
him look bad for future anything whether
it's sponsors whether it's employers
whether it's another streaming platform
because now Oh miss cthe he was banned
for sexually harassing a woman on stream
like it looks really bad like there are
so many really [ __ ] up parts about
like how this happened and it's I I
don't know I don't know think about it
cuz I don't get them in more trouble but
like if this happened to me I would
probably get banned from twitch I feel
like it would be really hard for me to
not go nuclear on this for like the next
seven days on social media like I would
actually be so [ __ ] ass blasted it
would be it would insanely pissed me off
holy [ __ ]
here's think about that if you let's say
you go nuclear right and you're just
asked lasting non-stop because you're
like you're fighting for the truth here
can you can you win like no it's never
ever ever worth it - the best thing you
can do is put your tail between your
legs go hey I'm kind of like what misc
you've tried to do after where you're
like hey like listen the Chad acted
really badly a lot of people were saying
Apollo's
I could have handled this better I'm
gonna make
effort in the future to make sure that
my content follows the spirit of the
Twitter Terms of Service I'm gonna try
to do a better job at making sure other
people that I associate with aren't
being harassed and I'm gonna be much
more clear in the future about what I do
and don't allow on my stream in the
future right like stuff like this is
like the typical it's like the better
way to go forward I don't know if I'd be
able to control myself though yeah yeah
yeah it's kind of how how I felt
whenever it was going on I felt like it
was like the the big bad boogeyman and
anything I said or did was gonna go to
minimize I am watching - my sincerity of
my apologies so I like so the time away
actually kind of like let me cool down
and and then genuinely reform on the
whole thing I feel like if I was a
mischief I would contact her
organization and I don't know if you
could threaten legal action but tell
them that you think they should do
something cause like though because like
if you I don't have even seen the video
but like her approaching him beforehand
like she like walks right up to him like
she gets redness facially cried you a
[ __ ] are you a little [ __ ] did you dad
raised a little [ __ ] like I say daddy
or whatever it was like really yeah yeah
no no it was like really sexual because
in these situations especially because
of like the man woman dynamic I usually
side with with the woman here because
like you know it can be really awkward
to be in certain scenarios bla bla bla
bla bla but she was like hardcore like
pushing it so I would have figured like
in that same situation and ironically
enough it was either train or poke that
so like it's a good thing that misc if
like is his pulled back as he is because
if he would have been more confident
it's possibly would have gotten in even
more trouble there because like in that
situation like I probably would have
said a lot more than misc if just making
a dislike like if a girl is gonna be
like that sexually aggressive me like
yeah we're gonna go like real I think
I've said more sexy aggressive things to
[ __ ] Lily on [ __ ] discord then
mischiefs made that little joke about
that one woman so yeah I don't know like
yeah that that whole that whole scenario
like [ __ ] really really really
irritates me but it's whatever yeah I
can hear it's a little hot though right
like I shouldn't watched on stream I
assume um I mean as long as your shadow
isn't like being like really [ __ ] or
whatever yeah I gotcha
I'll keep it offline first and I'll get
further on okay so it sounds like that
that's about about mischief what about s
fantasy um do you think easy and is he
is he an ass hot of water or why is he
in association sound it's all just
between mischief and her like why is he
also lumped in somehow well mischief
happened and it was on
spend stream so it's probably because
the two of them together yeah okay
gotcha funny I changed my topic hmm that
that's all it takes huh that's a thanks
[Laughter]
this stuff makes me think what if
YouTube won the bid for twitch mmm
I don't know but do you do you think
YouTube's in a healthy environment at
all right now all the viewers on Twitter
right now you'd never switch yeah no I
thought I'd only think that YouTube will
make twitch would be run better right
now because I felt the transparency on
YouTube Zen is really problematic as
well you know when you keep your channel
your entire channel can get D monetized
for explicit content or non advertiser
friendly behavior and the email that
tells you this won't even won't even
pinpoint which video cause these things
that happen like you just tell your
whole channels to monetize uh-huh so
there's there yet youtubers that deal
with a lot of a lot of [ __ ] that I would
say it's like unique to them but also
incredibly frustrating you know at least
at least on twitch then you have like
you have humans at some point talk to
get a human reaction where I feel like
on youtubes and you're like you're like
can I get a human please can I can
anyone can can I get an automated email
someone has a good luck you got about as
much chance of steam helping you with a
real person yeah so did you uh okay so
we talked about that I don't think more
to contribute to that one okay the only
wearing are glad the only other thing
really is against a sonic trailer which
I kind of did of my own already here
some streamers on your own like Game of
Thrones spiel oh just you know I have
like a heart out pretty soon because
I've got like a thing coming up I think
of food and then I've gotta talk to Kyle
: scam Hasan soon just so you know but
yeah but so this could be our last one
sonic trailer hit us up if you saw or
not it's a I was [ __ ] now safe for
life it was [ __ ] horrifying holy [ __ ]
so what I ended up doing is I watched a
trailer on my stream and then I I never
bleed to compared to the 10th of Pikachu
and be like let's pinpoint the reasons
why the 10th of Pikachu's
religion realistic depictions of Pokemon
is one looks really good looks really
immersive compared to how sonic looks
like he's just floating in front of the
screen and I brought Bob how like you
know all the objects sonic sing and the
carseat sonic with the with the
freeze-frame the missiles like nothing
had nothing those casting shadows and
that was like probably one small thing
but like there was like I feel like
Pikachu and everyone else has like a lot
of dynamic lighting when you're in front
of like neon billboard signs you can oh
I don't know I haven't looked at the
shadowing but I'm pretty sure it's got
more to do I think just the straight-up
just the character design is like really
[ __ ] weird like oh no yeah yeah it's
well that's that's the elf in the room
here yeah but the character design looks
terrible I can't help but see like if
you cover the head it looks like a child
in a fur suit with a head attached it
doesn't look like I don't know but I
can't unsee that comparison so the
deviations in the source material just
doesn't really help for me I also can't
really tell who the target audience is
here either
because I'm like who's gonna buy a sonic
doll that looks like this yeah it looks
yeah I don't know just the whole thing
is like really I mean it's hard to hit
for a song for you man it's really tough
like if you enjoyed the genesis games
and you're like you look you think what
the with a typical 10 year old now likes
about Sonic I'm just like I don't know
dude oh wait won't do that are they
still making Sonic games yeah yeah it's
like Sega's whole thing dude okay I mean
if you didn't hear hear a track actually
can link you uh one second I can link
you a thing apparently recently Sega's
[Music]
Sega is refocusing on existing IPs and
promising more PC ports because they're
recent the recent a quarter quarter this
different there their fiscal year um
returns plummeted over 70% it's only
twenty three point eight million dollars
there you go Oh should somebody link
them in chat somebody linked a a
difference in um and like eyes if they
would change the way his eyes are it's
so [ __ ] weird I don't understand how
you could do anything like this oh god
it's so [ __ ] horrible
oh my god someone like the the Jumanji
kid I think it was this year the bet you
monkey the kid goes to it into a um into
a monkey in Jumanji yeah it's a oh wow
that's powerful dude holy [ __ ] that
looks that looks so much better
mm-hmm yeah I don't know like the mouth
and the eyes that make him look like a
crackhead or something I don't know
that's that is so much better holy [ __ ]
damn yeah I don't know oh [ __ ] man rip
dude
but but yeah Sega's been losing a lot of
money here 7% from so from a lot of
things to make some really bad decisions
so yeah this is Sonic games still
happening oh yeah yeah dude we had um as
recently as a 2016 there was sonic
forces released for everything possible
so we're still getting sonic games just
that Sonic's consistency and medias been
really spotty at best so yeah okay no
but but at least that's because she
looks great and and we'll talk about it
further whenever we hear more details on
Nintendo collaborating with illumination
making that CG animated Mario film
currently slated for the Year 2022 you
didn't know gotcha
so we'll see about that as well all
right what do you got coming up what are
you doing it downstream bro I'm still
speedrunning Yoshi craft a world man I'm
trying to get this uh I'm trying to get
the six sub 3 hour run I'll try and get
the run man so I'm gonna do that and pop
nice more smash I've been doing that's
been children that lately but once I'm
done both of those games
I'll probably moving back to Dark Souls
and probably start the free game on
Mario maker as we're counting down for
that to happen so it's gonna do some
some gaming fam chillin all right cool
alright why this is been episode 19 I
don't know we'll talk about next time
thanks for joining me KX Oh - I think
you tease me your click actually what
are you wait what are you Kyle Hassan
doing do what all my all my boyfriend's
doing together
I have no idea I don't know what we're
talking about but hopefully it's not too
painful I keep I think Kyle kolinsky I
think isn't okay dude but for some
reason I just I have like I have him
heavily associated my head with Tim
Poole maybe they look similar so I don't
even know why I don't think they do look
silly I just for some reason I have like
heavily
associated so hopefully it's not like
[ __ ] horrible yeah yours hopping in
like dig deep don't even know the topics
gonna be about no yeah whatever
why don't you just [ __ ] go hard you
know alpha alright bro
well well all you kids have fun maybe
one day I'll join you all at the bit at
the big kids table and see what's good
sure thing probably hop on if you want I
don't I don't know if sometimes I don't
know if you'd care or not but here but
but maybe I mean I don't know I'm not
sure I shouldn't write it I don't know
yeah okay I'll pay tomorrow see what's
good okay yeah have fun wrap it up then
yeah thanks all for joining us we will
be back next week I don't think
anything's going on so yeah we should be
right here I've got the ND tonight make
sure you show up for that and yeah you
guys have a good one peace out
[Music]
