except destiny what's up man what's up
buddy chillin all right we're gonna
start here in just a second and I'll
just do a quick intro just wanna say
something about yesterday's show and
then we'll move on from there all right
let me just set this okay let's do this
little bit late as usual what up
everyone welcome to yet another war ski
live how're you all doing
we've got some a very interesting
episode today we have geek who helped me
out moderate what's up geek lion chillin
we have jf how you doin brother
hello I'm glad to be here yeah and we
got destiny with some man hey what's up
buddy
chillin chillin there's been a lot of
things happening this week and a lot of
[ __ ] happening on Twitter and we're
gonna be talking about that right now I
just want to say to everyone who's
watching right now truly apologize about
last night's stream you know I wanted
this open-door policy but obviously
there's some people who I have to vet
before coming in here so I'm gonna
definitely be a little bit more harder
and if people are doing this muting
other people [ __ ]
I will be banning them from ever being
on the show again so truly apologize
about that
that was you were there right oh yeah I
was sort of half watching I was
traveling from New Jersey but yeah I I
think it was in Atlanta Airport and I
was listening in yeah it was pretty bad
[ __ ] but uh yeah so we're gonna
definitely be be moderating everything a
little bit more better to keep
everything in order now the reason we're
all meeting up here today is cuz
throughout this week we have been on a
topic that's pretty touchy
it's called race realism I'm sure you've
all seen us talking about this we've had
many discussions with many people and
destiny I saw you on Twitter you were I
think you quote tweeted amazing atheist
TJ Kirk because he was talking about the
race realism thing and you were sort of
just talking about like oh [ __ ] this is
now what the skeptics are gonna be
talking about and you ain't really happy
about it are ya I'm not so much talking
about it but seeing everybody get
flipped over to the race realist side
because one person comes on and says
something that seems kind of agreeable
yeah mmm so what do you think by the way
just before we talk about that what do
you think about all the [ __ ] that's been
happening with the skeptic community
anyway it's pretty funny I guess it was
really funny because I'm Jeff Holliday
one guy so I'm I'm I am pretty big
unlike the nandi platforming thing like
I like everybody if Sargon's Twitter
account could spanned I usually you know
I make it to be like good saw that is a
cow got banned I don't like seeing
people get banned from platforms where
they can talk to people there was one
guy on one post on my subreddit where he
posted something like hey like if you
don't like these guys they're violating
the patreon tos or whatever you should
report him and Jeff like started
bombarding me with messages on Twitter
like oh destiny you're supporting this
horrible behavior ball and I like didn't
even know this post existed so I think
it's kind of funny now that Jeff was
like literally or not discord server
like daxing people because he didn't
like their political beliefs but um yeah
I mean I don't know I was always kind of
dumb I guess and watching the whole
discord server blow up was pretty funny
I don't know what he thought would
happen I mean if you guys have been on
the internet for any appreciable amount
of time you know that that you if you
tell the secrets like to people like
that shit's gonna be leaked at like you
know three days [ __ ] tops so the idea
that he had have a whole discord
together like Doc seeing people behind
the scenes and he thought that would
never leak is like hilariously naive i
don't know how old crowd is maybe he's a
younger guy so he doesn't have as much
time on the internet or something but
yeah I don't know that's pretty funny to
me there were people in it knew like
this is eventually gonna get out and it
was leave is just a a you know this is
gonna get out it's gonna happen it's
just a matter of win did he was like me
change it from targets to people of
interest is that cool like no so like I
don't follow it too much because it was
kind of boring but like what was the
point of the targets of interest why
were they even collecting that
information do they ever say was there
reason what was their given reason for
collecting the information
well from what I saw there was a few
more things leaked to me and I actually
spoke to a few people who are on the
server last night or this morning
because I was up all night but from what
I gather is they just look at the kid
the one dude I talked to last night kara
member his name in particular but he was
actually proud of what they were doing
and I was just I was so it was like 7:00
in the morning I was like up all night
and so I was too tired to yell at him
but he he said he had nothing to do with
boxing but he found it funny he just was
he's like a communist
you know anarchist and he he wants to
watch the world burn so he was he found
it pretty [ __ ] funny but so I was
asking him information like I was just
like why were they doing this and he was
like it was just to destroy their lives
it was - it was to pretty much just get
them to not talk about what they are
talking about um like any means
necessary it was pretty much we don't
have a debate here we're gonna just
[ __ ] just ruin everyone he found it
hilarious and I was just like dude
you're like you're making your side look
bad right because he's extreme left
beyond extreme left and I'm like like
don't you see that that this actually
hurts you in the long run and he's like
yeah I don't care
but yeah it was pretty much to dismantle
people and their lives in fact one thing
that was leaked to me that I haven't
leaked out cuz the person asked me not
to was crowd saying something along the
lines of all these guys are gonna be on
the side of the road selling magic beans
and they're gonna be begging everyone
for mercy and all this [ __ ] so she's it
was definitely yeah it was a malicious
intent I was reading out this to someone
privately last night the entire thing
and there's a because it's just crowd
pretty much and the person was actually
the person who was arguing with them who
was in the servers that guys we should
hit their arguments like this is not
gonna be good in the long run I saw and
then he sent me a video of Jeff who was
on his cell phone in the car and he's
just like you don't know what you're
talking about we have to do this this is
how we have to do it because they're
like dirty people
it was it's from what I've seen all the
stuff even behind this
it's [ __ ] it's worse but I think
Geoff's got enough [ __ ] hammering
this week that you know like there's
it's just beating him while he's down at
this point shot oh yeah I'm sort of like
well the thing that bothers me is like
um it and I mean I really don't care
that much but like if I did care a lot I
think that would bother me was more that
Jeff didn't just kind of like own it
like all right like listen dude like we
had a [ __ ] server we docked some
dudes it was a really stupid idea I
admit that it was done but it was [ __ ]
because I watched a little bit of it and
it seemed like he was hardcore doing the
trickle truth thing where he was like
while I didn't really do any of this to
that and then like something would get
leaked and it's like well Jeff you were
kind of involved in that he's like okay
well we did a little bit of that but I
didn't do any of that and then something
else it was kind of like that kind of
[ __ ]
yeah he lied to me why some ice cream
yeah and then everyday Zef would just
leak something out and then his apology
pretty much when medica released his
video
Jeff's apology was like it was just an
obvious lie yeah it was just like you're
like dude yeah like I would have
respected Jeff a lot more if he'd made a
five-minute thing this is what I did I'm
gonna step back for a bit do some
self-reflection and I'm gonna learn from
this mistake everything would have been
fine
and now it's just his subs are [ __ ]
bleeding and his respect is tarnished
you know it was just trying to soften he
was just trying to soften the whole
event in order to just minimize you know
people's concerns about it and he should
have had like a five six minute apology
video not this hour-long let's make
excuses and and try to justify what you
did and and then at the end just just
gotta admit to what we know cuz who
knows more [ __ ] might come out and we
might see Jeff have have more of a more
of an involvement in him from our
experience with him I mean he's
continued to switches footing his new
information comes out so like why should
we believe what he's admitted to right
now you know yeah that was a problem
with trickle truth right is that after
you get caught two or three times people
will just assume the absolute worst
about you because it's like okay well
what else have you not told us yeah yeah
it's it's [ __ ]
have you seen the one thing we were
talking about the other
we were and jf I'm not sure if you saw
this as well but did you see the new
guest lineup of of Kilroy no I stare a
guest lineup left
yeah they released it's literally down
to 11 people pretty much everyone
dropped out and I think so roaming
millennial and christina hoff sommers
are the biggest speakers there and then
everyone else is like people who have
like 2000 followers on Twitter it's like
the it's like the Remember the Titans of
I can guess it's like the [ __ ] plane
crash and now we've got these guys geez
that was a [ __ ] [ __ ] show but of
course it's all all led into the topic
of of race realism because that was
essentially what the server was about so
then we started digging deeper into this
and then like got Jay off a jf on a few
times and then and then we started
talking about this subject and now a
destiny you don't see him none too
pleased about this yeah I guess if we
want to hop into that so my main problem
with this kind of stuff is you have so
you've got normative claims and you've
got descriptive claims right so on the
descriptive side of things you describe
scientific fact right like the house is
blue right and then on the normative
side of things you have what we ought to
do with the house right so let's say the
house is blue so we should destroy it
right the normative claim that we should
destroy it is a claim of what we ought
to do with it and then the descriptive
claim is that the house is blue the
problem that I have with people
especially jf is that it seems like what
happens is is we get a whole bunch of
really toxic normative claims that are
built off of descriptive claims so for
instance there are people that believe
that race is real there is a huge
difference in IQ between black people
and white people therefore people like
Terry McCarthy or the alt hype will say
things like we need in a white ethnic
state of the US we need to get rid of
all of the brown people and then when
people challenge these kinds of
assertions these normative assertions
people like Jeff will show up and
they'll defend the descriptive claim
without really commenting on the
normative you know Jeff will show up and
I'll say oh well the science is kind of
correct or you know in some ways he's
kind of correct that race is real but
then they never like make any
comment on the normative side of things
it's my that's my pretty big problem
with it I am yeah you were saying that
the like the main issue you have is now
now people are starting to say race is
real therefore and then the extreme
right will start saying things like
maybe we should you know remove a
certain race out of certain areas to you
know better the society that we're
living in and that's something you
obviously have a problem with it I I
want to say right now like for people
who are watching who may be alt-right or
whatever i while i believe race is real
i am saying in no way that we should
judge someone based on averages based on
what we think their IQ might be we
should treat everyone as an individual
because it's just inhumane in my opinion
to to take an average and then [ __ ]
you know banish people because of so and
so and I just think that's [ __ ] up in
my opinion so I'm kind of curious just
when you say that just based on your
conversations when you say race is real
can you elaborate on that well yeah well
looking at all the different races there
are a lot of differences within all the
races such as you know bone structure
you know a certain races being more
intelligent that's our key what with
black people I mean they they have a
higher increased chance of having sickle
cell anemia so that's not Bo but so even
that's not necessary that's a genetic
difference in a race that's not I'm so
well firstly that's not necessarily true
so the sickle cell so that particularly
thing that you're talking about is
really only impactful to blacks that
lived in the sub-saharan region it was
like a response to I looked to malaria
so there are plenty of black people that
don't have that innate defense or or I'm
sorry that any common yeah sure but this
is the problem right is that I could
show you a white person that would have
this trait and I could show you a black
person that doesn't have this trait so
what is the usefulness and saying black
people have this thing and white people
don't well I think we're talking about
averages and and
probability you know what I mean yeah I
mean there's always an exception to to
some sort of rule I mean the-they you
know some some of those developments are
are environmental but they're you know
yes there are genetic difference yeah so
that you can we find some genetic
differences I guess my only question is
like what is the value in recognizing
this difference right like in a hospital
you would never say like oh well he's
black therefore this you would all you
would do like some sort of sequencing or
you would take a test to find out you
know what what the exact answer is you
would never classify people in this way
right and then there are differences we
have like for instance like blood type
do you think that people have blood type
a should be a different race than people
of blood type B or people a B or people
Oh like you would you classify these
peoples different races like sure there
could be differences but is there any
value in grouping them isn't is entirely
different subspecies or races of people
well the answer to whether there is
value in grouping people the answer is
quite simple is if my prediction is
better than random following my grouping
then my grouping provides some
information I don't think that geek to
Lu was presenting a case where every
black people has sickle cell anemia is
just saying if you divide people into
the group black people versus white
versus Asia you will end up with the
group of black people being more likely
to have sickle cell anemia that's
information that can be useful to a
doctor that can be useful to people in
general I mean some of the examples of
the use because err Steven started with
the question of normative claims and
it's true I will admit this I don't
often comment on normative claims but
there's a reason for this it's that my
opponents and the rest realest debate
are so stupid that they try to fight me
on the factual ground they are so bad at
what they do that they come on the
public space and they start claiming
foul stuff such as race does not exist
now I'm happy to go on that ground today
with destiny and I think that's why
we're here so let's dig deep into this I
do believe that there are some things
and handy seem to to totally reject the
use of phrase in personal choice and
discrimination
I do believe that there are instances of
correct personal choice that you can do
based on race which is not something
that I would personally reproach I'll
give you one example and I'd like to
hear you guys on this is it fine for you
guys to have racial preferences in your
sexual preferences to have certain races
of people that you prefer having sex
with yes I'd say so
however of a natural thing of who you're
attracted to a guest right like people
who have like yellow fever you know you
know are down for only Asians I have a
few friends like that and no one finds
that racist I mean I'm sure there are
people out there like oh my god your
fetishizing Asians but it's just they
they prefer Asians or something right
yeah I'm a white dude and you know I I
love olive-skinned women okay before we
get too far down on this topic so
earlier you said if my grouping is
better than random it can give me some
information so I don't disagree with
that but if your grouping is better than
random that doesn't give you a reason to
create a separate race of people so for
instance if I were to group people based
on height I could probably make some
predictions about these people or by
weight even actually there would be a
better one by group people by BMI I
could make predictions pretty accurate
predictions about the health of said
people especially in regards to things
like diabetes or hypertension but just
because I would have a group of people
that are above a certain BMI I wouldn't
by extension of that say well here is a
different race of people right no it's
it's true and it's not based on the
information that we can obtain on
certain diseases like sickle cell that
we classify races races they were first
classified really from observations from
visual observation and then later in
fact within the last two decades we've
begun having genetic data that seems to
confirm that the general group that we
characterize as blacks whites Asians
they do refer to some genetic reality
and in fact when we place all the
genetic information that we get on
humanity into a computer and we ask the
computer to separate these groups as
best as you can
of course the races
come as a natural division that the
computer finds quite easily so some are
the recent that on genetics in human
simply confirms the old idea phrase that
we add of course it's not they what it's
not a 100% clean boundary of course
there is race mixing of course there are
people who are white who do have genes
that come from black ancestry that's all
fine because we recognize that we have
millions of ancestors India and so we're
all a mix of genes but that doesn't mean
that the categories are meaningless in
fact from a genetic standpoint we can
tell with pretty high certainty where
your ancestors come from based on your
genes today okay so firstly the claim
that this is something that you have to
elaborate on because I don't think even
you believe this you say that genetic
information today confirms old ideas of
race so old ideas of race what do you
