Mitch's diems got like lead all of the
theatres that I've been to in Europe are
very [ __ ] small what happened your
Instagram I have a hunch I've read so
much random [ __ ] about the Soviet Union
[ __ ] me dude so in south korea anti-fans
were a thing way before we got like
internet hate let's say that we make you
the god of twitch okay what would you do
for moderation how would you change
things is twitches now implemented a
recommended system are you gonna show
you one of those people that gives like
a hundred equity to your editors
basically guarantees that if you get
banned off of this platform you're
essentially [ __ ] right okay real quick
just to be on the up-and-up if you don't
want to talk about any of this or any of
this is uncomfortable except whatever
you can always just tell me we could
stop forever okay this is just the time
I love read a drama watching the
community come together to become
detectives interesting yeah it's fun
right now because they're not going in
on you for it but when the tides change
it's not funny anymore but anyway okay
trying to help figure it out wait can I
give you like a timeline yeah go ahead
and hit us up by the timeline go for it
just because like if things aren't
already mentioned on stream I'm not
leaking those things go for it but I'll
just say what's already like leaked a
couple days ago like oh wait real quick
for the record this is Nova talking okay
hi [ __ ] Dan's got like leaked but it
was with Aria Nina and him and me and
him which is such a bizarre combination
of people there's no reason that Aria
Nina had to get her dams leak to like it
doesn't make sense to me and also the
dams were leaked by taking a photo it
wasn't a screenshot so it means that
somebody in his house like leaked photos
and we are keeping this private but then
it kind of just blew up over the last
like couple hours I was streaming and
everyone started coming in and like
saying stuff um and then somehow the
whole house turned and started saying
that it was me leaked it like they were
saying that I went on his computer took
pictures and leaked it when I was
already privately trying to find it out
with a few people for like the last like
two or three days we had like a few
fingers pointed but I'm trying not to
point fingers but there's only like a
few people that would do this that seems
kind of like
passive-aggressive or rude to me like I
don't really understand who else would
do this the rapid speed now on this is
the
yeah pretty much fun goes on stream
apparently she's drunk she doesn't know
the cameras there in quotes and starts
like leaking and saying that I'm the one
that leaked it and saying all this kind
of stuff and then people go on stream
Kaylee screaming that's my fault and
everyone's like now on everybody's
stream saying it's my fault and then
went on reddit of course okay so we have
some interesting of reddit detective
developments okay so apparently people
tried to reset the password across a
couple Twitter accounts and there are
only a few people that have the actual
means to take these screenshots right
it's not like everybody on the Internet
can it has to be other people living in
the house or people who have visited
somewhat recently right because keep in
mind it was taken on a phone of his
screen from his account yeah yeah we
have number suspect numero uno well
numero dos a is dosas [ __ ] K bubbles
that's who I thought it was initially
however we have password reset attempts
on Barry's account Barry who had the
means he was in the house and he has a
camera who has the motive I guess I
don't actually know does he hate you or
something Mitch confirmed that Barry's
actual phone number
ended in 95 as well we have the motive I
guess he hates you now now you know or
maybe hey sorry I don't know why you
would do it and then we have the
opportunity clearly he was in the room
and could take the pictures oh sure so
put two phone numbers on the same
account that is correct so also my dad
Lama another person lives in the house
said that they went through his email
and checked his trash folder as well and
there's no like Twitter stuff from it so
either he went and deleted it or it's
not him you can't use the same email on
two accounts so what you can do is he
could have had another email with just a
one at the end or here's a quick tip if
you didn't know this if you put like
periods in your email it'll count as a
separate email for services you register
for but it all goes to the same gmail
address so for instance my email Stephen
Bonnell III at gmail.com I could put
Stephen period by now III gmail.com this
is how you register the same email
address multiple times on a website and
we'll see those two different email
addresses so
yeah so here we have it's looking bad
for Barry okay
what's the what's the next step from
here why would Barry do this okay why is
he leaking the shape wait what you wanna
go yeah yeah you can go over it
here's my like people that I was
thinking I was thinking
number one was Kaylee because yep she's
[ __ ] crazy well I'm not saying that
but I was a you know I was hanging out
with Mitch and we weren't [ __ ] but
she was like having a clip saying that
we were [ __ ] upstairs and be like oh
my god I don't think [ __ ] upstairs so
it wouldn't be like that far of a
strategy this - but I'm not accusing her
and then I'm thinking it could possibly
be Barry or Barry's girlfriend
apparently I'm a suspect so I'm adding
myself to that list and I'm here it
could be Mitch himself but I don't think
he would do that either
that doesn't seem like him possibly
axion or I think that's it I don't
really have any oh people were
suggesting tricky and fawn as well but I
don't think they would have access to
the computers based on my personal
histories with some of these people I'm
not sure about fun I don't know why she
would do it um I don't know tricky that
well but I'd a little line over I really
feel like she wouldn't I mean I guess
it's possible but I feel like she
wouldn't Kay bubbles has done this in
the past now is this true
so Kay bubbles has taken photos of DMS
and I was joking I'm like oh it's gonna
sound like we're [ __ ] upstairs and
meanwhile like I've heard in Hertz pod
you can see she's like oh my God he's
[ __ ] upstairs and then she starts
screaming like shut the [ __ ] up it's Who
I am
wait continue me laughing in the
background but wasn't my dream feels a
few weeks ago but um didn't didn't she
leak diems with Paul a long time ago
apparently but also I don't think it's
hers because why is our union as GM's
leaked where it's like she's
basically Mitch was asking for a
threesome with like Kaylee and Aria Nina
and in the DMS like why would she weak
our own dm's with him is it possible
that Kaylee okay listen I'm gonna be
totally honest I don't know fuck-all
about 90 ever citizenship so I'm just
taking stabs on the doctor okay is it
well it clearly you do you were there
and you were involved in this I guess a
you know more than I do right you can't
you're not a third party anymore right
okay so is it possible that Kaylee okay
who is deeply it maybe is deeply in love
with Mitch and his jealous of his
interactions with other women and so she
is trying to leak the ends of other
women that are affiliated with Mitch
so you and Aria to make those women back
off her man could that be possible is it
likely
I need a probability okay well what
about Barry I'm thinking after these
after the password reset it's looking
like Barry that's a big coincidence the
Jo email starting off both of these
things I don't know about that one I'm
just like I'm flabbergasted because
suddenly I'm involved in a conspiracy
theory and I'm just sitting here like
okay everybody is now like telling
behind my back but I week diems or
something I did not what's your next
course of action oh also by the way oh
it was proven somebody like checked and
it was proven that it was taken with an
iPhone no oh wait hold on I'm sorry so I
was reading through that evidence that
people were saying now I could be wrong
somebody could tell me if I'm wrong but
I'm almost 99% sure that any time you
upload an image on like Twitter or
Instagram all of the metadata is
stripped from it no it has to be even
without thinking it has to be exif data
is gonna be strict because exif data can
include GPS coordinates and there's no
way that like twitter and instagram but
a lot of people to upload photos like
that
yeah there's no way so so people that
were saying that based on the exit data
those people would actually need
original copies of those photographs
which to my knowledge haven't been
circulated yet sure so we don't know
anything about that yet I personally
don't we we can expose there are ways to
do it okay
you think we're gonna figure it out if
you really want actually I can tell you
one surefire way to do it
but it would require it would involve
cooperation from the accused but I can't
say it publicly I have to be a first
train for a second okay but I can tell
you 100 cent way to figure it out yeah
okay I've something that would get about
100 percent right tell them I can't tell
them it is a good idea right you should
um you should get him to do it do it
tonight
hell yeah okay I don't know who I can
trust in the house though cuz what if I
message the wrong person it has to be
people that you know are well okay I got
a mute again cuz there's a way to do
this one second okay unmuted this is
nine thousand head [ __ ] okay right yeah
100% well yeah there's only one way that
this could be [ __ ] up hold on okay I
wanna meet it again okay no more minutes
guys I'm sorry
I think straight up that should be done
to everybody though to be honest way too
much work I think because the thing is
somebody took down their phone as well
but I'm guaranteeing that person's
[ __ ] themself and like deleted every
photo from there like delete box as well
possibly yeah wait is it true that the
people were saying that the model of the
phone shows the EXIF or I'm sure that
the model of the phone is still shown
wait is that actually true
RTB a click metadata wait hold on
cuz it is an iPhone I have a Google
pixel - wait can you tell me RTB is the
only presidential seconds you guys talk
a lot of dumb [ __ ] [ __ ] RIT VA can
you tell me 100% what the model of this
phone was wait Destinee it shows hold on
that picture is K Bub's total showing
it's an iPhone this tweet specifically
okay does it tell you the model of the
iPhone also yeah if you have the model
yeah tell us the uh you can try with any
Twitter image will do that do the
screenshots arty be a [ __ ]
hold on this guy this guy is a [ __ ]
goddamn I tried okay we [ __ ] stalk the
[ __ ] out of in video games he finds out
a lot of information wait what is this
coming from you I told you how much I
liked Mitch and you
tell me he was scummy and to find
another guy off tinder so you could [ __ ]
him apparently lympha without reference
oh [ __ ]
Nova you're in some deep [ __ ] do we do
we have more data on the picture arty be
a people were saying no we don't okay
well because I want to know what kind of
person is doing this and I just want to
like clear my name as well I don't want
people to think like that of me that I
would ever like go through somebody's
dams and do that like even I know most
of the communities on my side but the
idea that that's out there is just like
disturbing to me sure [ __ ] so multiple
people even could have been involved in
this that's like Barry could have made
the account tricky could have taken the
pictures and she could have used
somebody else's iPhone there could be so
many parties holy [ __ ] okay I think it
has to be somebody that Mitch is
sleeping with that hates you and Arya I
think the suspects come down I think
it's gotta be Kay bubbles or tricky and
maybe with Barry's help how cooked is
Barry if a pretty girl would ask Barry
to do some [ __ ] would be like yeah of
course and then he'd do it well but I
don't know if he's a joke
but he was denying it any seemed genuine
do you think that Barry would do it
because he wants some of that cuz he's a
little cooked like if a pretty girl is
saying hey Barry please do it for me do
you think Barry would do it to [ __ ] with
Mitch or do you think he's like super
loyal like the Twitter is like weird
that matches up to his email mm-hmm
because like I said he was not me and in
me IRL he had no reason to like be a
suspect in my mind until I saw this it
was possible but again I want to see the
good in people and I don't want to like
burn bridges
[ __ ] that [ __ ] burn him down well I'm
not accusing me right now so it's like
what do you want me to do like I don't
want to start drama but literally
everybody just turned their back on me
people that I used to hang out in
discord and talk to every day is
suddenly like yep Nova's 100% doing it
without even asking me
they haven't saw my side of it they
haven't asked if I'm guilty or innocent
they literally just started like
accusing me the people that are accusing
you the hardest they might know who was
involved and that's why they're accusing
you that's why they're not even thinking
about it well in that case I would
half of the house but I would say like K
bubbles is definitely accusing me the
hardest uh-huh like she was like very
defensive on his stream being like it
wasn't me chatted with him eat while
your checks say wasn't me it was know if
I was know about like it was very like
yeah no I saw that clip I watched that
one yeah like I want to just be able to
know who it is so I can just obviously X
that person out of my life and not worry
about it ever again and just hard avoid
Turkey was just an awesome this we've
got a missus houses waffle she didn't
seem Mitch but that's kind of unlikely
okay I don't know much about anything
and I'm starting to speculate pretty
hard into people's personal lives but
I'm pretty sure that if tricky was in
Austin I'm pretty sure she would have
seen mesh right aren't they don't they
like actually I'm not sure actually I
don't know who's dating who I like my
impression from like a third party the
only thing I notice what I see on Twitch
clips I thought that Mitch was dating
Kay bubbles but then I'm pretty sure
Mitch was having sex with tricky because
he said it publicly and then and then it
looked like you might wait so Mitch was
never dating Kay bubbles I don't think
but they were like it seemed like they
were like sleeping and living together
and driving around together and [ __ ] was
that not did that not happen I doesn't
people on reddit okay now these are
reddit memes I don't know what's true
nut people on reddit were posting that
like she literally has like access to
his bank account and [ __ ] doesn't she
like 20 years old
I thought Kate bubbles is literally like
19 or 20 years old okay we need some
advanced searches right now on Twitter
know who type slow
get me some tweet gave me some Twitter's
guys go through Barry's Twitter go
through Tricky's Twitter go through ke
bubbles critter who types in law L u L
true why does that person be watching
this stream right now it immediately
going and deleting their tweets rgba is
that reasonable we kind of primers
iPhone Mitch Jones the drama star yeah
we're figuring it out what type of phone
does Barry use much iPhone oh wait okay
hold on I have them uh if you actually
care
yeah wait wait wait I have to tell you
the secret plan okay I don't know okay I
muted don't say anything to I hope that
everything's okay with like everyone I
don't want anyone to hate each other or
anything like that like and whoever did
leak this is actually really [ __ ]
annoying because like this was just like
that's the only thing I'm upset about
like I think I think I might have been
buried from what I saw yeah I just don't
want anyone to hate each other that's
all yes I really just don't I really
don't drink is also really hammered
right now so maybe she's just dude I'm
not mad at anybody if anything I'm just
for a a hundred percent
I mean you should probably talk to them
cuz they're really mad at you way Barry
tweeted today yeah [ __ ] Mitch Jones
[ __ ] yes there's the biggest me Murr
there is like he just literally tweets
and says [ __ ] that like it gets like
we'll get the Omega wolves like he
doesn't give a single [ __ ] about
anything else like the reason I was
originally thinking it was Barry is
because like Mitch and I were hanging
out and Barry and his girlfriend were
going through his dams in front of us
and we couldn't see like his side of the
screen so he could have like easily
taken a picture like while doing it but
yeah I don't [ __ ] know it is what it
is yeah but I hope everything's chill
you're cool right Nova I was fine now
hey you're not it's not good this won't
affect you in any way you'll be fine
wait wait well there are two things that
should affect you one there's anybody
that jumped to accuse you immediately
that's pretty shitty okay and then to
whoever's leaking [ __ ] Yoli condemns
like this especially publicly he's not
cool but especially if you guys live in
a streamer house like you right you guys
could all I'm guessing I don't know this
but I would bet money on it
that all of you guys could probably
destroy each other's lives have you
started like digging through each
other's [ __ ] computers I should have
super fun I'll do like how could you
ever trust anyone that house again
that's such a violation of dress like I
would feel song couple living there yeah
I I honestly don't I want to find out
who it was and then for
I'll make the appropriate decisions
right like but until then like I can't
really just go around accusing everyone
doing it that way tricky deleted her
[ __ ] twitch channel holy [ __ ] wait
why she's so drunk what a leader channel
Mitch can you tell Jirga to stop [ __ ]
drinking she drinks way too much
no no hurts which channels up I'm
looking at it wait who said that way
hold on I'm banning people you should do
dis honey Lisa DMS [ __ ] that person
forever what the [ __ ] oh [ __ ] that
person like this needs to be exposed
hell yeah they need to be yeah it's such
an invasion of privacy okay
I don't know this is normal in London I
went to a theatre okay so I've been -
let's be fair I think three theatres in
Europe one in London I believe one in
Germany I think for a Star Wars movie
and then one in Sweden in Stockholm okay
so I don't know I maybe I haven't seen
like all all European theaters but like
all the theaters that I've been to in
Europe are very [ __ ] small so like
the one that we went to in London was
literally like here's the the the screen
and they were like five rows of seats
with like five columns I don't know
JaVale it like I've seen so you're like
this is like a 25-person theater and
like here's the screen it was like the
size of like a big screen TV maybe a
little bit larger I was like what the
[ __ ] is this I'm sorry this is Europe
now the theater the cinema and I'm like
what is this [ __ ] I think it was
called this was on the Odeon theatre and
in Leicester Square and when I went to
pick out when I went to pick out seats
because that was when we saw that's when
we said once upon a time in Hollywood
and then I saw for it when I clicked the
screen the theater was a little bigger
it had like multiple rows and shadows
like oh cool this one is bigger maybe
it's not gonna be like in Kentucky maybe
we'll be like American sized so I
clicked the seats we bought the seats
for this theatre and now in case you
don't know if the screen is here and
you've got your rows to pick here
usually there's gonna be a divide here
for the walkway the best seats in the
theater are usually like right here
right right before like the first divide
you don't want to be here like in these
seeds because you gotta like turn your
[ __ ] head to see the screen like it's
a really dumb maybe if it's far back
enough maybe a seat here is okay but
typically you want to get like right
past the first divide you want to see it
like right here and you don't
in front of you [ __ ] when I say
divide I mean like usually so like if
this is the screen usually you'll have
chairs here chairs here like this and
then usually there's gonna be like like
a walkway like it like a divided kind of
right that'll go like in and out of the
theatre and then usually the chairs will
start ascending and usually you'll have
like chairs here this will you should be
like handicapped section or a few might
be handicapped and I like this you want
seats in my in my opinion you want to
see it's like right here or like right
here is okay this is like ideal or in a
really big theater maybe up here so I
went to a London theater and because
this everything is so small I chose
seats like I chose seats like farther
back since or whatever like in about
where I thought it was okay I wish I
could explain to you guys okay
remember I just complained like European
theatres are small this was the largest
[ __ ] obnoxious theatre I've ever been
in in my entire life I don't know who
sets up a cinema this way it's the
dumbest [ __ ] thing I've ever seen
it's not this it was bigger than this
are there multiple one I don't know how
to spell this dumbass [ __ ] this this
was the theater 25 months [ __ ] you
destiny
I picked a seat back here and I had no
idea
okay now the seating looks cool but the
screen is way too [ __ ] small why in
the [ __ ] would you have seats this
[ __ ] far back I wish that I could
show you how small this so me and milena
we're sitting like up here and we're
like I'm like my glasses on and the
screens like what the [ __ ] why would you
do this dumbass theater arrangement like
dude the screen looks way bigger here
than it actually is
like I actually couldn't believe it I
always aren't I don't wait this is it
actually so this is if you're in the
very front row here and you're like
looking over with like a [ __ ] zoom
lens right cuz you can see you're like
hanging off that's how big the screen is
why would you do this but still [ __ ] you
why would you do so imagine if you're
sitting up here like in row like six or
seven or eight how eighty bitty this
dumbass [ __ ] screen is this is so
stupid well how the [ __ ] would you set
up [ __ ] cinema this way it's built
for a literal stage play theater that
would make more sense I guess oh [ __ ]
this kind of shows
a little bit better and how dumb how
[ __ ] stupid this [ __ ] ATP screen
is down here when you're [ __ ] up your
why why the [ __ ] would you do this what
happen to your Instagram I have a hunch
but I don't know if I can say it oh no I
can't say because nobody told me
officially what happened
he feels like somebody tried to feel
like somebody tried to yonk my account
like a company went to like Facebook
it's like hey like this account should
be ours and so I just got deleted and
they were gonna like give it to somebody
and then I had to go bark up like a
whole bunch of trees to figure out like
what the [ __ ] happened to my account and
then after like three days it just got
restored I never got an email for
anything no email about like you got
suspended you violated Terms of Service
but nothing happened it just got like it
just came back after like three days
look hmm but I bet I could be wrong on
that I'm not sure you're never gonna
next money for anything nope no email
saying that my account was suspended or
anything and I didn't even Mike how
didn't even get banned it got deleted
like it just got like um when Molina
checked her DMS to look at my name like
the title of the post was like Instagram
er like an account had been deleted so
we just got calm they were trying to buy
from you how much would have to pay for
me to sell my destiny name on Instagram
ooh doesn't someone else have access
that account no one else access my
account you know how people read my
Jam's listen dude I'm not a bad Chilean
oh it would have to be a hundred K
minimum that's a good ass name dude
destiny so on if you look at my TV go
for go to my Instagram and you look at
the and you look at the mentions you can
see like mentions of an account so like
half of my mentions I like black girls
will tag their black girlfriends as
destiny and I'm like there this girl
tagged the horse as me that's not high
and I think if you click next I think
it's like the horse galloping I was like
wow thanks I really enjoy the exercise
sometimes I respond like if sometimes
when like girls like tag me over like oh
yeah I had a great school year like
sometimes I just respond on peoples
random photos when they tagged me it's
like okay I think I think some asian
girl tagged me is the sky in one of my
and the recent ones too but oh
this article was crazy apparently the
Soviet Union like killed like almost two
hundred thousand whales and they just
lied about all the reporting on
everything I've read so much of random
about the Soviet Union [ __ ] me dude if I
would have [ __ ] if I started debating
lefties now that want to come up and
come at me that [ __ ] crypto tanki
[ __ ] if Caleb wants to start that oh
well the suit you know shoot at least
they had a really good track or good of
this and doesn't know they did it
[ __ ] you are lying at your
[ __ ] ass and so I'm actually like I
almost want to do more lefty debates
just to catch these [ __ ] tanky
defenders these [ __ ] pieces of [ __ ] I
have learned so much fucked-up [ __ ]
about the Soviet Union this idea that
they like misreported a bunch of they're
[ __ ] like whale hunting [ __ ] just for
the [ __ ] of it because they were trying
to meet some [ __ ] centrally-planned
standard the [ __ ] about the hospitals
not all of that the one CT scanner for
like the entire city of Kiev the
two-tiered systems by the way we're the
rich get better treatment because they
can pay people under the table
by the way should that's even happening
in Cuba today the [ __ ] had so much
[ __ ] what was it called
who was the name of the guy that uh is
it currents [ __ ] they were they made him
like the head of the agriculture
whatever and are like their main
agricultural guy and in the Soviet Union
that made up that like basically said
genetics isn't real we're gonna do our
own Agricultural Sciences
Lysenko yeah lysenko ISM what the [ __ ]
and just like surgery like killing crops
and [ __ ] because he they basically
denied the existence of genetics holy
[ __ ] there's like so much dumb [ __ ]
[ __ ] oh [ __ ] I'm sorry a lot of people
might not even know what the [ __ ] this
[ __ ] is so Lysenko
[Laughter]
Mesa Kamura is is that this guy
basically said like hey check this out
he basically said hey I think that all
the genetic stuff is fake that's just
the booze wah science ok none of that is
real in reality what we need to do is
like put seeds like underwater and
that'll make him grow faster it wasn't
that easy some real dumb [ __ ] it was
some really stupid [ __ ] that didn't work
to like grow plants faster and he was
like yeah [ __ ] that and the USSR was
like dude this guy's [ __ ] awesome man
he's not some [ __ ] bougie [ __ ]
scientist or whatever these elites he's
not an intellectual this is like a
working man this guy's an average dude
he's [ __ ] sick his blog
let's make him like the let's see what
was his official position he became the
director
of genetics for the Academy of Sciences
they basically killed or purged all of
the scientists all the Soviet scientists
that we're trying to say like hey
genetics and [ __ ] are real and then they
need everybody else like basically
follow like this like fake science
program from this to it for a lot of
their agriculture should it was really
[ __ ] weird holy [ __ ] the same [ __ ]
happened at her Mao in China yeah I
noticed that that um and a lot of these
communist societies usually the first
things to go are the educated people
usually they're gone like immediately
because they want to make their own like
science which I guess you could argue
maybe all society doesn't that sure but
yeah yeah the Nazis did similar [ __ ]
yeah oh [ __ ] apparently the um this was
the 4th largest lake in the world and
the Soviets just completely [ __ ]
drained it it's gone like they actually
destroyed it and it wasn't even for good
irrigation - it was for shitty
irrigation practices but they actually
destroyed this lake they managed to dry
the entire thing up by diverting [ __ ]
water out of it dude I can't believe
that I get like there's so many [ __ ]
people tell me that the Soviet Union had
like a really good yes it was I believe
it was fresh water
this was fresh water not salt water yeah
I think this was the RLC oral Aral Sea
was the fourth largest inland lake in
the world and the Soviets completely
destroyed it I can't believe I let so
many lefty see so much dumb [ __ ] about
this movie and then cry when I say like
well I'm not familiar there's a go oh
you need to read history our destiny was
just mad at the facts and I think I even
specifically said to Kayla I think it
even said to Caleb when he started to
rattle off a bunch of these I was like I
don't know every particular thing you're
talking about but I do know that a
couple things he said I know we're wrong
so I'm really uncomfortable with the
rest of everything else you're saying
and it's like true it like [ __ ] stalin
departed the entire population of
Chechnya didn't they also do the same
with a the Soviets did a lot of like
moving people around this was something
that was very annoying to me Hassan said
that black people probably lived better
under the USSR at that time period than
they did in the United States which from
the from the reading that I did I think
that might actually be true however
that's because the type of racial
discrimination that existed in the
Soviet Union wasn't directed towards
black people it was directed towards the
other ethnic groups the kulaks I think
and the
and the Ukrainians and I think the
crimeans I think we're would basically
wait like the USSR would go into these
place and just deport these but they
just send them to random [ __ ] like
cities or districts or whatever around
the [ __ ] country to either starve or
to go and like die in some place or
whatever the collects on an ethnic group
maybe they're a national group Culex
were just land owning farmers okay I
don't like some of these people work on
certain areas like Kazakhstan and
Ukraine I think we're two of the places
there were hit the hardest by the famine
stuff right but apparently um but but
apparently like Stalin would go into
some of these places just like to like
move these people around like just
[ __ ] ship them out like I'm pretty
sure this happened in Crimea until the
ethnic Russian population like displaced
like the native people there or whatever
oh cool ixora land holding class of
Ukraine gotcha
but yeah like that it annoyed me when I
read I was like well blacks were treated
better Oh kind of but blacks also
weren't you know like um but that's just
because they didn't have problems with
blacks at the time but they did have
other ethnic groups that they hate it at
the time so I wasn't like the u.s. is
always free of racism they just didn't
happen to be racist against
african-americans okay okay this is all
this thing okay but being in a spotlight
in Korea is like it's kind like a big
deal right and even the ones that just
go a little bit even like eSports events
sometimes you'll see the camera pan in
the crowd and some girls will will hide
themselves entirely whenever the camera
pans to them right it's because like um
social media is like such like a big
pressure and like a big deal it's like
them yeah I know I'm going with this
thing does that next anything wait does
this like mention they were in there at
all it's it frowned upon to be like
proud of yourself and put yourself out
there in Korea
wait can you guys hear me does this work
yeah wait in it so in South Korea are
you familiar the time anti-fan
they're like haters right an anti fan -
yeah - an anti failure yeah they're like
haters about anti fans were so in South
Korea anti fans were a thing way before
we got like internet hate like in South
Korea that that anti-fan movement people
that would like dedicate like hatred
towards like certain like pop
celebrities and other celebrities it was
[ __ ]
in South Korea before it got big around
the world so I think that South Korea
has like a pretty special culture
surrounding that kind of stuff this is
why I like when a South Korean like
celeb person gets in trouble they make
like a certain type of apology every
single time and it seems kind of weird
to Westerners but like they have like a
very particular culture oh man it's a
really [ __ ] weird
and super creepy yeah well Korea has
like one of the oldest internet cultures
like it in the world and all this came
from that so this is a big reason why
kpop is as big as it is because there's
Stan culture is as big as there again
sidemen culture they're just really good
at internet / well really good a really
Korea depends on you look at it but yeah
when I lived in Tokyo the shame culture
was sword core for any nudity or stuff
like that I mean I don't know how it
works in Korea but in America the new
cycle moves so fast that like it seems
like you can get away with a lot these
days as long as you don't get D
platforms you can survive anything
one of the differences I'm pretty sure
this applies to South Korean culture I
don't know is when you suicide you for a
North American culture is that they have
like a lot more like because of the anti
fanbase they have like dedicated haters
so there aren't actually as many people
that are familiar with this in the North
American scene but there are some people
these are the two examples I know of
this [ __ ] is crazy
do you guys know wings of redemption
have you guys all heard that name you
guys know darkside fill like DSP there's
a buyers market for cars yeah yeah okay
so like both of these guys have said and
done really dumb and especially for
wings like despicable [ __ ] but
regardless of these people these guys
have some of the most insanely dedicated
[ __ ] haters ever like it's crazy like
it's actually scary how much how
obsessed the people are that hate these
guys so like here here's like an example
okay so like I know we've all felt like
we've like dealt with haters or whatever
but like these guys take it to
unbelievable levels so DSP dark side
Phil he claimed to have had a girlfriend
okay now people haven't seen pictures of
her and he's just broken up with like
another ones be like well you know
people me and honored or whatever but he
claimed like oh no I have a girlfriend
she's real like I promise guys blah blah
blah and what happened was an escort an
escort started posting pictures of her
hair from behind that matched up with
another picture that DSP on an Instagram
showing like hey he actually doesn't
have a girlfriend it was
he paid for me to go to his house and
pose as his girlfriend and by the way
here are pictures of his dildo this is
how much money he paid me blah blah blah
blah blah and everything lined up like
pretty well this girl had like a really
long history on Twitter she was clearly
an escort or some [ __ ]
and so everybody in the Internet was
like roasting the [ __ ] out of DSP it
turns out that that girl was a real
escort but DSP haters had hacked this
girl's account posted pictures of her
that from behind looked like the
pictures posted of the girlfriend the
DSP had on his Instagram and the whole
thing was [ __ ] fabricated like these
people go to like insane [ __ ] Heights
to like [ __ ] with their the people that
they're like anti Fanning and I think in
South Korea like this type of [ __ ] is
like a little bit more normal whereas
like even in America like I say America
I guess the Western were like we all
have haters like everyone in this
[ __ ] call has some pretty dedicated
haters but these people take it to
another level dude like darkside Phil's
haters are [ __ ] crazy or like or like
Wednesday redemptions like there are
people who follow these guys to the ends
of the earth is insane didn't this
happen with that one is it CJ right the
guy that was like had all those problems
happen with overseas that the same type
of deal or is different um that was more
of like a class of culture things clash
of culture not so much yeah oh I used to
sign it is another good example now of
somebody that has like a dedicated
[ __ ] hater base like that holy holy
[ __ ] his entire subreddit hates the [ __ ]
out of him I don't know what the [ __ ]
you just listen okay train let's say
that we make you the god of twitch okay
what would you do for moderation how
would you change things oh damn this is
a good question dude each of us gonna go
around on this dude and this is if I was
in charge of any business if I was in
charge of any big enough business or
maybe I take it to weak blowback and
then everyone would [ __ ] realize holy
[ __ ] that's true I would stop playing
into this these political outrages okay
so when I say outrage I mean like these
you know for example okay there was a
period in between 2018 and 2019 and it's
still kind of going on well there are
some genders and some people that you
can't you people are just scared to say
anything at all like someone could
literally [ __ ] you over but if you say
hey you're a [ __ ] for [ __ ] me over
your
automatically the label is a certain
weight I would I would find a way to
stand up against this and and not play
into it that's number one okay um so I
put my foot down for that okay how come
I put down for that I don't like playing
into that [ __ ] outrage and then they
[ __ ] make the ban like they don't
actually believe it in the band but they
have to do it to appease that's a
certain community that's out raging
against it so it's the first thing I'd
say no [ __ ] you guys this isn't that bad
get the [ __ ] over it you know that's it
okay I feel like a lot of actions or
over-exaggerated just to appease certain
communities that you can never appease
if you give them the power you are
[ __ ] so that's the first thing
um second thing I would do is before
banning someone I will check the context
so a lot of people are banned because of
one or two seconds but the entire you
know 20 minutes isn't checked so I would
hire a team of goddamn PhD psychoanalyst
psychologists astrophysics [ __ ]
horoscope reading [ __ ] personality
judges - [ __ ] Dean which contexts are
actually innocent first which context
are not then after that obviously the
effect is what's important not the
intention then I would hire another team
that can establish what kind of effect
is reached if if we decide to ban versus
not banned now an example given there's
a lot of things that they say quote
unquote oh we have to ban this because
it doesn't look at our advertisers but
listen guess what [ __ ] the
advertisers wouldn't even [ __ ] see it
if you didn't take action on the ban if
you just let it slide and say okay you
know what let's move on this is a
warning don't do it again real quick on
this this this sounds like a typical
train ramp but actually there is like a
huge element of truth to this the number
one example that I can remember um I
don't remember the guy's [ __ ] name but
the directors of the guardians of the
galaxy thing does any member he director
James James Gunn yeah um Mike Serna vich
and a couple other people dug up some
like nine-year-old tweets by him I could
be wrong but I'm like 99% certain that
people would have forgot all that
shouldn't like a week but then Disney
[ __ ] fired him in like seven hours
and like the whole internet was talking
about it yeah I don't know sometimes
people do go a little bit overboard on
responding to [ __ ] it's like so stupid
so overall basically all in all I
wouldn't play into what's popular to
hate on in this current year right I
feel like every year we go on what's
popular to hate on I would as a as a
leader of a big business I would say
listen suck my dick and suck it up right
sure I'd lose if I was small I lose
everything if I was mid-sized I'd lose
everything but if I was big enough right
like I feel like you know two weeks you
you know you lose some [ __ ] and overall
you [ __ ] grow but hey I guess I guess
let's see so that's what I do I thought
I think a lot of things are over
exaggerated a lot of consequences are
overdone because of exactly that but
that's just my opinion and as far as
everything else yeah I would hire those
psychoanalysts I call just psycho
whatever the [ __ ] and everything else
and I'd go more into contexts I do think
there is some content that is Manimal in
certain contexts and some of some stuff
that's not animal in other context I do
think that's a real thing and I wish
there was a more objective measure on
how to assess that but I don't think
there is so unfortunately we're stuck no
I would if I was gonna do it I would
make a lot of like penalties for you
know people I'm so sad today I'm just so
sad donators are you listening I'm so
sad today twitch you can't say you're
sad if it's like the wait why because if
you're on twitch you're you're you're
living it I'm a refugee from war
I feel like I'm when I'm on Twitch I
feel like it's a blessing like heaven
there's people starving around the world
and then there's people go live to say
they're sad as their Diaries fire so be
it I guess the best me you'll never tune
into an excuse II stream and it's not
positive energy it's like the greatest
energy true you should all I think that
there are a lot more people that hide
their sadness then there are people that
talk about it openly I mean like you can
find some people that like openly like
you know I guess are farming for like
sad dollars or whatever but I
think that the majority of people are
actually liking a lot more like mental
anguish than they let on I don't know if
we could quantify that somehow but I
don't think there are that many people
that are just like constantly crying
about how we're gonna live
destiny I felt bad I did the sad thing I
got a thousand dollar donation and then
I told my community my guys I'm just me
mean kind of like but I like the money
and then they're like oh that's okay but
I realized like twitch can make you kind
of very into yourself okay yeah if
you're a moderate Road you changed
milena go ahead me first and I would I
would make a disciplinary library on
Twitter where they write reasons for
people being been with more consistency
to the individual bands so if you get
banned for showing a dick three days
damn train makes your ban for three days
destination today's dude it'd be three
days for him to and then people can use
that as a reference to what you should
do what you should not do and there
would be more consistencies and people
would be held accountable that or make
the moderation team public which would
hold them accountable for special
treatment of bigger streamer way people
make moderation public like yes the
moderation team the people making the
decisions make it public because they
would be held accountable for special
treatment of people they like more or
people that generate more money for
twitch channel echo what Shanta yeah
that sounds like a really really bad
that was like the purge what the [ __ ] if
she's God let her do whatever she wants
man it's her it's her website for three
days I would just straight-up take away
their partnership so they wouldn't get
the money for their subs and they would
be hell more serious yeah come on oh
don't you think that that the gold train
achieve would getting barely lost
because of it because of that like
seriously people the most that one
man like a big smile keep you because
they know some people like to play like
bomb their houses something ok so like
let's say for instance like yeah like so
somebody bans me a moderator bans me and
then that person is public isn't that
person gonna get like a lot of hate like
public okay
and also by the way this affects search
and one of the topics that I want to
bring up today is twitches now
implemented a recommended system so
they're going to move off of sorting by
highest viewer account and they will
move to recommended and what they'll do
is people should this whole like dude
listen another thousand dollar bet with
you right now that this happens do you
want to know I'm saying it's I'm not
debating whether I'm not saying I'm not
saying you say it's gonna happen is
[ __ ] I'm saying that this idea of
new streamers want this discoverability
and exposure and I am pissed that
anyways it was at the top of the section
pointy top of this section dude
this falls in listen why is it that
every affiliate and every non affiliates
they want more more more for less less
less every god damn most streamers I
know that I see their news platform
every five at a six days it's a sick
dates on my ankle hurts its I don't want
to scream my eyelids are heavy and then
they want more more more more this
exposure I'm not I'm not big because
excuse she's at the top first spot and
viewers aren't gonna come to my one
viewer stream like shut the [ __ ] up with
this participation award Bulls have you
ever read arts which turn X what oh my
god this is literally the the [ __ ]
epicenter of what you're talking about
always who is like I have been streaming
for a year every day and I only have
three viewers and have a donations of
five dollars and I've been streaming all
the games I've listening to all the
right things and I just don't understand
this platform is against me and then
evitable I'll pull up their stats and I
do this on stream all the time and I'll
be like oh look this guy actually
streamed [ __ ] six hour
last month and he was playing jokey
dokie kabuki literature club [ __ ]
some [ __ ] anime game at 3:00 in the
[ __ ] morning I wondered why he can't
succeed like every [ __ ] time real
quick before we get into this I just
tweeted out a hashtag my 27 favorite
small streamers can you guys all reach
me that and add your own 50 different
small streamers hashtags so that we can
all get these people popular I've never
ever run across actually there was a
really good case of this this is
actually my favorite story about this
does anybody remember you bur okay so
there okay so there was a streamer that
had a very very big thread that got like
6k up votes on our twitch and he was
talking about how difficult it was to be
a streamer oh he did the face to do yeah
yeah when you when I actually saw I pull
this you up and out of him and he he had
said that he had been consistent over
the course of like a year and I looked
at it and he had only streamed in like
two hour blocks like twice a week and he
was playing Wes online at 3 in the
morning huh I wonder why he did succeed
like you I actually don't think that's
to do with any of this a recommendation
feature is used for twitch because they
want to make more
the problem with YouTube's
recommendation feature is that it gives
recommendations to like the late night
show with [ __ ] Jimmy Fallon or
whatever not endemic youtubers where the
YouTube algorithm especially the
trending section also favors television
partners not the endemic youtuber
because those are guaranteed to be brand
friendly accusers oh yeah so that weight
so the careful party rush is when you
say the problem you have to identify
problem with respect to what cuz
Google's goal is here's make money for
the community yeah so those antennae
flag another candidate for the YouTube
community it's been worse for them
because Google and YouTube has wanted to
make more money the recommendation
engine has been a big part of that it's
gonna do the same thing for twitch
twitch won't make more money switching
the company and with that they want to
if they want to enforce the
recommendation and engine that'll be
worse for streamers on yeah common
things that people actually want
recommended but also the ones that
they're like filtered for more like hang
on so I think most people would agree
that subscription that when you go to
your recommended tab on YouTube it
mostly serves you content that you're
interested in while
and yeah certainly it's the best set of
any social platform there is so so I
would say that like the same thing
happening on Twitch is not a bad thing
and people like xqc will just rise to
the top irregardless of the fact that
they have the highest viewer count or
whatever simply because their content is
just good and a lot of people want to
watch it you post 3 times a day
yeah my editor is a [ __ ] crack
cocaine didn't do you really you know
what don't you a person in your size be
making a huge amount of money off
youtube also I mean this because
managers like his Rowling's are you one
of those people that gives like a
hundred percent equity to your editors
he gets 16 basically paying me dude
every capitalist bone in my body is just
breaking apart I'm gonna be like the
[ __ ] dust got in a vendor's endgame
holy [ __ ] I'm disappearing 64 nothing
bro he better be giving you a [ __ ]
20k mom can I have a call with you like
I would love to talk to you man like
holy [ __ ] if you want to give me 10% of
your income to run your entire YouTube
I'll [ __ ] take that deal right now
I'm gonna go wake up some people at nerd
fusion this second dude like I will
[ __ ] cut you a deal you'll make 50%
more right
maybe maybe was many was stupid but my
mentality was that I was going to you
too but somebody said it
yo did Tyler one gives a hundred percent
I like so you're literal you're literal
the corollary for business advice is
Tyler one yeah We Need to Talk bro
[Laughter]
yeah what you can do to motivate someone
to edit more if you want them to but so
so let's say you get a base income a
month of 2002 your editor right he gets
two thousand no matter what but if you
go over two thousand he gets a
percentage of the two thousand which
will motivate the editor to upload more
because he will get more of a percentage
of everything that's above two thousand
you do business I like you well she does
some of those chances
as an editor right okay it follows yeah
you're you you get you get place of my
book sqc I'm worried about you bro
I likes it the guy was a cop it was like
a Content join karai he would just joint
content right and I don't I don't strike
them because [ __ ] it dude I don't I
don't really care that much right I
don't show any of them right so he was
jointing it and people like the way he
was joint king right I decided it to
just buy an out I said yo you want to
join
well join for me right so what you're
saying is you gave some dude that was
pirating your content 60% or equity yeah
excuse me I'm sure you didn't want to
take the time to set it up whoa you guys
talk to you like that no I think it's
difficult difficult to find and trowel
editors it's not that give you what they
want it's just as difficult to do it at
60% as it is at 30% though yeah yeah
yeah yeah right now but the guy already
on YouTube that was juicing it right
he's juicing it did he's juicing you I
wanted to keep giving the people in the
viewers what they wanted I wanted this
guy happy what about the numbers he was
getting on his own channel so did you
did you do it for him for you or for
your viewers to be happy it's a trifecta
yo you're you're an amazing person I
mean like I don't know what it's like to
be in your mind it's insane to me well I
just don't apply I just one night or
like three I was like you know dude if
you want to juice me all the time juice
me but he'll just for me
pong but you're getting juiced dude it's
your gut you have a down the line when
my channels alive and it's not [ __ ]
dead like trains and then POG you're
missing the point the point is is that
like it could have been just as good
like you're like a guy that's sitting in
front of a feast and it's got like
50,000 calories and you're like dude I'm
gonna eat a really big meal so I'm not
hungry tonight I'm like okay cool eat
like a 2,000 calorie meal that's huge
and you're like I'm gonna eat fifty
thousand calories like okay but dude
like don't you understand like you won't
be hungry tonight if you eat like a 2000
that's a lot of food you have to buy
50,000
the juice she's like dude what the [ __ ]
are you doing is he still is he is he
still have you checked his personal
YouTube is he still uploading her stuff
to his own to basically what I told him
is that um there's a lot of things that
is uh kind of like the trims right I
know this guy's like triple penetrating
deep platforming is just like really
crazy like like especially with one of
the things oh [ __ ]
I actually want to bring this up and
this is kind of a crazy subject but like
um one of the biggest thing that's not
talked about a lot on Twitch is this
exclusivity thing the fact that they
lock everybody it's a partner or
affiliate and to exclusivity basically
guarantees that if you get banned off of
this platform you're essentially thought
right like you can't syndicate your
content simultaneously to youtube or
mixer or whatever so you have no other
place you can go so what like I think if
there's any issue it's funny we talk
about like the twitch Terms of Service
inconsistencies and [ __ ] like that
the thing that never [ __ ] comes up is
the fact that like if any one of us gets
like gets banned is because twitch
allows demands that exclusivity and it's
one thing to demand it from partners
though I still think that's wrong but we
demand it from affiliate it's a little
bit of you that's crazy
yeah yeah no it's overall it's wrong we
talked about it so many times it is I
thought we'd never talked about it maybe
before I think we [ __ ] it up before
you came but yeah before I brought you
when we talked about so many times I
brought it up a lot like it is
completely wrong especially with their
lack of transparency on bands and their
obvious bias and a lot of situations
where you can tell it's not totally
objective or how they came to the
decision isn't totally objective or at
least that's what it seems that's what's
perceived as situations like this it's
really unfair to have exclusivity
because if I can just be banned tomorrow
permanent for my next mistake because a
bunch of people just don't like where
they think I'm a legal risk I should be
able to amend time I'm streaming
build something else so I have a way out
if I if I get a job in the real world
and I know these guys can fire me for
any [ __ ] reason I should know they
have six different jobs lined up in that
two-week notice where I'm gonna get
permit or I'm gonna get fired like it's
like asking me not to do anything else
in life only work here and then when I'm
finally fired
I have no qualifications for any other
place like it's completely [ __ ]
written it's wrong that all assumes that
you're an employee and twitch you're not
in the first place like you're you're
not an employee of twitch there's
there's no real reason or way they're
not like paying you to stream exclusive
well for some people they are but like
for you probably they're not paying you
exclusively the stream here like the
idea of exclusivity without paying for
some kind of reward is ludicrous yeah
especially now dude when people are like
getting being like [ __ ] crazy it's a
[ __ ] yeah it's a stereo dude like when
I'm like [ __ ] driving down the street
when I see somebody holding the phone
towards me I [ __ ] duck because I
don't know if they're streaming I might
be a ban for driving of someone else's
stream that's a [ __ ] scary [ __ ] as
these days holy [ __ ] Twitter man like
it's it's insane I don't know like the
twitching consistency and bands thing is
one thing but I don't think we'd all be
so afraid of it if it if twitch didn't
demand that exclusivity yeah I agree
that's one dude 100% agree I think it
yes doesn't say yes that's true that's
true yes I agree with that 100% true
yeah true yeah that's
[Music]
you
