hello am i dude what's up hey how's it
going I'm doing great how are you doing
alright alright before we start you want
introduce yourself who you are what you
do what your background is sure I guess
uh I just sent my kids away um
like some time away forever what does
that mean yeah right now
they went over to go have some turkeys
that was it was kind of nice that they
yeah got to do that um but yeah so I'm
I'm a I'm a at convert well I'm not a
convert I was born into a Mormon family
with I have Libyan family as well that
were Muslim so I was raised with them I
was raised as Mormon Muslim kind of as a
Sunni but I married a Dale Bondi which
is an extreme like a revivalist kind of
cult the sect of Sydney Islam so I
married a man that was damn Gandhi and
had some kids and moved to Pakistan and
India and Afghanistan and Qatar and
Saudi and you kind of looked everywhere
in the UK and I became very extreme so I
have a nursing background as far as my
career and stuff um but right now I'm
off for the year writing a book because
um I don't know I decided to do it I'm
boots about ten or terrors and stuff
that has been really nice I really feel
like I've been able to give back to the
country because the country has given so
much to me when I didn't have any help
so good nice are you um I said you live
in the United Kingdom a deal in the
United States right now no I'm in the
United States right now got you okay
well I guess we can just without digging
through the twenty trillion tweets yeah
what I guess um do you have a specific
topic that you wanted to talk about her
no I just um the the idea that Islam
isn't a threat to the west
I think it is yes and no I agree with
that but I also disagree with that and
that for various reasons so I think
that's kind of something good and I want
to have people like I like I had
mentioned you know be wary of Islam but
at the same time not demonize all
Muslims and it's really important
especially with the differences in sex
because you've got the majority cities
and you have Shias and Sufis and muddies
and then you have the break offs from
the individual sex as well so like when
you talk about female genital mutilation
you're not talking about every Muslim in
every sect and every so when people talk
about it they tend to generalize and I
really have made the point the last
several years to separate like Sunnis
from Shias and and it's hard for people
who must understand that but for me it's
very easy because obviously it's my
culture but and I would get into that as
well because Islam as a culture as well
as a religion as well as a political
entity sure is a lot of religious
systems are right does accent I think
Islam you sound like you're very much
more familiar with it than I do Islam
sounds like it has a little bit of a
deeper political aspect to it then say
Christianity where it seems like the
political systems are somewhat baked
into Islam but Christianity manifests
itself politically in a lot of ways as
well I think they're both horrible I
mean as far as you know freedom and and
things for but live in it so from what
you said so far it doesn't really sound
like we disagree on anything and I don't
expect you to be familiar with any of my
belkin at all but was there anything
that I said on Twitter I'm curious that
you found extremely disagreeable no I it
was um somebody a friend of mine I've
seen the tweets about you had she was
having faith about Rashmi oh yeah oh
yeah so there's a giant issue with with
you and talking about Islam and how you
do what's only talk about Islam in the
West all right just just to just to
illustrate that point really quickly
basically um in America in the United
States how long have you lived here for
if you don't mind me asking well then
ten years ten year okay so in the United
States a lot of people will make this
claim that Islam or people used to say
Isis or al-qaeda is like it represents a
massive
threat to the United States and I think
we would both agree that that claim is
pretty absurd that Islam is not in any
way size shape or form a threat to the
United States right now maybe you could
argue with some European countries with
immigration related issues it might be
but in the United States not as much and
I usually when I when I speak I usually
speak out against like really alarmist
or hyperbolic rhetoric like that so I
was speaking specifically to the United
States and that's why I got irritated
that people tried to reframe that into
like Islam is totally fine all over the
world which wasn't really my original
statement I'm sorry I'm just clarifying
that sorry
so my concern is because I do I can't
there's things I can't and I can't talk
about because of what I do and because I
work with government agencies so because
of the counter terrorism that I do I'm
aware of a lot more threats to our
safety than been on the layperson so
even I am I don't know how to
communicate this with people without
sounding overly alarmist because it's
terrifying if you really get deep into
it it's absolutely terrifying lives
you you can't again I don't want to feed
the beast so that is hate all Muslims so
again I I don't want to be overly
alarmist but I want people to IIE I
don't want it to be fun of as it's not a
threat it is absolutely a threat but I
don't know that when it comes to
Christianity that it's very different I
think that they could team up and and
become a superpower if they really want
it to they really really thought about
it and then the rest of us would be
[ __ ] but so I guess there are a couple
different issues that that we can talk
about the first one I guess and it
sounds like you agree based on what you
said with most of us but the first thing
that really irritates me is the simple
topic is I find that Christians are
insanely hypocritical when it comes to
criticizing other religions do you mind
telling me what is your personal
religious belief right now or you don't
have to share it if you're not
comfortable well I'm an atheist now okay
sir
sure so I'm an atheist as well right so
if you would have a discussion with me
about the philosophy of religion
whatever I will gladly lambaste every
religion I think that Islam and
Christianity pretty much anything that
has any kind of deity or whatever is
deity died dee-dee-dee-dee-dee one of
those rights thank God godlike figures
deity yeah are pretty dumb that the
prescribing ethics our morals from old
books and usually the treatment of women
and there's a whole bunch of issues with
a lot of these religions that I just
think are horrible
and I feel that way about most religions
and the big problem that I have is
especially in the United States and I'll
speak mainly about the US because that's
what I'm comfortable with we can talk
about some European countries I know a
little bit about the issues but mainly
the u.s. then a lot of Christians will
advocate for things that I think would
be advocated for by extremist Islam or
by extremist Muslims absolutely yeah
so this is my big problem with figures
like I don't know how many youtubers you
follow but people like Lauren southern
or roaming millennial will say things
like Islam is disgusting because it does
this and this and this and then on the
next tweet they'll say by the way women
that wear this type of clothing are
[ __ ] disgusting [ __ ] and it's like
okay well you're trying to tell women
that because they wear something they're
less than human this is essentially what
most fundamentalist religious people
advocate or so that kind of hypocrisy
really bothers me when Christians will
get up on on a platform and then
hardcore call out other religious
beliefs
it's the purity culture had a lot to say
about I don't think we're gonna argue
very much I think it actually might be
really good
hey well careful this is the easy point
the next one I'll get into we can get
into more geopolitical Muslim really
despair but but this is the easy one
sure but I think I think that it
anything you know even if we do disagree
and I argue a little bit which is fine I
don't take anything personally so don't
worry about it okay but I just think it
but even when we agree I think it's it's
interesting and it helps humanize
Muslims and then that's really my end
goal is to humanize Islam and humanize
Muslims if that makes sense
sure which I and I'm okay with that I'm
okay with that the same thing with them
you know I shed a lot on Christians just
because of their hypocrisy but I would
never advocate for like you know like I
hate Christian people but more just
recognize that a lot of bad stuff comes
from religion and we all need to be
cognizant I mean yeah yeah so the second
part okay so this is the more
complicated topic and it's if you you
might know so much more about this to me
so maybe you'll talk circles or me
here for the little bit that I know when
it comes to being critical of things
that are going on around the world we
can speak to terrorism directly and and
you can talk on this for a bit and tell
me of your greater disagreement when I
look into situations like what's going
on in the Middle East the more that I
read and research about it especially
with everything going on with the Syrian
conflict in Iraq over the past 10 or 15
years there's never been a point where
like I read something and it's like this
group of people was sitting here and
they were totally happy and then a
radical religion came in and it
indoctrinated them and now they all want
to kill people that never seems to be
the story but rather you have groups of
people that are oppressed by other
groups of people that then get funded by
other groups of people right like Sunni
oppression in Iraq that's funded and
then Sunni terrorism is funded by the
Gulf states and that all of these things
play out as like these geopolitical
narratives where religion is a factor
sure but I and and I feel like you could
swap out religions here and with these
same prerequisite conditions you would
still more or less get like a similar
thing that if you had if you had like
Protestants and Iraq that were being
oppressed by by Mormons and that the if
the Gulf states were all Protestants
that they would be shipping money to
Protestant extremists in Iraq in order
to fight against the Mormon you know
majority government and whatnot that I
feel like when people focus on religion
it feels really lazy to me where you
just want to blame everything on the
religious beliefs instead of taking some
instead of taking responsibility for the
horrible geopolitical nightmare that's
been created in the Middle East by all
these other countries I disagree and I
agree with ya so I think that will be an
interesting discussion ok yeah so I'm
curious with you what do you what do you
disagree with there well the its it has
a lot to do with the differences the
different cultures the within the
different cultures you have say I know
Pakistan very well that's that's the
country that I made babies with
Pakistani I lived in Pakistan the
longest time I became radicalized in
Pakistan that's my specialty
and a I with
Pakistani culture and the park sign is
an Islamic state you have different
different castes say right so you have
the different in there's many different
sects
in Islam too majority Sunni of course
and you're gonna have this in you that
are generally the ones that are that are
the most extreme um and and I have
argued with other X Muslims that I think
it is a matter of economics and people
being taken care of and having things
provided for them if they have no life
and no future then they're going to give
their life for an extremist cause um but
I argue that the religion has a lot more
to do with it than a Christian religion
would because of the holy books
themselves and because of the way they
have to be taken not that and I think
it's it's that people that tend to be
like me I was very lost and I I tended
towards the extreme because I was so
lost I was so messed up ahead
and I looked for the the bad things that
I wanted to focus on so I think that
instead of the text causes it but the
same it's a make sense like it's it's
also yeah to support your belief a lot
of the so a lot of people would argue
that it's the economically [ __ ] that
turned to extremism however people that
are recruited out of Europe to join Isis
a lot of those people were actually like
middle class people that were lost in
life sure yeah that's what the X Muslims
would argue with me about and I still
yes that's a small percentage but or no
I know I'm agreeing with you and that a
lot of the people that come over weren't
actually economically disadvantaged
today were people that were lost if you
look at the ISIS propaganda videos a lot
of them were just like hey you know like
you've got nothing going on in your life
nobody likes you come fight for us we
can give you a gun and a purpose and
something to really believe in right
these weren't all just economically
[ __ ] people sure yeah so and but it's
just it's the way the texts have to be
taken and it's the fact that they have
to be taken so literally again it
depends on the sect but it lends itself
to extremism and it lends itself to
violent acts obviously it's not every
single Muslim is going to take that even
though it has to be take it literally
with me this is how it works
you have I believed that apostates
needed to be killed right
I believe so you could not curse
Mohammed or Allah
that was it but it wasn't up to me to
kill that person it was up to the people
in charge in in so I would turn them in
and then the police and then he
eventually you know one of the Imams and
the judges they would have to all the
mold these they they would rule on all
these things and then sentence that
person I wouldn't feel bad about that
because that apostate needed to die but
I didn't do it so when I supported
terrorist acts it wasn't that I was like
I would be a terrorist but I believed
that Allah willed it he never would have
happened if Allah had willed it sure
Allah would have stopped it so that
makes perfect sense in my Muslim brain
that makes thanks to me have you ever
heard of the Milgram experiment I'm
sorry no oh it's basically there's an
experiment where somebody's in a room
and they have to shock somebody as
punishment for getting a test answer
wrong and a lot of people that do this
go through with the experiment the
entire way up to lethal levels because
they have a proctor in the room or like
a professor that's telling them to do it
and it's that that diffusion of
responsibility onto an authority figure
is a big driving factor in people in
otherwise good people doing pretty
horrible stuff that's kind of what
you're describing now it's just kind of
interesting to me I think I didn't know
that's what it was called sure I've seen
otherwise wonderful people do horrify I
have thought and done like I said I told
my my dear brother that I wanted him to
die sure because he was gay and while
he's sobbing and as a Mormon I hated
gays too so it was kind of something
that I needed a it was very important
that gay people were here I have a gay
cutter now I always joke that it's I
learned I just I learned compassion and
empathy and and things I didn't have I
didn't even know that I was lacking but
I've seen otherwise wonderful people
just stink to the levels of depravity
especially in in a mob when someone's
being killed and my ex-husband for wine
I mean he wasn't a terrible person all
the time he did terrible things but it
was especially
the whipped into that frenzy there's an
electricity in the air
things it I mentioned the smell but you
can you can smell death
you can smell like the mob frenzy you
can I I don't know how else to explain
it and it's just it's the strangest
phenomena I have not ever seen it I
don't ever want to see it again because
it's terrifying but um it's um it's it's
really weird it's just and these are
normal doctors nurses lawyers normal
people and then they turn into these
monsters and then they're back to be
normal again and it's like it never
happened and I do believe it's crazy I
think it's just it's quite a thing if I
had money and time I would probably
study more about psychology sure now I
have children but through the university
so that's not gonna happen
sure the so typically when I have
discussions I try to have my discussions
as policy oriented or basically my
conversation is how can we make the
world a better place
what are the problems that we need to
talk about and what can we do to make
the world a better place so when I look
at things like Islam or Christianity one
thing that's really frustrating to me
and it was hard to tell on your tweets
and I know that everybody on Twitter can
be a little bit misconstrued I have this
problem sometimes that a lot of people
they get on Twitter and want to rile
against Islam are basically saying what
amounts in my opinion to really stupid
things like Islam needs a reform we need
to perform Islam you know stuff like
this or like we need to fix Islam you
know and it just it seems to me like
there are so many things that we can do
in the world and so many examples of
Muslims who live under Islam today that
aren't crazy radically extremist people
right like for instance there are over
three million Muslims that live in the
United States that aren't killing
apostates or beheading women for you
know getting raped or or other you know
similarly horrible things and then it
seems like there are so many problems in
the Middle East right now that have
nothing to do with religion like all of
the geopolitical vying for influence
that other countries are doing in our
area it seems like it makes so much more
sense to focus on these issues rather
than just levy all of the blame on Islam
and say well Islam needs to fix itself
while Russia and NATO continue to [ __ ]
around in the Middle East and Muslims
around the world that aren't in you know
these really fought countries tend to do
a lot better I just
like a really disingenuous position to
take where nothing good can come from
that conversation you know and as
another point to that real quick like
people always point like well
Christianity had a Reformation that
Reformation was hundreds of years ago
I don't want Christians from the 1800's
or 1900s here today you know like
Christianity didn't really undergo a
Reformation that made the voting for gay
marriage legal it's just that people
became a little bit less Christian but
really I think in the West all right
sorry guys I think that's what it is I
don't think that I don't think this one
can't be reformed and I don't mean a
it's maybe generations from now there
might be a kinder gentler yeah again you
don't know this there's some differences
in sex you never know how that's gonna
go but I think that the reason my reason
