Wow guys welcome to episode 29 of the
Donald Trump podcast how you guys doing
today well I mean you guys floral or
just me singular like you're talking to
Terry talking to me right now
I'm talking to Chet I don't give a [ __ ]
how you're doing oh boy here we go damn
well are you sure you want to give me
that tone right now from what you've
been accused of I've been I've been
skimming your Twitter my especially I
want to give you that tone now that's
what I'm doing to show how much okay
just to show how brave I am okay how are
you doing though my good friend Michael
oh well damn Steven this has gotten
personal now like I could get used to
this this feels good I've been good
actually if you want to go over some
small talk here I have an important
revelation that think you're gonna find
very very fascinating as a white person
okay what is it all right you're welcome
but I'll let it slide this time Zoey I
prefer I prefer Chico I prefer Chico but
go for it okay all right so listen right
all my life I've never had tuna because
to me the [ __ ] smells and looks like cat
food I'm just like no it's gross and
white people love to throw I don't know
some kind of combination of mayonnaise
and mustard in there and call it a salad
tuna salad whatever I don't know looks
looks like cat food to me am I really in
it but big revelation actually I don't
hate tuna I I don't know if maybe I
tried in the past it was some like you
know some processed garbage or whatever
but I was in Costco there was a sample
now the key that's got to here though it
wasn't a tuna alone it was tuna with
almond flour crackers and these crackers
make real crackers tastes like [ __ ] he
thinks her delicious dude so um so I
have like this I had like a which I
remember well what's that tuna call that
I can you can you eat them sorry man
when plena tuna fish I know it's like
some some like fancy like I don't know
something like hipster [ __ ] food tuna
that tastes really good wild yellowfin
tuna it's delicious yeah so that with
the almond flour crackers is actually
really really good so
that is my that's one revelation it's
loaded in protein loaded in omega-3s
it's got the the good fatty acids that
come from fish all around healthy and
the Banger well behind the carbs
obviously cuz it's a cracker but no
[ __ ] you're getting up getting that
gonna tune it down so yeah that's my my
light topic here I know we have a lot of
there's actually a lot of heavy topics
this week so one of the gonna give you a
light mood on a big revelation so I'm
part cat now okay
what about what about you which uh aside
from all the shipping I'll talk about in
a bit here what a well I mean I would
like to affirm that the tuna thing is
real I don't think I would have ever
eaten it normally in my life but for
some reason I don't know if it's like
standard white people stuff but um my
mom used to make tuna we called it tuna
fish when it came out of the can I don't
know if that's normal or not but she
would make like tuna fish sandwiches so
yeah it would be stuff that you put on
bread and you'd eat it and yeah and I
guess I liked it growing up I'd probably
still like it maybe I don't know yeah
that that's the UH that's why I remember
yeah it would be just like shitty tuna
on like untoasted bread and maybe some
mayonnaise no seasoning and just told ya
here's a you know here's a kind of
sandwich F on you why do people ever eat
sandwiches on non toasted bread I don't
know there's lazy III can agree with you
I actually would go as far as he gets
the legal to have a PB&J on non toasted
like the texture is the contrast to the
gooey jelly right it's so much better
literally every single which is better
oh man chat is so literally every
sandwich is improved even if it's
lightly toasted bread it's so much
better oh my god what are you guys doing
a chat with with Gordon Ramsay server on
toasted bun I think not you want to know
what you want to know some you want to
know something that I noticed when I was
in the bathroom I went to Disneyland guy
next to me pulls up to the sink and does
this unbelievably [ __ ] up thing
are you ready unimaginably [ __ ] up mmm
wait he he takes a dump confirms he's
not alone when taking the dump and then
still does the hand the hand wash cup
and worse than that
this guy pulls up to the [ __ ] sink
okay no and he [ __ ] he puts soap on
his hands without getting them wet first
without rinsing I knew without getting
them wet first who does them why I know
there are people in this world that have
like no humanity it's unbelievable this
is like people that put like I've seen
people that do this I saw one girl that
is I kick to the [ __ ] out I didn't even
let her spend the night we hadn't we
didn't get to [ __ ] yet I actually
just sent her [ __ ] home I couldn't
believe it took out her toothbrush not
only did she put toothpaste on her
toothbrush without getting the
toothbrush drop wet didn't she put it
right into her mouth without even
putting water on anything I couldn't
even believe it no Lube yes yes
unbelievable
some people are monsters it's a crazy
world out there man well I mean if we're
gonna if we're gonna get into like the
UH how bad people are brushing their
teeth do I mean they're just some people
just do like 30 seconds they do Front's
only they don't even hit the molars and
just like 30 seconds done called move on
like why even bother yeah yeah and we
were all the action happens in the back
yeah you worry about that you know where
all the cavities come and all the all
that all the all the plaque and decay
can like reside and that's what the
front to look good you know make it it's
the RAM ready and then just peace the
[ __ ] out sure I will say for the 500 IQ
brushers out there you are in fact not
supposed to rinse your mouth when you
finish though you just spit it out but
you're supposed to leave like the
fluoride in there because it bonds with
your [ __ ] enamel or some [ __ ] and if
you rinse it out you like lose that
after a fact or some [ __ ] but there you
go
oooh get them but like when you go to
the dentist
yeah sure yeah right okay what have I
been up to politics
wait this is it's like our third episode
in a row did we do like three in a row
without missing a single week is that
possible I believe so I mean yeah we've
been a yeah yeah we've been on it we
have been on three or four in a row this
unbeliever call correctly it's whenever
you had travel and the week after you
came back we were good cuz week after he
came back I had like a sudden grandmas
[ __ ] that happened to happen on the
windy afternoon so I wasn't good okay
but we're good now though yeah we're
back
poutine baby well right now DT stocks at
an all-time high we are high my longest
streak in in months
yeah but anyway just the same politics
as always you know doing a fighting with
every single person on the internet
apparently and um yeah that's pretty
much yeah and then streaming a lot doing
good on stream not playing a lot of
leagues so things are looking up for me
right now
yeah that's pretty much where I'm at
what do you want - what do you want to
start with today
well okay should I your chats begging me
they're begging me yeah ask you about
squirrels are you really are you huge
squirrel girl fan from Marvel or like
did you like I don't know that you have
some like fried squirrel grease and
there's something what what is what I
don't know there of my asked about right
now what's going on there there is a
person on Twitter that is obsessed with
me do you know who talking about or emo
oh oh wait okay okay okay okay yeah I I
saw this okay I was like I was wondering
okay so yeah it's she is part to the
squirrel from warden stone and and and I
guess I'm kind of like I don't know
online owning here you like you you own
them or whatever uh-huh right or
something like that um i what wouldn't
mean by I own them like they think like
I like [ __ ] on them or something or yeah
I don't know you like you claim their
avatar because they were uh they were
suspend or something like that I forgot
what happened oh no no they private to
their account and they keep saying
they're gonna get banned I don't know
how get better that but uh if it's swim
lefty that used to like me and then is
like obsessed with me because I'm not
like a [ __ ] socialist or communist so
anytime I say anything like remotely not
socialist or communist they freaked the
[ __ ] out and then over the past few
months she's been like digging through
like every single possible [ __ ] thing
I say and it's been insane so we did the
math on her a Twitter she's tweeted a
hundred and four thousand times over the
past five years that averaged out to
like 50 tweets a day every day for five
years and I think when we looked at like
four hours you would expect the awake it
was like it was about five tweets every
hour five tweets every hour she was
awake for the past five years every day
five tweets every hour holy [ __ ]
that's a lot of sweets yeah it was
insane
yeah Jesus but um okay well it wasn't
I'm sorry that wasn't frame looking
appropriate like no context I didn't
probably left because there are some
other Twitter drama we got to get into a
little bit later anyway uh-huh we can
get there it's cool the only elephant
got free that's like some some
light-hearted stuff before we get into
any of the topics here is that I did
watch you and the conservative what's
her name I forgot her name the one need
to be the last the one who definitely
wasn't like Candace Owens who definitely
wasn't like the other crazy black
conservative people mm-hmm
oh god what was her name tree of logic
the one who called you out all you're
projecting all your pivoting yeah you
know her yeah people like that like
genuinely make me question like I like
every like one of the most difficult
things for me to do is there are people
that I talk to and I feel like when I'm
talking to them I feel like I'm looking
down into like a pit that they are like
trapped at the bottom of but they can't
see it and they're like screaming up at
me and they're like you're in the pit
actually you're and I'm like dude you're
what is wrong with you what the [ __ ] is
going on in your head like you're so
lost you can't even tell how lost you
are and I always get worried that like
some day like I will be at the bottom of
that pit that somebody will be talking
to me and I just can't be reached with
any type of reason or logic like all of
our answers were so absolutely like
borderline insane and like her way of
like understanding like what is real or
what isn't real or how she arrives at
conclusions is just crazy it was like oh
my god it was so crazy to me holy [ __ ]
no yeah it was definitely that I what
blew me away
wasn't that like okay sure your your
anti-vaccine your delusional and how one
would enforce the the optional opt in
for vaccine and how we're seeing you
know disease come back into circulation
that weren't around for decades etc it's
that all of that happens she disregards
your stats and you're in your data and
then the minute you get to I think your
actual topic what for police brutality
she immediately had stats it's like how
can you be oblivion
I don't probably got private repeating
this whole thing to you now but like how
can you be like that's really the par
I'd like pause and like walk away in
disbelief here
an hour and change into this she had
stats uh-huh
at least be consistently crazy you know
it's like your girdle you're so deep in
the I'm a cognitive bias or whatever you
want to call her just like oh my god
yeah you conveniently had stats for the
for the point you wanted to fight on but
for everything else you like you just
disregard stats in any kind of way and
having absurd qualifications for how we
can talk about anything yeah and she'll
I couldn't even conceive of like
thinking up like a hypothetical scenario
like it was it was a it was insane like
when I would ask her like hey like what
about like so Frances like she brought
up I mean we're not to go over the whole
debate when she was bringing it like
that aunt Eve acts like I don't know if
it was an Amish community or some
community in Atlanta and I was telling
her like hey well look at all these
other communities that have problems
when they do this terrific well that's
not that one community that I observed
so none of these things matter like I'm
only talking about the one community
that I looked at and it's like okay well
wait hold on like you can't extrapolate
anything you've seen to any other part
of the world like are you actually
incapable of doing that oh is the black
Hebrew Israelites yeah holy [ __ ] yeah it
was like an amazing conversation I
couldn't believe it like it was like
astounding Jesus yeah oh it only I only
care about my community in North Atlanta
I don't care about any anyone else
anywhere else here Kappa but I thought I
want to know it was a it was quite a
listen and it was actually more
emotional than I expected honestly it
was like a that was a it was a roller
coaster man it was a roller coaster for
sure yeah it was a good time it's good I
don't regret buying a ticket to the
front-row seat yeah so okay well without
the way here we got it there's a couple
things right there is uh you know
there's what happened with me over the
weekend there was the my my band or my
suspension from a gdq I'm familiar with
that the the gdq that happened over the
weekend I was like uh-huh a threat on
the on the speedrun reddit and there was
a lot of drama with that we can go into
if you want to hear more about that
trihex I'm taken to task to account for
his sins against humanity how do you
feel about that I know you talked about
it a little on stream but go ahead and
what tell so my understanding is that
basically you
you had a little slip-up a year ago or
two years ago on twitch that you caught
a was it a seven-day band do they let
you appeal it down it was initially a
thirty day that I appeal to get reduced
to a seven yeah so you caught a seven
day band said about set a gamer word
why are you playing a game not good not
at like a gay person yeah but still not
good and then I you were apologetic all
that stuff when you went to submit a
panel a panel or to race at an all games
done quick event that was coming up they
decided to spring on you oh by the way
you're banned from this event because
because of what you did a year and a
half ago or whatever I guess is yeah
yeah okay actually I love hearing your
recap of it cuz then I can I can I know
when to come in and like fill you in all
the gaps if you want to know more about
it but that is that what you know so far
pretty much yeah basically it kind of
the the feeling that I get was that it
it kind of sounded like they really
wanted to ban you from one of the events
so rather than like an ounce of been
linked prior they were like waiting for
you to like submit a panel or something
and they like got you
not this time that's what it sounded
like but that is to be fair that's
getting conspiratorial but I that is the
one thing I have a gut feeling about
ultimately uh-huh yes because I I used
the F slur the f-bomb the F slur it
regards the context I didn't use that
word and I completely regretted it I
apologized for it I knew as soon as I
said it I messed up it was the it was a
not typical moment for me it was pretty
circumstantial involving uh drinking and
playing the new Mario Party which is a
very salty toxic game especially around
friends especially around friends of
friends are not routinely stream savvy
so I was engaged in some very toxic
gamer rhetoric but yeah I said this all
happened on October 5th 2018 as you know
a kapa haka caught my time did seven
days reformed everything else here I
supported this year and yeah i was i was
submitting for was essentially a an
eight-person 4v4 relay for the new mario
maker than the one i'm playing a lot
right now we were gonna perform this at
agdq 2020 which is january 8th through
the 16th 2020 and so we all submitted
any of
August for our our panel I say panel our
speedrun what everyone call it and then
they debut the the game list
this past Sunday you know so a full five
weeks later and they only vet though or
they apparently only vet the runners
after they make the game list so it was
at this time that I was vetted I'm sure
they probably I don't know Google cooled
me and saw what happened or whatever a
year ago until me hey well dude or
zero-tolerance policy on hateful speech
and whatever whatever else I guess pick
a tree or whatever you are also you're
suspended retro actively again their
words from all the gdq events for 2019
and agdq 2020 so after that point then
you can submit and go do everything else
here you can't attend agdq 2020 if you
want to you can you can happily it's in
here you can get most money or whatever
but can you attend this one or not yeah
I can attend this upcoming one is what
I'm talking about here yet a GQ 2020 in
January oh okay yeah yeah I can attend
that one I just can't speed run or be on
commentary you know I can't be a part of
the production of it essentially now
this was this is like not a big deal I
actually like I get it's a they're
they're a charity they got a huge thing
and everything so everyone's been
calling in spam calls it's a huge
charity thing again some private events
their standards they can choose to
employ a zero-tolerance policy and all
that the the the issue is that I was
told like you know essentially a day
before the games list goes live so rabba
is affecting just me and now affects the
entire Mario maker crew the other seven
people now because they're really strict
on like on adjustments last-minute here
so we didn't know if they were gonna
allow that crew to replace me with a
different person or if they were gonna
like or could I appeal and like say hey
look this is gonna ruin the runs gonna
be like a for v3 now or another one
that's not to drop and make it a 3v3 was
kind of wack to that wasn't really what
they were gonna do sorry I think they're
a by their screams you have to get strip
playing like local local league on like
two separate pcs or if they're playing
Smash Brothers and take your pick one of
those two for sure okay so basically you
they retro actively
kind of renovated they suit they banned
you for something you did like a year
ago you came is pretty [ __ ] in terms
of like submitting like a run owed are
they able to find somebody to fill it in
time or they yeah this is what this was
was going on this is why I was so
stressed out Sunday because they didn't
respond to my emails about anything they
were responding to the other party's
emails about stuff so they're kind of
actually ghosting me and under something
I could really do like I didn't know
like [ __ ] I was like [ __ ] should I go
forward and like continue to explain
myself right now I'm gonna do yeah okay
they were able to be able to do another
runner in which is good you gotta save
and now you're now you're here what's
what's the there's not really anything
you can do right other than kind of feel
[ __ ] about it I guess for a while yeah
well the problem was like I was
essentially yeah it caused me a lot of
uh need stress they could just like
spring me a little bit sooner or I was
something like that and told me I was a
I was suspended or whatever that could
have happened they could told me that
like even further back possibly there
was the other issue too is the fact that
like I I in a panic Saturday night when
I got the email but I'm suspended I let
my discord know that hey I'm not gonna
I'm not in the run anymore because the
email seems pretty firm there's a zero
tolerance policy and the whole thing
here so do the match from a year ago I'm
still you know taking heat for it so
yeah I can't I can't do anything and the
thing was that discord thing is the one
thing I'm learning right now actually
public disc forwards or not private I
mean I didn't think about it cuz I
didn't give a lot of thought but I was
like okay I'll let my community know oh
you know that [ __ ] will go on every four
minutes you know I thought Twitter's
official disk boards a little more
chilling on row that [ __ ] was on this
four to five minutes later was on reddit
make pop the red I'm like [ __ ] dude and
I didn't mean to put a negative light on
the entire run and make it like about me
or whatever I'm just like a wolf [ __ ] I
[ __ ] up there I gotta like I've got a
chill now and not say anything until you
know until things resolve and wrap up
uh-huh but the one issue of the whole
thing there does seem is the fact that
like people are only seeing like the
discussion of what happened which was
that I used a homophobic slur and
they're like there's very not often
accompanying context on how that was
done or what was said uh-huh so I don't
know whenever you hear that attracts
alma phobic slur you're gonna assume the
worst you might call some gay kid
you know the double syllable yeah yeah
BuzzFeed did this to me an article when
they wrote I think this is why my yang
interview got canceled
a few months ago when they wrote an
article on me they said that I was
banned from twitch for homophobia Wow
right it was something like that it was
like okay whatever but yeah but not
anymore that is where reformed streamers
and we don't make those mistakes anymore
right yeah yeah yeah so yeah essentially
I got redirect again by some people
online everything else here and it's
like I had to come I'd have come through
with the uh you know with the
elaboration on everything's a deaf
behind it's not God mess of anything
recently here so I I may know I came
through again I'm not here to contest
their band obviously but I thought I do
think they could have handled it a
little bit better to have me not like
stress the [ __ ] out all Sunday and you
know have to like you know play the the
pr2 attacking him again and all the
other stuff there uh-huh
so that was mine that was my weekend so
yeah probably go to agdq 2020 because I
don't want I don't want to like make it
awkward anything like that and I don't
really feel welcome anyway that's all
you know so at this time I don't want to
be a hinderance to any communities over
there so and I want anyone making
Aquifer me where it's all like you know
during the MARTA makerbot role like or
you look there bro and it's like well
yeah so I rather just like chill and
just you know stay home to my thing
instead so it is what it is it's all
good it's all good yeah yeah that's what
happened to me over the weekend yeah it
should be great but you know what the
same time though the one positive there
that came out of it was it did feel good
to finally talk about my suspension last
year and talk about you know how I
reformed you know actually you know
that's a little small story there about
how I visited twitch HQ and while
suspended essentially because at the
film some twitchcon stuff that's already
approved for anyway uh-huh and I'm
surrounded by LGBTQ people and like I
didn't know like who knew what I said
and who thought that I was a bigot or a
homophobic [ __ ] or anything else here
and I'm not such so you know at that
point like I kind of got humbled because
I saw the people that could harm and who
could affect and I'm like yeah you know
this is bigger than me I can I can do
better here actually you know I I do
affect real people whenever I use those
that harmful terminology
so you know I got a little bit those
good to talk about a little bit more
well good job I'm proud of you bud
you're a reformer now we're looking at a
reform try X here oh yeah real [ __ ] dude
real [ __ ] [ __ ] you I'm sorry because
actually I don't know have you
you have ran at all games done quick
before right have you ever you've been
at events like these on past right hmm
yeah oh yeah I'm actually a veteran I
was at the very first one in 2010 okay
and I've been to like over seven of them
since then like I'm I'm I am I got this
[ __ ] tattooed on my back from way back
when what do you what do you normally
run when you wear them in the past in
the past it was Yoshi's Island the game
replays do Sheen and you have Baby Mario
riding on Yoshi it's very very intense
in fact it's so intense people would
often request a controller cam because
you can see my hand just like going
stupid on the controller and everyone
would like be in awe of my APM rivaling
that at the great destiny when you
playing Starcraft 2 okay let's not get
carried away all right I mean I'm
someone like I'm just letting you know
famous [ __ ] was crazy dude like okay so
uh yeah that's what I was known for
gotcha well nice job the 112 you know a
baby the streets 1:12 all all day long a
legend a legend so that's the that's the
all games done quick drama with trihex
there's not much you can really do move
on hopefully the next time it rolls
around you do you think you'll probably
go in the future right SM you begin
today yeah no I love the L of the event
I say the guy just advocated they just
handle their stuff better like there is
okay if I'm being completely honest here
there is like kind of like you have a
kind of a monopoly on like the growth
within speedrunning right now so there's
kind of like this like secrecy thing
where it's like art people are scared to
like be candid and be honest on feedback
on things that could improve because now
like if you're on Apple's press list you
don't want to like see any mega by Apple
because then you'll just get put on the
blacklist you know just like products
earlier yeah so you don't wanna you know
you can become scared to speak out and
be honest because cuz then people just
like morale Haro and say oh with the
cherry food and it's like well yeah it's
a charity event great charity is awesome
but like you can definitely advocate
them do better on a lot of things
especially for on the production side
there's a lot that they
do that think they can improve on
certainly including the delivery of
things like this mm-hmm
you know I went to some small small
things about that as well on my own
stream but which also y'all can catch on
the YouTube if y'all your my chat you
can type my somebody smart gdq and you
can get the youtube link there to get
the whole thing I got it for y'all nice
and good
if you want minor plug okay but yeah
that's the that's the entire thing for
you I was emotional mess actually you
know to give you to give you an idea fam
I would have loved to have like you know
hommina hommina hommina and talking
about it oh here's a point where I did
it that did that discord ping the reddit
thread was like five hundred posts deep
and I had no one confident to talk to
about I couldn't dam anyone's I'm just
like the deems to leak to a lien [ __ ]
oath to do here so I literally turned my
phone off and let's go walk my dogs like
five hours all right I went somewhere
far away so I got on the neighborhood
just like walk my dog uh-huh beautiful
sunny afternoon with my phone off
because I didn't know what else to do
I'm like wait why didn't you message me
what the [ __ ] oh um I don't know I
thought you were you're probably a lot
of you were busy I don't know I don't
want to like you know I'm always in the
pit you're a second place you feel like
you know you're it's so hopeless that
you know you're not worth being helped
because ultimately I shouldn't have said
it if I didn't say it wouldn't be
situation right now you know I didn't
know I don't know I probably approached
they give you a call honestly or text
your solar system cool like that but I
don't know I was I was I wasn't I was in
my sadboys like really really hard so I
didn't I didn't nothing felt hopeful I
guess until whatever well in the future
you can always call me but okay all
right I got um I appreciate that all
right what do we got next
alright so if you want to go heavy we
can go with the German synagogue
shooting that happened breaking news we
can we can go into what we know so far
and what there is to make up at this
time everyone goes a little bit lighter
we can go into some of this crazy [ __ ]
going on in San Jose California with the
UH the unspecified uninformed happens
whenever for however long power outage
thing with the PG&E we talked about that
I mean we can do the the
shooting real fast I guess there's not
yeah that's probably Minh I got the way
here yeah there's not much to say about
it I mean apparently a couple guys tried
to shoot up a synagogue and they
streamed it on Twitch under the csgo
section mm-hmm right but I mean there's
yeah there's not much to say like it may
or may not be politically motivated I
don't know how much information is gonna
release check I think this literally
always one guy sorry one guy shot I
think it was one guy and he did he had
some ramblas on stream apparently it was
political evaded he had a well
determined politically motivated god yes
I'm like yeah I did did he like say it
like the wasn't a Holocaust denier said
it was the fault of the Jews and yeah um
but yeah this happened literally I think
like a couple hours ago or a few hours
ago mm-hmm yeah his mother crazy [ __ ] -
you said there the the declining birth
rates are at fault from feminism and and
that's ultimately from the Jews I know
it was some some crazy shits and crazy
rants he was saying uh-huh so yeah just
typical like not a not crazy person
that's a difficult like I don't mean to
downplay it at all here y'all just like
this is did you watch the video no I did
you were able to find it I didn't I
didn't find it personally I I saw his
feedback on it apparently did a pretty
terrible job at his attempts to be a map
really because I get into the synagogue
or whatever but like yeah so he like
started walk around I like killing like
pastor bars it was kind of weird to me I
don't know if it's maybe because in
Germany like shootings just don't happen
but they were like times where he's like
pointing like guns at people they're
like don't react at all they were just
like look at him and they're like what's
up I don't know if it's because in
Germany they just don't aren't used to
mass shooters maybe like we are in
America but like yeah I thought that was
like really strange but yeah you compare
that to um if I can take a minor thing
here do you recall there was a thing
that happened in New York City were like
a motorcycle like exploded or something
or like me a very loud noise and
everyone freaked out and thought it
smashing everyone like scramble do you
know incident I I haven't heard about
this in particular but it doesn't
surprise me that if you hear something
like that people to freak the [ __ ] out
yeah okay it was it wasn't okay it was a
motorcycle that backfired and it was in
Times Square Oh everyone
I think we did this wasn't that long ago
right I think we listened to the video
it sound that actually sounded like
gunshots though that was crazy
I remember the cell yeah we watched this
yeah there's video of it yeah I think we
watch this recently but then like the
past like a month or two it was crazy
yeah okay okay yeah so just you know
comparison of reactions from you know
being in USA versus like us elsewhere
yeah he was able to get to the synagogue
so he just started like shooting up
other shooting or went somewhere else or
whatever
uh-huh I heard it was like he was very
very bad what he did which is good
ultimately that means that less people
were hurt as of right now the death toll
is currently at two but I guess and
there's not much more we can go into
right now concerning the shooting itself
here yes you have we want to add to it
no I mean we kinda have to wait and see
what happens I'm even a little hesitant
saying that like it was like Nazi [ __ ]
or whatever because it could have been
you could've been meaning about stuff II
read or whatever I think it's usually
better to wait for the dust I said a
little bit on this there's not much
advantage to like covering it like as it
happens people are questioning me here
I'm sorry yeah III read here was a
there's currently two confirmed dead am
I am I wrong on that chatter I'm that's
the last time that I'm aware of that
yeah I don't have to get me question
marks I'm not I don't know
okay well so here's the bigger thing
right or not the bigger thing but like
the the contextual thing for us as
streamers here this was this was
broadcast you know I mean like I got
three calls here damn
hey wait do you think if I start
screaming into my microphone do you
think Triax is gonna have to take his
headset off oh my god I want to do it oh
my god should I tell me if I should do
it do it
sorry about that that was oh boy sorry I
you know when your mom Steven when your
mom calls
when your mom calls midstream what do
you do do you do you hang up on her or
do you do you answer the phone I
probably answer I'll tell her hey I'll
call you back
yeah yeah it was essentially I was like
you know call answer how urgent is this
okay I can solve it an hour from now
great okay I'll fight back so just wanna
let everyone know you know love my mom
and she wouldn't call me who wasn't
waste of time most of the time she does
love to like call me when it could have
been attacks but you know it's all good
you know yeah it's all good hear from
her okay so that's basically that I mean
there's nothing else to say
what's nice you know the the the the the
contextual factor that it was live
streamed on Twitch tone DB see now cuz
we were talking us before right that
eventually the inevitability years that
we're gonna start doing [ __ ] like this
on Twitch yeah yeah you know what the
Facebook live one that happened to was
that last year the earlier this year I
forget now the one with a guy shot the
dude the black guy the homeless guy I
don't know if I'm homeless tonight with
a guy that almost reported that was on
Facebook live but there was like a it
was a worse one though right there was
another one where a guy walked to a
church and like killed like 12 to 30
people and amazing about the Christ
Church the New Zealand one yeah there
yeah yeah yeah yeah I mean
live-streaming is like it's this is
actually like super dark but um god I
don't remember the names remember all
those shitty movies that do like the
battle Royales or isn't like I'm trying
to remembered no no no no oh god I think
there are multiple movies but I know
that there are a few would like the
famous actors but like don't they
normally set up the plot is like they
livestream like the games or whatever
and that's like the thing that like
people obsess over I wanna say like the
like either Vin Diesel or the rock or
whatever was in like one of these does
anybody what I'm talking about it might
it again it might literally be called
battle royale I think I might be the
name of the movie but it's kind of like
that it's the idea that people like
obsessed with like watching like that
type of like action like live or
whatever it's a little dark that we're
kind of like in that era
we're like if you want to be like a mass
shooter now you know people always like
don't give them attention don't say
their name but now they can literally
like live stream that type of content
that's pretty insane I was going to
guess death grace
like this really like like b-movie us
but movie but I don't know you talk
about I know people were saying on our
games I don't think you mean something
that obvious gamer starring Gerard
Butler I don't think so people are
saying the name of the movie was gamer
is that actually what it was called yeah
that was a shitty movie called gamer
where uh well it was it wasn't an island
game like there dropped on an island but
it's like being like broadcasted live or
whatever I think it well we don't need
to look at the exact I don't know what
what about it so yes I did
well yeah I'm just saying like yeah I'm
pretty sure it was like the name of the
movie was like battle royale or whatever
but um yeah it's crazy or there's like
an American version of it but um yeah
you guys sure yeah I don't any what do
you think are any lasting ramifications
here no no no now that officially you
know a shooting happened and it was
directly on Twitch this time we think
happens from here if anything or just
like you know it's a you know an
abnormal thing it wasn't promptly remove
from twitches like director easier than
Austin between here I don't think
there's nothing which can really do
about it right I suppose so I mean I I
mean by are all strange enough negative
press came from like a co Association of
twitch like oh this guy was a twitcher
and did all this stuff maybe twitch
would have to like maybe perhaps like
make a statement on like the dangers of
live-streaming or like maybe like Verity
Oh
firstly thank you the name of the movie
was to condemned that's what I was
thinking I was from 2007
okay but I'm twitch already tweeted out
something about how like this type of
content is like clearly not acceptable
and they removed it as soon as they saw
what was going on but yeah okay okay no
there's a hypothetical going through my
head here not nothing nothing definitive
of course okay yeah there's like not
much one thing that's gonna be very
interesting the implications of this is
we're starting to get into a world where
a lot of these mass shooters are like
very plugged into like online media one
thing that I kind of worry about it's
gonna be really scary when there's like
a mash
shooter and they're like link his
Twitter account and you click it and you
see that like he follows you that's
gonna feel like really unnerving and and
we're gonna get to the point to where
there are like mass shooters that people
are like oh [ __ ] like I remember him
like I like gave him a hug at twitchcon
or some crazy [ __ ] like that you know
like her I've got like pictures like
he'll post like an Instagram that you'll
and you'll see like oh like he went to
like this event or this event like it's
I think it's gonna make I wonder if it
would make people more paranoid you know
that's a valid point actually actually
if we can't hear this actually could set
with him too
not a topic I had planar but when I read
about um so if you didn't if you don't
know here the Columbine shooting right
the two guys the the trenchcoat mafia
the two shooters I forget the names
particularly here but uh whenever they
executed everyone on you know April 20
1889 at Columbine High School they they
notably spared some of their best
friends right because they're like you
know you whatever like I feel for you
and you weren't a dict me or you're
worthy of my approval whatever and he's
kind of like spared them randomly in the
midst of their massacring very very sad
tragic here and you're right it that you
you know in an essence here you could be
kind of like their comfort food in
between they're like diabolical planning
for for attempted you know murdering
just terrible
you don't be associated with that at all
like that I don't give a [ __ ] about that
I was thinking about being comforted I'm
more worried that like damn like what
did that guy would have done is like
mass murdering when he like came up to
me that's more but I won't have palette
I guess the cover food thing or whatever
something to think of it to but I'm more
like if some guy like shook my hand at
twitchcon and he had the capacity to
like go and like shoot up like some
[ __ ] church it was like well [ __ ] like
I could have tried something you know at
twitchcon like that would be like really
scared of me you know that's what I was
thinking of me okay okay
as in like a threat to you possibly yeah
hell yeah what the [ __ ] mmm that's a
fair point but TC I feel pretty better
about than most other things they're
they were really thorough though bad
check stuff or you feel that wasn't the
case no I think they were pretty
thorough yeah yeah yeah I wasn't number
two see were in here I'll be pretty
impressed you have to try and attack TC
at this point man so that was a hard
thing to do after the Jacksonville
shooting but now the the the reason why
was bringing us up here though is
because uh
was a story that broke actually earlier
this week here he didn't hear about it
there was a mother of a 17 year old and
she had to call the police on her own
child child whatever young young adult
because she had found troubling journal
entries about him methodically planning
to do a mass shooting at his high school
on April 20 2020 an anniversary of
Columbine with like with detailed
outlines in a journal entry about how he
was going to carry it out and I was
gonna kill anyone running around trying
to survive was in particular for the
ones who were scrambling for mercy and
spared them none the kid wouldn't
confront it said it was a creative
writing exercise the mom wasn't having
that and called police and you know had
him confiscated and then some errantly
you you know he was mentally off and had
some meds and some antidepressants uh
and everything else here but yeah man
that's crazy
uh-huh I wish I had the link variety I
actually forgot about getting us one for
here I would have the link but uh maybe
someone to check and planet-forming here
or I can I can find it for you but that
that's the one to kind of bring I forgot
Wowz bringing us up here for you right
now but that was a that was a thing yeah
mother calls police on son yeah here we
go hmm no I kept on the recent one um
was it September 3rd
I was like actually earlier this week
here maybe I was wrong on that I'm sorry
I don't have the situation for you right
now all right what are we moving on to
next what's next what's next year so
let's see if you want to do other big
things or we can kind of go to a smaller
thing now how do you feel about this
this power outage damn you hear about
this one on the people gave ass somebody
asked me about I looked it up and
apparently it's only for like Northern
California but supposedly like a bunch
of places in Northern California
yes your I'll give you a I'll give you
my only to have right here so yeah
supposedly it's gonna be like a big
power outage due to the fire stuff
there's like millions of people that are
gonna be cut off like that's pretty
crazy
yeah 800,000 of customers gonna be
affected by the outage
the problem is is like the how vague
they are about who's gonna be affected
there's like outage areas outlined on a
map uh-huh
but like how how long is another
question here too you know could be
could be four hours could be eight hours
could be five days smell yeah I was
hearing like upper bound like worst
estimates is that you could go like a
week or more without power that that was
like possible yeah it's not that's crazy
another thing I understand here is I
okay so like what's the why what's going
on here because the general are we up
singing on Twitter's the fact that um
this could be prevented orders could've
been prevented somehow it didn't have to
be this way but due to like I don't know
stagnant incompetence or just lack of
competition to really like make them
give a [ __ ] they're just like this is
their cheapest outcome just to have this
outage occur rabbit and actually like
fixed uh I don't know like preemptively
fixes problem from occurring possibly I
don't know I don't know enough about
that [ __ ] to know that they could have
found a way to contain the fire
otherwise yeah only have this one
article that says um you know one angle
of it but if I have enough angles to
comprehensively say like people are
saying apparently that the power company
is literally using like 100-year old
equipment or some [ __ ] I don't know
that's true that would surprise me or
infrastructure is pretty terrible in USA
and that doesn't surprise me at all yeah
well if you're in a San Jose area keep
me informed I uh that that [ __ ] sucks
tuned and apparently it's good this
affects a lot of people too because
there's there are some that might be on
like I'm exhuming observe examples here
but like life support medical equipment
and things like that and yeah you could
be a you could be [ __ ] I'm kind of
wondering here like what are the
specifics here on areas these affected
areas like they have maybe have like I
don't know hospitals or like I imagine
if you're like a hostel or some [ __ ] you
probably have like you probably have
like backup generators and stuff yeah
and an independent uh possibly
independent grid or backup generators
some combination of the two
uh-huh but at same time here also
wondering you know about these like
senior folks homes I know
having had my grandmother being one
recently for rehab I've seen some of the
people are in there and they do
definitely need some of those a some
some of them do require some of those
equipments for sure
Oh Berkeley canceled classes for a week
well that's nice so there's that I wish
I had more here off to get it get into
it um so so there's that power outage so
so I was just one day and get [ __ ] so
I go see I'm hoping things go better
here for everyone involved there but
yeah that definitely does suck ask
though definitely need like a I don't
know I would love to see something done
as long as far as IQ well goes for
America but got some kind of like
mandated minimum on like infrastructure
upkeep altogether like some kind of like
is this a good thing right now actually
is there like a is there like a um
sounds good but when it comes to like
our roads and [ __ ] the problem is like
everybody wants to do upkeep everybody
says like oh we need to maintain our
[ __ ] but nobody wants to vote on raising
taxes for it like even in Omaha like
when I see a moose crowd they've gotta
like fight so hard to raise the property
tax by like a percentage of a percentage
of a percent and people go [ __ ]
apeshit over it like yeah I mean like
yeah we definitely do need to rebuild
our [ __ ] and our infrastructures in a
pretty sad state but the money has to
come from somewhere that people seem
like unwilling to bend mm-hmm yeah I
think that goes back here to like this
uh the general notion that taxes are
evil at all times
mm-hm so there's never any like there's
like no revenue to pull from to actually
like a for that fund these things
unfortunately yeah it sucks yeah alright
what's next next we got let's see here
this one you might find actually I don't
have citation for but I found this tweet
here and a so feel free tick with a huge
grain of salt so you can take a massive
dump on me and it if you think it's like
stupid but Edward Snowden tweeted about
earlier today here the city of Miami is
possibly getting a 30-year contract on
on having their light poles equipped
with cameras that would be able to read
license plates and said company getting
contracted to maintain these cameras and
everything and everything and involved
in their operation would be able to eat
you know there'll be
no pause there for them to not be able
to hoard and sell your data acquired
from these cameras that sounds pretty
[ __ ] [ __ ] if there's not like a
clause for that
why does Miami need these cameras what
were they using them for this is this is
from the the for my sentence from the
Miami PD wanting this year they also
want some kind of like cell phone
surveillance they are these like traffic
cams for like like speeding tickets and
[ __ ] dad I don't know I don't know if
it's for particular for a speeding
cameras are not here but um I just
imagine if they wanted for like a bunch
of reasons coming on uh could be
documentation of traffic you know any
people's looks suspicious you know
whether it be like I don't know drug
importation or anything dry my name is
where I got a lot of [ __ ] going on to
that come and probably have a multitude
of reasons why the city the Miami PD
might want those cameras almost lights
uh-huh and once it open up to read
license plates for us license plates for
them so yeah you know whether it be you
know there's a bunch of human
trafficking drug trafficking stolen
vehicles dirty plates all all that kind
of stuff there yeah I don't know that's
um I mean like we kind of have these
discussions all the time like how much
how much freedom do you trade for how
much security or whatever I like on one
end I guess I don't like I don't mind
the idea of like having cameras and [ __ ]
as long as you're not going to give me a
speeding ticket out of it because [ __ ]
speeding but um yeah I don't know I mean
like technically you can already collect
all this information anyway Lee people
privately have cameras set up and
shouldn't if it was overlooking a street
like they could theoretically collect
all the information there's probably
nothing you can do about it so yeah I
guess my thing here is like I wish I
couldn't find I was trying to find more
on this I couldn't find anything on it
and the thing is like I wonder how this
whole thing works out did like the
independent company like approached the
city of Miami and be like hey look we'll
we'll do everything for free you know
we'll give you access to it we'll
install a maintain it in exchange you
know ultimately what's on the camera is
our products or you know or the people
there in the fog so you want the data
can we sell it that out look I uh I mean
I don't even know if there's that much
money to be made doing that right now
like what do you even do with data like
that other than sing like where people
go to
from everyday I'm not sure I mean I
don't do I don't know wise well why is
Facebook violating violating a data
breach so freaking often right when
they're just like whether it be like
third party basically it's like far more
sophisticated data on users right eye
traffic stuff I imagine the city
probably has like a contract that
they're actually paying this camera
company for they're not offering to do
it for free
I doubt it right that's my speculation I
mean that it's an option I don't I don't
know that's a fair point I I wouldn't
know often here
sorry I keep I keep upping the topic
you're all labor prices the price for
Piper the rabbits topic right yeah
actually
yep so that topic is uh is done and you
know I've been giving you some softballs
here let's go ahead and get into the get
into the one-year some I call them a
beta cook here sir Bernie's heart attack
yeah it's talked about in word DMCA
Twitter beef races I don't know what's
going on but what is going on destiny
why why am I getting thrown in the
crossfire of your Twitter drama at this
point because almond Uncle Tom who's
enabling a man wild with power right now
who's abusing DMCA stuff like it's a lot
of it like it's a lottery ticket
dispensary because you are shutting down
free speech nothing right here what's
going on fam so ok so back up to the
beginning ish beginning beginning so my
stance on language has always been I've
always I don't really care what people
say like in their free time or in their
personal time my goal has always been
responsible use of speech and like a
public platform so generally like there
are certain words I say or I don't say
there are certain jokes I make right
don't make because it's a public figure
I know that if I say or joke about
certain things I'm like empowering like
certain groups of people that I'm not
comfortable doing that with so there are
certain slurs that there are certain
like jokes or things that I try to avoid
as a public figure but I've always
maintained the position of like I really
don't care like what people do like in
the free time personally I don't I so
there was like a strange bit of drama
that occurred with a it's a really long
story really done but with some people
that I was spending time with at
twitchcon and one of them I thought that
they were like dead
with their leader like Oh destiny like
he says the n-word sometimes like it
privately like he does it and like I
heard it I was like yeah whatever like I
say the n-word all the time whatever I
don't care like privately like I say
like a lot of crazy races should
whatever not obviously not all the time
and probably not even really that often
but people clip this is like it was some
like huge admission like I'd never said
this before and now people are running
around like basically saying that like
I'm constantly like saying it like
basically I'm just waiting to shut my
stream off at the end of the day so I
can just scream Leon word like a million
times or any other slur and then that
squirrel girl has been involved in like
trying to like clip like random things
showing but like me and all of my
friends like I think she retweeted a
picture of mr. Mouton wearing like a
face mask like he was doing blackface it
was like I guess her implication
whatever like really crazy [ __ ] and
usually like when people start like
crazy like clipping [ __ ] and like
harassing me online like she's been
doing it for like months on end I
usually just start firing off DMCA's oh
these people are annoying me if they're
just like because usually what she does
is she just like takes my video and
shiri uploads it right onto Twitter and
then she starts tweeting out like hippy
[ __ ] was like oh [ __ ] it all do you see
how you usually it's to [ __ ] with people
like you know you can't really hide
content like that from the internet but
I know that like it pisses people off so
yeah [ __ ] mmm okay mmm which part you
want to go into Michael well so the the
beef um I'm getting thrown in here with
is like so you know you know my take on
on language before we even get into like
how I feel about it so far from what I
know
uh-huh I'm pretty liberal on language
usage I do feel the modernization of
language is important things take into
account whenever uh words are being used
and ultimately whenever you taboo such
words you're giving them like boosted
explicit explicit II and that you know
sixty years ago
curse words were considered the highest
taboo but because of their saturation
and usage and modernization they are now
you know comically inadequate that's why
you know we're trying to like really get
at someone you're using you're using you
know a homophobic slur or a racial slur
and those are like much more taboo right
now even though we have you know ninja
with an a at this point becoming uh has
a lot more different connotations with
it now compared to like even like being
clumped with the hard are even like to
eat two decades ago right
so just I wanted to get that one out the
way here again so I'm always eager to
hear the context of how things were said
and what was said before I fire off into
any kind of like I don't know whatever
word police or whatever but I guess the
the problem that I see the problem here
the hot button here is that you admit
that you may use problematic language in
private and that you just opted to put
on a performance and be you know
baseline you know mass per formal when
you're in a public public state and I
mean like people can call it I guess
like I guess people can call it a
performance if they want but they're
like I mean there are certain jokes that
I feel comfortable making around certain
people and there are certain jokes that
I don't feel comfortable making around
certain people um so like for instance
like if Molina's taking a long time to
get ready like I might tell her like if
you don't hurry up like I'm gonna throw
you off the balcony I'm getting tired of
waiting for you but like if I was not
like at a nice restaurant and we walked
in and Melina was like lagging behind
I'm not gonna turn around and say that
same thing in front of my server because
I don't know what the [ __ ] my server is
gonna think about me saying that I don't
know if she thinks I'm serious if I'm
actually gonna kill her
she's gonna call the cops like I don't
know like if she thinks it's a joke or
like let's say that I'm at the gym or
whatever and with Melina and I start
like telling her I'm gonna harass her so
I'm sure like I don't know if someone
else is gonna like join in and like try
to hit her with me or some [ __ ] like I
don't know right because I don't know
what these people think I don't know
what's going on right usually when I
think of like language and things I can
say or can't say I'm usually thinking in
terms like what leads to like the what
leads to harming people right and how do
we like reduce harm so like if I'm like
with a friend or two and you know we are
and I like I know the people pretty well
like we say a lot of like jokes that are
really edgy that I wouldn't feel
comfortable saying like publicly on
stream because I don't know who's gonna
hear it how they're gonna take it but I
can be like reasonably confident how
like friends that I have like in real
life are going to take things because
I'm just I'm more familiar what they
believe in what they know and how we
draw a gram of each other yeah yeah I do
admire that you are like a very very
transparent in that that's like
something I feel like most wouldn't even
admit like um you know that you that you
even would admit that you say edgy edgy
debatably questionable things in private
and then you like what you put on the
public face afterward uh-huh I feel free
but if I'm vom phrasing incorrectly here
I don't I don't like the I don't like
that phrasing maybe it's a little
pedantic but like to put on a public
face
like the thing that bothers me is it
like so there are arguments that you can
make you should never ever use
problematic language even in private
there are arguments that could be made I
don't agree with them but there are good
arguments that you can make for that but
and I'll hear those arguments and I can
respond to the segments but I don't like
when people say you put on a public face
what people make it sound like is oh
destiny comes out and he'll debate for
you know all of these things but he's
actually really homophobic and racist
and it's like mm I'm not comfortable
with that one like I don't think that's
a fair characterization of Who I am or
what I do now if you want to say like
destiny uses different jokes publicly
the nudist privately or destinies on the
exact same publicly on stream Aziz
privately oh yeah of course but I mean I
would say nobody is right like I act
differently around a girlfriend's
parents as I would around a group of
strangers as I would around a server in
a restaurant as I would around my friend
like I act differently between like
Nathan's teachers right like I'm gonna
act differently in all of these
circumstances of course okay it's
Barrett and I [ __ ] was gonna say about
that here I agree with you to that the
so obviously the ending here is that if
I if I was on that side then now I have
to advocate or one would assume I'm
advocating for that you don't say bad
words ever including in private you know
you just completely control everything
and lock it all down and I also don't
agree with that either because I do
think there is a valuable dialogue that
can be had if we if we just taboo the
use of the usage of any and any and
every word in isolation even of a
constructive dialogue about like well
what is it interpret as now compared to
what it was then you know it
hypothetically in a world here if I like
in the aftermath of my F slur incident I
wanted to go over the history of the F
slur and bring up its usage whenever it
was used in a certain way you know maybe
as far back as fifty years ago compared
to twenty years ago compared to you know
mid 2000s compared to now you know it's
those are all probably three or four
very different iterations of the use of
the word I can going all that same thing
for you know ninja with an a ninja with
the hard are etc sure look even now I
can't even I miss I think I think you're
allowed to
again I think you're allowed to say it
but rather it's not worth it man
like I'm at that point now I I've lost
the will to fight Annette on that stand
dude look how look i'ma try to deal with
from-from 2018 I get that that was a
different time now but uh huh I would I
would love to have that dialogue at this
point but I just don't know if it's
gonna be constructive on on Twitch or at
all cuz like uh-huh I'm already I'm
already guilty of an infraction at this
point and I just don't want to risk it
ultimately sure and only that here but
like whenever I think back to the whole
incident now and you know Oracle's get
written by publications over anything I
say or do that's negative and I'll get
that cow bounced my new things that are
positive so just kind of skews my google
metrics on on these articles that pop up
again and again and again so I just
don't know and then also we have a clip
culture now or just like shaking stone
in a context here do that you know
honestly gonna get real right now can't
get real for a second yeah
I mean you got haters I'm shrinking
here's all the time here too but I
that's all this one this one
douchenozzle and in your subreddit that
like trying to find this gotcha clip of
me coming off as anti homophobic but the
clip was clearly seven seconds long and
totally out of context here and it was
me satirically mocking being homophobic
cuz I was impersonating the PERT the
YouTube video we just got done watching
about some homophobic bigot oh damn yeah
but obviously that the threat had like
zero votes though and the guy got and
[ __ ] on really hardcore from Europe
from your fellow uh your fellow
subreddit errs but the point is like
these haters they do exist and it's like
I would love to feel confident one day
to have the ability to have that kind of
dialogue about about language and really
going ham on on you know the whole thing
about you know why people want to ban
trihard and why and why it's a bad thing
to ban trihard and go further in on that
language dialog but I don't know man
it's risky right now you know going
again let me clarify that again with the
qualification here right now I have one
infraction I'm chilling if I get another
infraction for any reason or if I'm on
the defensive for being accused of being
yet again a beginner or whatever maybe
uh-huh now I'm on two strikes now
Montagne
now I'm forever on you know peanut
shells and nails and everything else in
between so I'd rather I'd rather just
chill and not and not and not not not do
fights I don't have to do at this time
yeah yeah carry it can be scary I mean
what are you you you have what currently
what one one strike two I recall
correctly
um four on well assuming here we believe
the policy of twitch where you
three-strikes-you're-out
yeah well I only have one a DMCA right
now which at the moment isn't definite
but in terms of like hate speech Ernie
that I'm clear right now you should be
as well though because your ban was a
long time ago those clear those are
permanent marks no those drop off yeah
you're good you should be 100 cynically
right now oh you feel liberated wait
don't go too crazy not on my stream you
can I thought it was like three strikes
man I was like you know you know you get
three strikes then you get the jail sale
that's about it dude you and Twitter G
offer you and uh you and twits jail
forever you know but um basically that's
the summary of like all the [ __ ] that
I'm in so like every time this comes up
everybody acts like it's like a huge
surprise and then people say that I'm a
secret racist or so you got writer and
then sometimes if I get like sick enough
of it I just start like DMC aying people
if they're like literally just like
ripping my clips and like uploading them
straight on to Twitter and they're using
them to like attack me
I'll just games cam [ __ ] it cuz it's
because I'm within my legal rights to do
so like people act like it's I'm abusing
the DMCA but I'm not like your Wii
hosting my content like full stop
without any editing or anything at all
so I mean I'm within my rights DMCA and
yeah I do it so welcome now and just
before we move on here so I got a guy
throughout the the one thing that that
clears both mean you hear about this
whole thing right uh-huh
so so because this is what the thing
they're gonna throw me out if I don't
call you out on right now here ya go so
he comes to say hypothetically the
n-word usage yeah one would assume you
wouldn't want to use it around me but
you but you would feel a couple using it
around other people given the context of
whatever maybe you lose prior to having
a black best friend on the fountain if I
am your black best friend or whatever
maybe right but so the reason why I'm
not gonna I'm not popping dancing on
that right now here about that is that
again III do believe in the liberation
of language
and my two prior roommates like you know
when I back when I was a full-time
university student it was a it was a
Vietnamese friend and a white guy and
they both you know way more you know
we're gonna call it thuggish to me and
they they use ninja with an a all the
[ __ ] time way more often than me
actually they actually were you know
they were like man you mean you had
white his [ __ ] bro today they were the
ones who were just like you know super
super into the whole thing there they
were you know this gets reinforced from
you know hip-hop and rap music and just
like the the more of like the the
modernized contextualization that it's
like I don't know what's weird here um a
word for you know compadre companion
associate my friend whatever so I don't
know and I didn't really I didn't play
with it mine I didn't really care
honestly I was like yeah that's what
ever doing on that I never took that
seriously uh-huh like I don't take the I
don't take back that obviously context
here is not meant to be one of the of
dehumanizing or assault 'fl so I am
really but you know obviously here
that's that's the difference between how
I would perceive it versus like how
anybody else but if you want to give any
more context on that here you can but
like I had to at least put you on that
on that point right now because that's
the thing I'm getting chewed out for on
Twitter this time about that yeah I mean
honestly I can't even think of like a
joke like offhand but like sometimes we
just say like really edgy [ __ ] to each
other to be like [ __ ] edgy but like
that's it like I don't really know like
obviously I don't to you because I don't
think we joke around in that manner but
I mean yeah there's just some jokes I
make around some people some people they
don't I've got a couple friends that I'm
like I feel a little bit more
comfortable like making fun of like
they're Asian as' but I don't do that
around all of my Asian friends yeah you
know it really just depends on the
person of the type of relationship I
have with that person but I mean like
this is true like I literally like all
forms of humor I think know for sure and
if I can also in a moment of
transparency or to austell you know I'm
dating a white girl right now I'm gonna
expose leadership I routinely roast
white people for I usually hit her and
she says it's kind of boring now I'm
done so DM often I usually hit my
girlfriend with the whole like you know
damn this uh you know if we go to
restaurant
and like the fries aren't seasoned or
like the call me to see a most crazy or
like you know XYZ is bad it's like this
bread son toastin like hey guy let's go
again man serving me untoasted bread
y'all don't sees me on macaroni I'll
[ __ ] wack you put too much mayonnaise
why's every you know if I go to Chipotle
and I order a order like a thing and I
get like the most skimpy ass you know if
I say I want double steak on this
[ __ ] burrito bowl and y'all give
me like this I need a 1.5 X the amount
I'm like and that's why I should've had
you know my folks man y'all sitting here
doing a little little drizzle you know
give me give me the double southern
scoops man I'm hungry
you know I hit it with that every now
and again but uh sure I don't know if I
would like uh well one say again how
often do you hear your girlfriend often
do I hate her hit her
wait what zero just heard you say like
three times like I hit my girlfriend
with I'm just saying oh the cliffs it's
too late oh just let me know if his
channel goes offline guys while we're
talking so I can cut the cam cuz I don't
want to get taken out with them all
right oh my god you are you are you're
you were something else dude well I came
back you fell for that too like oh
here's can we we can court we can sort
of segue into a somewhat related topic
did you see the Oh what game was this
was for League of Legends the cosplayer
that got I guess banned and not a lot
from the event for blackface or whatever
black cosplay did you see the cosplay oh
I need the cue me please give me give me
a picture link the picture ah this is
actually really sad it oh no give me
what's what's going on here I might you
guys gonna make me look for it hold on
okay I linked in my chat a leak friend
only gonna switch to okay all right let
me see here but you can look at the like
the pictures of the costume or whatever
and then if you if you click the actual
thread title or you like you click to
see like the main thread and then you
see like pictures of the cosplay so it
actually looks like really sick I feel
like really bad for the for the
cosplayer oh it's always it the the
imager link I guess I can actually show
this once Jay hold on wait so you guys
it's gonna fire right now
what's full-screen death 11 is
transition okay so these are like wow
yeah this is a really impressive cosplay
holy [ __ ] so technically it's not I
don't know if it would count even his
black face because it's just a black
mask
but yeah the the cosplay stuff was
actually like super sick like it's
pretty clear that there's not like a
black face intent or anything behind
this but like yeah the the cosplayer I
think they said that they weren't gonna
allow her or her costume at all at the
event and it's yeah it's pretty sad I
think yeah yeah I I can agree that
actually this is uh this looks very
impressive and I don't know if I see
like a um I could be wrong around I'm
ignorant of it to the lure of the
character itself here but it doesn't
seem like ethnicity is like a defining
point of this character that's trying to
say you actually didn't even know Pike
was black am i maybe I didn't see him
enough in chat but her seeming up in the
game I don't know but but yeah that
sounds like it could be like a pirate on
like a ship that gets like has a really
dark bronze tan because they're out in
the Sun all day I don't even know yeah I
wouldn't even this doesn't even like
trigger me and like a
in the realm of like problematic
blackface in my opinion but I have to
like re further into it though but yeah
almost seen all summer sold right now
and I really see the issue here but yeah
sorry that was a small thing but he's
green and game since he's a zombie
gotcha good to know so yeah yeah wait to
me what's that again though this was a
she was trying to cosplay the League of
Legends convention or like I don't know
it was some cosplay event oh wait you're
a you're a [ __ ] plane yeah Ben got
you okay I'll have Alamos more ads who I
want to say I like I have to like read
the whole thing then to learn more about
the person or whatever but the crap that
went into it here I don't think it's
like really like a dodge or anything
like that
let's see okay so we covered that here I
have a so next we have some some other
heavy ones here for you we have have you
heard about the this actually got me
really upset here this one I get a
little bit passionate about what do you
know about the about Joshua Brown this
guy
Joshua Brown Google I don't know
anything
okay well oh wait was this the was this
the witness that got mysteriously killed
who was correct yeah yeah so as you all
know or maybe they get to me I don't
know here amber Geiger I'm saying her
name right is it Geiger last night runs
a name I've only read it but go for it
hamburger well uh yeah yeah so if you
guys did hear about this this happened I
believe last last year um amber Geiger
was a Dallas white female cop who
mistakenly went into the wrong apartment
while intoxicated right or was it or
tire my she wanted to she went to the
wrong apartment and it was you actually
went to apartment thinking it was her
own Bo's actually another gentleman who
was just eating ice cream on his couch
and she thought it was him invading her
apartment and so he shot and killed an
unarmed black man she shot and killed
yeah yeah this is a rocket you shot and
killed him
and firfer you know by mistake and then
she went to trial for it the revolution
recently is that uh that she was found
guilty but but she was convicted for 10
years in prison for it which in my
opinion seems pretty light for for that
I mean in putting I guess the value
one's life was only ten years she's kind
of crazy think so white cop killing a
black man ten years these days it's
pretty good it's better than acquitted
on all charges but not all here but yeah
it's do that's still like the neon box
yeah yeah pretty [ __ ] now but that
that's one thing and that is that is
absolutely terrible and devastating on
its own here but this is where it gets
even more like gut twisting Joshua Brown
was the next or the same hallway on
earth approximately or next hallway or
nearby neighbor who was a key eyewitness
to the test of testifying of of amber
Geiger's [ __ ] and and he was murdered
debatably execution-style when getting
out of his car near his apartment last
week he was shot in the mouth in the
chest he was shot several times and we
were there the restaurant you know the
Dallas PD was trying to find more
evidence I'm like you know who would
have done this or whatever right like
what was a motive behind this whole
thing here it was confirmed earlier this
week that it was a there were three
suspects from Louisiana who were who
were being who were being sought after
in relation to this murder right here
and this is where it gets really really
dumb now though so the Dallas PD are now
saying that he probably got shot due to
a drug deal went wrong they raided his
apartment and they found our call
correctly twelve pounds of marijuana in
his possession okay which is just like
and I hate a sad man that this sounds
like a load of [ __ ] to me here well
then they dude I'm coming hard core of
hearsay because I didn't read all the
stories but more people saying that he
didn't actually have a history of
dealing drugs yeah honestly well
whenever it becomes like a key words
testify here you feel like that if there
was like any history of drug usage or
any of that that would
came forward probably in some kind of
hit piece article anyway whenever he was
testifying uh-huh
you know oh oh can we trust him you know
he said he's a drug he's a drug-dealing
gang banger or whatever I feel like that
would have definitely came out um you
know at that point whenever he was
testifying so uh me is also and I'm
sorry okay baby I'm very privileged in
growing up who the [ __ ] drives for hours
to buy weed yeah vacuum I did I just lit
cuz I lived in the [ __ ] ass [ __ ]
Midwest and even I have never heard of
and is 2019
what the [ __ ] [ __ ] like what did they
set this up on like I'm [ __ ] eBay or
some [ __ ] I don't know it seems really
weird but maybe in some places or there
maybe because they were buying so much
but yeah I don't know yeah the suspects
from my last heard the three suspects
that were wanted were not not names were
not released as times as on what
investigation this rhetoric now about
the the drug dealing and the drug deal
gone back twelve pounds of marijuana I'm
just like I don't know to me I just
can't trust anymore because we've seen
examples direct examples of body cam
footage exposing hell yeah we have of
those [ __ ] cops see they're doling up
like fake charges don't have fake
charges or the ones where they're
literally like planting [ __ ] like in the
back seats because the dumb [ __ ] don't
realize that the cameras turn on like
before they're ready for whatever
oh yeah just yeah I had that whole thing
that yeah looks like a hundred percent
like you know just completely and the
motivation looks really transparent here
you know that this Joshua Brown what
exposed a cop for doing some stupid [ __ ]
and I don't know some people got
butthurt about it and they wanted to get
retaliation or revenge whatever you want
to call it so it just it's it's it's
sickening because you know another on
black man died completely needlessly
innocently and then his neighbor
violently gets executed he didn't even
ask to be involved here like he was you
know I I don't know the situation of how
one becomes like a key witness of the
whole thing at this point for the
testifying I'm still imagine like you
like you know
at the opportunity or maybe he did
because he wanted justice for her for
the gentleman even having him off hand
right like just we technically don't
know 100% if like this was like an
actual like police related thing like it
was possible maybe that he did get
killed because of drug-related should so
it's a little conspiratorial right now
but yeah I'll be interested to see how
that court case turns out because they
did make two arrests for the guys that
shot him right I don't know did they
last heard that they are I thought -
right I thought I read the two arrests
were made over the okay I know that
there were three suspects so I didn't
hear about arrest at this time but I
could be wrong I have and I'm looking to
it in like two days and that is like a
lot of weed like if they actually
confiscated 12 pounds of weed that's a
lot of cannabis to just plant in
someone's house although I guess I don't
know I don't know then again the that is
that is true I feel like 12 pounds
you're gonna smell that [ __ ] dude you're
gonna I can't imagine your whole like
anyone's holding 12 at an apartment
complex but maybe I'm wrong I don't know
maybe I'm maybe I'm not logistically and
then you know you know I don't know any
a big-time delisted but I just really
hope there's no way you can hide 12
pounds well I mean I may be lit up and
[ __ ] right if you if this is what you do
professionally but I suppose mean I
don't know I think if it were me I would
uh I don't know I guess you could you
could and if you could do the whole like
air-sealing thing or whatever but like
uh-huh yeah you're right you're right I
can only say so much dog getting it into
further conspiratorial things but sad
face level right now from the habits
I've seen from police and everything
else I'm just like yeah I don't know I
know I feel I feel for that right now
dude
maybe maybe honestly maybe it got me
because like I saw myself in him because
like I it's it's the picture the picture
they used was like him you know in in
the courthouse has to find while wearing
like a Dragonball Z shirt so it's just
like another like you know black anime
fan and just it hits me it's like yo
that guy that couldn't me I could have
been I could have been the innocent
neighbor of someone down the hall from
completely random store because that
happened and I'm now involved net
without wanting to be or whatever and
it's like you know that involves me yeah
I don't know just Jacob Goodman you do
yeah I'm saying could have been like
the neighbor down your hall at Europe
apartment building or whatever you know
I mean it's just like I don't know I
know that you feel like you feel like
it's just not safe anymore sometimes
here that was very very sad so we'll
keep I'll keep it on this one y'alls as
it continues to develop here but let's
see here what else we got there is um if
you want to go in to have like another
two or three topics left here but let's
see which one you want to get into first
so we have to see the the Elif in the
room here we have the the blizzard X
Hong Kong protests you kind of kind of
blurred out a little bit something here
earlier do you wanna do you already
exhausted on your own stream here you
wanna talk about it further here or like
yeah we can talk about it basically
there was a pro player that made like a
pro Hong Kong statement for the Hong
Kong protesters on a stream he had like
a little mask on and he said God I
remember the exact thing he said it was
like a calling card of like the Hong
Kong protesters like long live the
revolution or something I don't know
it's not exact that but on Blizzard
basically like retro actively took like
all of his prize money and ended up like
banning him for a year removed him from
Grandmaster from hearthstone and then
the two casters that were casting they
also got like banned I think from like
doing blizzard events so I was pretty
yeah pretty crazy I'll liberate Hong
Kong revolution of our time and that
yeah and so yeah there was a blizzard
invoked and I'm kind of like you know
consequence for doing that and then they
announced it they kind of like are
trying to shut down the sensory of the
whole thing and as everything we got
right now it's also it's also kind of
related to the the NBA too though right
then wasn't there a similar thing where
one was the owner of the Houston Rockets
I mean from Amazon here like the Omega
Pro Hong Kong protest statement
involving in the Houston Rockets and
then then should happen in the NBA kind
of like buckle down under like I guess
like not wanting to rock the boat with
China or whatever um well actually I
think let's see what would this guy's
position be Adam silver basically said
that
that the players can say what the [ __ ]
they want I think is more or less like
he released like an official statement
where I don't want to read the whole
thing but that's good enough you don't
have to yeah
but the diversity comes to believe that
whatever our differences we respect and
value each other and what we have in
common including a belief in the power
sports make a difference means our
bedrock principle it's inevitable of
people around the world while different
viewpoints over different issues it's
not the role of the NBA to educate these
differences so assuming that they
actually stick to that I think it was a
really cool steamer for the NBA
ok well let's bring it back here then
again so the UM the UH
she wouldn't say about about blizzard
here so do you feel do you feel it was
right what they did though like the
whole like they they they take away his
prize money ban for a year and the two
broadcasters who were there who didn't
even do anything directly to the one
player who did the support of the
protest wait what do you say that was oh
because Blizzard Blizzard like [ __ ] to
do a [ __ ] everyone over there and oh
yeah bless it went real hard but
Blizzard my guess is that Blizzard is
probably trying to be like ultra
protective of their Chinese markets they
probably don't want to like risk like
anything over there and they've got like
a pretty explicit policy about like you
can't like use like a blizzard platform
to do like political speech and whatnot
so I mean like I kind of I can kind of
see blizzards point like you probably
want people making like political
statements like on your stream you don't
want somebody getting up and being like
Trump 2020 or war in 2020 or whatever
like on your actual like official stream
is probably not a good look for them so
yeah when you frame it that way that
that's a that's a pretty fair point yeah
like it's if the player did this in his
own time at Blizzard was taking these
actions I'd be a lot less sympathetic
towards Blizzard but I mean like damn
like if this is your own official like
Tournament [ __ ] stream and [ __ ] and a
guy like gets up with like a mask and
[ __ ] and he's like making these kinds of
statements like that's a pretty rough
spot to put you in as a tournament
organize everything yeah no I hate you
on that one
dang yeah when you weren't that way I
guess maybe because like the I only
thought that like the clip and it didn't
look like it was like of like like a top
tier like I just like some kind of like
like
League riot Stadium thing everybody
keeps saying what about the casters but
my understandings that the casters
basically told the guide to say it like
that the casters like knew what the guy
was gonna say and he basically the cast
she's basically like encouraged I'm like
yeah go for it or whatever that's my
understanding of what happened I don't
know if that's if people disagree that
characterization but okay sorry not that
not yet but Hong Kong thing okay so I
good
no no you're right I mean ultimately its
Activision Blizzard's or a private
company can do whatever they want
not being impeded by the government so
it's not so it's not like really really
this internship right it's just like you
know their own private policy and
everything else
uh-huh I don't know it's still kind of
like mmm I guess where do you see going
from here now and now that all this
happened freaking out and everything
else and there's been I think Universal
negative backlash at least from like the
Western audience of a blizzard here
where people were essentially like
perceiving it as like you know Blizzard
choosing Chinese money over democracy or
over human rights okay so like you can
make like a statement over like whether
or not like people should be allowed to
like protest or do whatever but like I'm
sorry because I see like a lot of like
children in chat that are like very
upset over everything that's happened so
like protesting on like an official
stream where like you were there and you
have the microphone and it's in front of
you and all the attention is on you like
I'm pretty sure and you'll no one will
ever admit this but all the people right
now that I really met this guy's gotten
fired if somebody were to get up and
were to say like you know like I want to
show solidarity with my brothers at
Charlottesville or I want to say like
you know go Trump 2020 like build the
wall like if people were saying that and
Blizzard were to find these people or do
something to them I'm pretty sure you
guys would be 100% okay with Blizzard
doing that right like you guys would be
celebrating like yeah [ __ ] that Trump
will like [ __ ] that deal I get that guy
to here the reality is is that when
you're like on an official tournament
stream people want this [ __ ] as
milquetoast as possible okay people do
not want like political messages and
whatnot being done like unofficial or
like an unofficial streams a [ __ ] like
this like that's that's just like that's
like a reality that is probably never
going to change like people don't want
you to like get on top of they're like
official stream to start making
political statements or political
message
like yeah alright Simone Lee
the only problem there though is like
okay not have to have to revisit a past
thing now it's the whole Kaepernick
thing Kaepernick kneeling at the NFL
games yeah so like the difference
between that is that um is it like I
don't think Kaepernick like had like the
like the mic and was like watch me kneel
like as I have your undivided attention
like if you're doing something in the
background like if this guy for instance
more like a free Hong Kong like cap or
something I would think it would be a
little differently and he's in the
background like a Kapernick would
literally go on the mic and start saying
like all like BLM blah blah blah blah
blah that might be a little bit
different
also the NFL might be able to negotiate
these things because they have stronger
player unions so like maybe they would
actually be able to get this type of
speech allowed I don't think the NFL
would like it but a union will be able
to negotiate for it but like as it
stands right now for Blizzard the
company like none of the teams to try to
negotiate this stuff there is no player
union that negotiates this stuff so yeah
okay that's a fair point I was making
sure I was consisting here because I do
feel that Kaepernick should be able to I
feel like that at some point here it's
like you know where do I protest that if
I don't have if I can't use this Avenue
to do so in a you know nonviolent way
uh-huh sure you know in fact actually if
I could just give a brief context on
that to here initially Kaepernick
actually sat down during the anthem it
was actually a military vet who told him
that it would be better if he kneeled
yeah would be more respect for whatever
yeah yeah yeah so he was like okay well
I'll do that instead then uh-huh so it's
when they bring a little more to that if
it was I could okay I think the advice
that I gave before is if you want
players to be able to make like
political statements or political
messages like this and I get punished
your best Avenue would be to boycott
sponsors of teams or to or to email
sponsors of teams because teams are
gonna be the most effective people that
can negotiate for allowing players to
make political statements on these
stages do talking about like emailing
people like CLG or TSM these are the
guys that are involved in like a lot of
the contract negotiations between
players and the orgs themselves an
individual player is never going to be
able to get this type of like thing like
changed but a Jesus Christ that was so
incredibly [ __ ] stupid sorry Andy
a player is never gonna be able to
negotiate like these rights on his own
but like a team usually has like more
leverage and it's involved a lot more no
those negotiations they have like
lawyers and stuff as well so gosh you
got you well okay so just a so one more
thing okay so if we can so if you agree
that Kaepernick is cool because it was
like not like in your in your face or
profile whatever let's uh but that you
know that endorsing any kind of
political statement via microphone some
kind of direct attention on not your
platform is would be considered
problematic by the parent holder of said
platform well even though even
Kaepernick like kneeling for the NFL
might have been considered like
problematic for the NFL like maybe they
have the rights to like fire him or not
fire him for that like I'm not sure I
mean like I support like the Hong
Kongers I support you know Kaepernick
kneeling for BLM obviously these are two
causes that I like massively support but
I mean like it's also as a private
company like you have a right whether or
not you want to stand up for these
people you know to do these things on
your platform right you're paying all
the platform and everything I tend to
lean more towards the end that like this
is like one of the best places you have
to make like a political statement like
if you want to you should probably be
able to hopefully maybe this to some
extent I think maybe not like literally
like grabbing a mic and saying in to it
but like wearing gear wearing sluggers
or something I don't know maybe
something like that but like yeah the
the the blow back to the Kaepernick
stuff though people keep bringing it up
the big problem with the Kaepernick
stuff wasn't whether or not the NFL
would fire him or whatever though it was
that Donald Trump came out and said the
NFL should fire I'm like and that's a
hugely different thing than just the NFL
doing it like I may or may not support
the NFL taking action against Kaepernick
for protesting on their on their live
broadcast or whatever but I absolutely
don't support Donald Trump trying to
intervene or the president trying to say
what a private company should or
shouldn't do in regards to political
speech those are two very different
issues okay well would you would you
consider the the the Hong Kong protest
to be a humanitarian issue
we're like in similar sincere like we're
strong they're trying to like buildable
democracy and try to like essentially
like say people or whatever
already fine it's like not equal to like
I mean I think anyone probably pretty
good I mean like I think China is
horrible like I think China is today I
think it's really sad because we people
usually asks them
a lot of people fantasize like if I was
in a situation where there's a shooter
in a mall or somebody kidnap my kid like
I would rise up and I would do this
thing and blah blah blah you know and
you know in World War two a lot of
people don't know this but we didn't
know about the Holocaust as much and
when we kind of like walked through
Germany you know a lot of it was like
pretty shocking when we discovered like
what the [ __ ] is going on here like
there is a lot of like crazy [ __ ] that
went down in terms of like discovering
like oh that's going on well the BLA how
does the world feel about this you know
should we intervene sooner and you know
a lot of people say like hey you know
the Holocaust happens again we're gonna
stop it like the u.s. the the rest of
the world is gonna step in and do [ __ ]
about it and it's probably happening
right now with the weekers in China
we're probably seeing like a like a
Holocaust right now in China with the
Muslim group that are literally having
their organs harvested and are being
abducted from their homes to have other
kids re-educated and [ __ ] so pretty much
anybody that stands up to China right
now whether it's for independence or any
other kind of pressure I'm probably
going to be supportive of those people
Hongkongers included so yeah that's
where I stand on that like yeah I
support their right to protest and their
right to be you know as free people I
guess as they can be given the kind of
weird regulations they live under but
right I also want to bring to light here
that the so what agenda like I sure the
vague the vague answer to what agenda
would Blizzard Activision have an
interest to keep China happy like the
worst of trying well yeah they want
access to China's markets right right
but they also have a it was also um they
have a holder on their stocks right it's
a thoughtless or name dude 10 cent or
tensional 10 cent is like a huge huge
huge Chinese I think investment company
or something they have a big yeah they
have like I think it's like 5% held and
um oh that's not even a own 40% of epic
games they own I think they have
controlling shares where they might be
complete owners of Riot Games like yeah
well what we know about them because I
feel like that's like the is there more
we can dig into are on on if you don't
know anything it's not a big deal you
did know anything about them what about
it no I mean it's I don't know I [ __ ]
do do they have any like what why are
they so there are they like a big like
mobile game developer they just like a
huge investment firm in China and
they're trying get their hands into
everything it's just like a big I don't
think they themselves develop or create
anything they just buy up companies and
stuff so like they own like I think they
don't like 80% of the people that may
like
of excellent [ __ ] I think they might own
like some mobile game developing studios
but their just say it's like I think
it's just like a big investment thing
what well you know well you don't like
China uh-huh he doesn't amen go tackle
go attack him you can't get me once
again
my dog is almost 8 years old this this
lazy [ __ ] didn't doesn't want to I
opened the door doesn't want to get up
doesn't want to get to you the threat is
just like real quick let them yeah oh
yeah oh yeah just for people that don't
understand if you see people that are
attacking the Hongkongers and supporting
China and it's really confusing to you
there's a term for a type of leftist
called a tanky so these are people that
support like like authoritarian
socialist regimes or whatever so people
that have supported like the Soviet
Union for instance these types of people
will usually attack the Hongkongers and
support the Chinese Communist Party
because they view the Hong Kongers as
being influenced by the imperialist West
as trying to overthrow like or challenge
China's sovereignty so have you ever
confused like wow why are some people
attacking with the Hong Kongers it's
probably like a radical leftist that is
opposing anything connected to any type
of capitalist or Western country which
some people view Hong Kong as as being
connected to the West and then they will
support like any regimes that stand in
opposition to that if you if you're ever
confused by that sorry because I see
I've got I think I've got a few tanki's
on my twitch chat that are like raging
at the Hong Kong protesting gacha gacha
okay um
chef fabulous now though um okay so we
covered all of that I think I think
that's like well that's the other thing
here all right so the last thing the
resolve here is that so the the reaction
online is universally negative towards
blizzard and Activision because the
perception generally is that they're
they're choosing Chinese money over
human rights yeah what do you think will
be the the next the next thing from here
like going in to Blizzcon do you think
they're gonna there's gonna be some
long-standing boycotting going on or
it's just gonna be like the flavor of
the week
kind of thing um people forget about
this in two weeks tops
maybe probably one week whatever the
next news cycle is people forget about
it Blizzard ones do [ __ ] then I can
always access to the Chinese markets
Blizzard Blizzard might roll back maybe
and give him some of his older prize
money to make it seem like they're
making a concession but they could
probably just not do that and it won't
matter at all like everybody will forget
about it are we good - mmm it may this
because like there's like they're just
too big to fail or it's like there's
nothing forget overshoot because people
give a [ __ ] about this people don't even
give a [ __ ] about the Hong Kong Aires
they're not gonna give a [ __ ] about a
random player that gets banned from our
hearts don't turn them in or whatever
like people forget this [ __ ] immediately
like it's just like the nature of like
the online like news cycle and then how
people are like very quick to go from
like one news event to the next like
nobody really cares about any of this I
don't think okay maybe a Blizzcon maybe
a couple people will like hold up some
signs or whatever and then like a couple
big reddit threads will get posted well
people will come out and talk about how
mad they are and then they'll go back
buying more hearthstone packs they'll
continue to renew their subscriptions to
World of Warcraft they'll buy whatever
the next blows your game is they'll buy
some more
overwatch boxes whatever the [ __ ]
there Kim business I'll carry on as
usual yeah III do admit I it would been
it would be kind of cool to see this
like be one of those like longer
standing UCC like the the I don't call
the outrage mob but like the progressive
woke gaming advocacies like try to
actually like stick to it but I'm right
there with you Mike I I have doubts that
the while subscription-based is actually
gonna like truly abandon right now when
they're probably having the nirvana of
their lives of Wow classic out one - you
know with Activision Blizzard being you
know those two conglomerates combined
together now whenever modern warfare
it's when my team comes out how many
people are gonna still apply it still
play and consume modern warfare a
fuckload and my other last resolve here
is I think we will see quite a few
winnie-the-pooh cosplays at Blizzcon
that's my one one thing else probably
see it say there but they might ban him
though now what would that okay so let's
say they ban them that will that will
that result and people get mad for a
little bit again but I could say that
saying no winnie-the-pooh because it's
not like a blizzard character so I'm
sure yeah yeah
yeah okay I guess we'll see where that
goes and saying they've already been
those cosplays I don't know if that's
turnout but someone who stuff that I
chat it's already banned damn many
people are trying to like apparently
people are trying to turn me into like a
Hong Kong symbol or whatever to get it
banned from overwatch in China that
would be pretty funny if they were able
to do that damn okay I guess we'll see
that also just for minor context which
probably clarify the reason why people
would cosplays wanted to poo is because
it would be in protest to I would steam
again I forget his name um I probably I
say it wrong here but the [ __ ] I forgot
what the positions called here what is
this like whole thing the the highest
position politically don't say Emperor
but like is it essentially emperor in
China the Chinese government yeah his
name's easy Jinping I think it's
pronounced XI but I think they call him
president dictators when here here yeah
well there's kind of a dictator whether
the party it's a single party role but i
think i think it's called president am I
wrong is it General Secretary General
Secretary of the Communist Party of
China president of the People's Republic
of China and chairman of the Central
Military Commission yeah and so the so
there's him and I think he was mocked
for looking like Winnie the Pooh at some
point so he just like outright ban the
character in the entire country
uh-huh or something on those lines here
so he kind of admitted he's kind of a
snowflake and let let that get to him so
now everyone just like continually mocks
him by you know you know ain't I mean
come on troll him or mention him you
just usually use pictures of the Pooh
and him side by side so cosplaying we
the Pooh is essentially piss off him
which would piss off anyone anyone who's
in opposition of the Hong Kong protest
yeah so I'm looking this stuff up it's
kind of don't have all these examples of
Han people early getting really mad at
Blizzard but like Hollywood has been
making concessions for quite a while to
China like they like the way that we
make movies in America is like nary
much with Chinese markets in mind
because people want to get people want
to start making box office sales over in
China like it's it's pretty big now it's
getting pretty big yeah
Oh actually we we had touched on this
briefly like at some point last year I
was telling you about that where China
only allows a certain amount of out of
market movies to enter their their
domestic theatrical market and when they
do have to have to include a certain
percentage of Chinese actors release I
think yeah or Chinese locales or
whatever so like I don't have like
citation on the examples here or what
the rules exactly were but like
generally this is like I would speculate
this is why what was the most recent one
here I want to say was a black panther
whenever they like they randomly went to
Hong Kong for like one scene for this
one thing and then they came back to
what Conda the rest of movie after they
did do that in the black panther yeah
yeah yeah so I think that was like an
example right there but uh I had to look
further into it though but this is like
a pretty common thing now like China I
mean look at what look at the world
warcraft movie got created by China look
at transformers like you know three four
and five carried by China you know you
when you the reason why you're seeing
well that was at Korea not Hong Kong
come on
I [ __ ] up there it was Korea i pc
please hit me up here I'm sorry yeah
that's why I say I had no citation man I
am NOT responsible I openly admitted I
couldn't recall offhand I'm sorry go I'm
racist right there was that racism yeah
see you later bud I'm canceled again
dude [ __ ] okay well yeah I actually will
have to Google this one to look further
into it that way can like come back with
some some some juicy citation next time
to talk about the facts not just I'll
give you some some roundabout or
recalling here let's move on though the
we know honestly you know what yellow
black panther i thought the final fight
was kind of wack anyway and really and
really feel for that final fight so if
y'all fella goes to rewatch cool for
y'all on the trainer whatever where when
they really around
yeah those that do they had some bad CGI
in my opinion like the it was a I
remember it not being up not being
particularly memorable uh-huh I remember
feeling more for whenever the spoilers
whenever the father like died and he had
like he had you know T child I had like
the revelation that I felt more forward
in the whole final fight and I knew the
fight was gonna like you know resolved
he was gonna win or whatever because
it's marble and you got to move on
but yeah the final fight was a snores
but snoresville for me
damn did you this is a huge one eighty
or ninety degrees off shoot did you ever
see us and get out did you see both of
those movies yes
did we talk about us we did I think I
think we did I think we get out I
thought what is amazing yeah yeah I was
almost perfect us had a lot of [ __ ]
problems right I think we targets right
get out I love us I had us we both
didn't get it I think that's what we
conclude here like it was like really
weird and a lot of it was just like I
know it trying to be like too smart or
something maybe I'm just too dumb so uh
okay so we covered all that topics here
I have a have one I have two more here
one personal and then one's kind of like
light when I go off this light this
light topic here for you so I have this
tweet here let me see here about it that
kind of like copy/paste [ __ ] real quick
um that kind of quantifies the growth of
just chatting here maybe you find it's
pretty interesting so this guy here said
the story of live-streaming for 2020
we've got the growth of just chatting
category like we're just like in my DG g
chat i get I'll put in your discord okay
I can't click discarding okay here you
go
yeah what you think okay yeah so it's a
twitch top content by hours watched I
guess not by like you know what has the
most viewers in the directory but by
hours watched and it seems to be just
chatting is the is the the top dog right
now so the uh is this back cuz this one
I like intro
that UI that's quantifying looks
familiar Arnold oh no that's twinge or
if that's uh there's looking now there's
like there's like a couple sites now I
was like twin just like twitch metrics
calm and I think even like stream
elements quantifies directories to now
but uh you tell me even with like the
worlds and stuff with all the big league
tournaments and everything that's going
on there's that's the just chatting
still manages to outstrip it well keep
in mind here it's hours watched not
total viewers yeah but total barriers
will contribute to hours watched right
if a hundred thousand people watch one
hour of content that's gonna be a 100
thousand hours right hmm I guess I guess
so I was more thing I perceived hours
watch was like diamond the average
viewer as more as opposed to you know if
the hundred thousand people are watching
for one hour but comparatively you know
seventy thousand people were watching
for five hours that's more hours watch
totals and not yeah would be for sure
but I don't know might but like the
league numbers I thought were so extreme
but I don't know that's crazy if this is
true him
people are saying worlds didn't start
yet okay so the either way though I mean
I think I think it's like no under sale
here that's just chatting is like a
monster powerhouse directory now I don't
know is like that and say no that's
crazy
and and I'm wondering here like is the
meta changing now you know it's like oh
nevermind stupid I'm an idiot
this chart is [ __ ] dumbest [ __ ] okay
this is only for September thirtieth to
October 6 this is only for the twitchcon
week I thought it was up to October 6th
this is this is a worthless data this
makes more sense yeah because I'm pretty
sure the gaming content is still like
King on Twitch like far outstrips the
other categories to my understanding oh
yeah so that yeah this is this is
literally like just during basically the
the twitchcon run-up and everything so
you know even though even the board or
the week after whatever
I think dude is there is there some
value to analyzing the the data of like
a you know a huge
exceptional weekend like twitchcon
whenever like you know
pretty much 80% of the top one percent
are not broadcasting actively is their
value or yeah I guess like everything we
can we can derive from this whole thing
here seeing that the in the absence of
like majority of the top 1% of twitch or
maybe not I guess I thought maybe it
would be maybe ok hold on can I get hold
on I'm actually I want to know what the
[ __ ] actually is okay let's check slowly
no one second um give me one sec wait
were you looking at it's a website
called Sully gnome hey guy link okay so
if we check over the most watched let's
check over the past year so the past 365
days okay this is more what I would be
familiar with just chatting is still
really impressive but like so rank one
is fortnight at about 1.2 billion hours
rank two is League with about 1.1
billion hours and then just chatting
comes in at third with 680 million hours
we are you doing I'm doing you're doing
like over the past 365 days okay okay
gotcha okay if I look over the past 90
days its first place is League followed
by fortnight then World of Warcraft and
then just chatting mm-hmm and then past
180 days has just chatting at rank four
as well with GTA 5 being third place but
yeah over the past year like yeah just
chatting as a comfortable third or are
pretty distant third I guess I should
say behind Leegin fortnight yeah we
either way the thing I would even even
though it's not you know the dominant
one it's it's a consistent high placing
still tells me a lot about like it isn't
oh yeah nothing surprising about but
people people love to engage in things
with the broadcaster I guess and I think
there's like not really a better example
of that than like probably the
Democratic debates I imagine I can't
think of a particular thing I do right
now that doesn't draw in more raw
external viewers than that like people
who wouldn't otherwise watch like would
people watch with certain twitch viewers
watch the Democratic debates probably
not
but would they watch if they're watching
it with me with my live commentary
action probably maybe so look how many
new fans were picked up from a Kitchen
Nightmares around
I'm sure trainwrecks has gotten more
viewers over there to watch stuff that
they wouldn't normally watch right yeah
it's a good time I'm not gonna last yeah
I did dab a little bit into that
yesterday I am I had some food ready
Rhys I went live and I'm like man do I
sit here and like chew and talk my mouth
open and [ __ ] and smash his burger down
and do I just like you know I'm saying
put on some some trash TV and just enjoy
the enjoy the good time of the chat so I
had to hit a did hit a little 1313
minute segment of a Kitchen Nightmares
actually yesterday it's good stuff man
it's really easy to react to as a waiter
you know for me and you both do it me
honestly it's like I'm sure have you
done before have you ever like done
heaps nightmares reactions on screen
before um not on stream I it is funny
watching a bunch of people that have
never lined cooked in their entire lives
tried to do line cooking though I feel
kind of bad for them but yeah yeah it's
funny yeah I just I don't know like I
I'm able to like easily make it like a
cannon took central because like I can I
can tell you about you know the fuck-boy
managers I had who were total softballs
it wouldn't have the authority to
actually challenge the you know the
lower standards done by these cooks or
whatever or the oblivious waiter or you
know all the tropes I could think of
from being in the restaurant business I
could have to see all of it on play yeah
even if it is partially scripted in
Germanic dramatis eyes for the for you
know whatever for American audiences you
know K Kona um I can still like you know
see through all that anyway which is
like a a good time okay yeah that's
nothing new right there and then
so I'm actually out of like all the all
the topic topics the only other one is
the one that uh we don't have to do it
now if you want to I know you're kind of
we're kind of at a time now though but
we can save for next week if you want
what was the final one Oh open versus
closed relationships and and all that
stuff that's actually a really
interesting topic I think we can lead
into that one for next time okay Oh
clickbait I'm okay you know have you
seen uh did you see the Joker movie oh I
don't even think about that yes because
talking about that couldn't we we can
talk about that next time
so that more people have had a chance to
see it so we can go for spoiler or
whatever actually I'm asking me some
homework though okay
so I did see it I have some thoughts on
it but everyone every like critical
review I'm reading now that I've washed
it afterward it's saying that it does it
is inspired heavily by the 1976 film and
I 273 attack the taxi driver right oh
I've heard that a lot yeah yeah and so
I'm like well what if I so I'm gonna
make it my agenda till - why just
weekend yeah actually it's free on its
action efflux right now taxi driver
someone will watch it and then and then
I'm like super equipped to go super ham
on like separating wet it was inspired
by text driver what was like a visual
plan from that movie and separate what
inspiration was what's original and all
the other good [ __ ] here like I can go
like full ham I can go five head on a
joker analysis essentially uh-huh so uh
yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna do it
my boys we can have a little like little
trikes family movie night on my discord
and or watch a driver and then I'll be
I'll be ready to go in hard this next
week okay the one thing I do want to say
about it though is that uh just to
quantify how crazy it is
Joker the movie made 93 million in box
office opening weekend which is insane
that that's like a that's a ridiculous
record for October and that shattered
the previous record if I recall
correctly which was held by venom last
year which made 18 80 million how so
that's a that's crazy
that's that's um that's um bonkers
numbers right there I'm actually really
excited for more like rated R movies of
these types to be like popular yeah I
agree cuz like you're not wrong there
the R rating definitely uh not to like
oversimplify to like you now it's a
juice now it's good but like it's not
even like this movie was like especially
like grotesque or gory but it's just
like having that R rating just gives you
a little bit more flexibility there I
like that I think it's good yeah
yeah I agree that too actually yeah yeah
and then we got really great movies even
if you don't like movies like like this
joke or one might be too edgy or you
think Deadpool is like whatever at least
you get movies like the oh [ __ ] what was
name of the Wolverine movie uh Logan
Logan yeah you get movies like Logan out
of it
actually you know what I actually didn't
want to sound like too much of a shill
here I was gonna be like you talk about
Logan cuz uh-huh
for me Logan is so good that I actually
am oh I am okay with the existence of
Wolverine Origins and all the other
trash ass x-men films over the uh-huh
you know apocalypse and all that all
those can exist now because Logan
happened so kind of all to me bounces
out sure yeah I mean Logan I don't think
we have Logan without Deadpool I don't
think like a Deadpool wouldn't have like
pave the way for like rated our hero
comedy whatever movies to even be even
consider it
III want to say that the studio felt
like they could do Logan is rated or
after Deadpool I think I feel like I
read that but I might be making that up
but but it's good cool cool
well yes yeah yeah next week look
forward to an open dialogue about the
the meta of relationships talking about
open versus closed ones with with me
with me Andy here yeah
we'll go a deep dive into Joker a little
bit late so hopefully I will see you by
then so we can finally like uh we'll do
that as well too ran out of time today
and [ __ ] yeah this was a we were already
out of time is already been two hours
goddamn yeah well thanks a lot guys it's
been fun we'll catch you next episode
peace out peace out
[Music]
