hello one more time Lily this is go
ahead Lily we're ready
Lily introduce us well I'm clay saved us
know what is quite we supposed to be
talking about our hey sorry I was no
there is anyone remember where we were
last week I do I remember we were there
we did we roll a new character yet for
mr. muunour we haven't seen that one
right over holding off we're on the
talent Island three amazing right and
more specifically uh I'm inside Barbara
not captain Bravo captain whatever you
were crawling around to find some [ __ ]
and then your Yeti tipped off some big s
birds and Yeti blue yeah take a look at
where we are here captain Barbeau and
his Yeti blue have a well they've made
it to the rock nest and the Yeti has
bum-rushed
rocks because it's a wild murderous
Beast so I think we're just gonna hop in
with an initiative order yes we order
rolled that last time I don't believe me
then yeah all right so everybody roll
for it wait really
yeah I mean unless you want to shoot the
[ __ ] for a little while I kind of did
yeah but um okay well then let's not
fight
no no wait well hold on just just so we
everybody okay fine how are you guys
doing real quick yeah I'm doing great
man Stephen leicht how's your life going
my life's going great man how are you
doing Lily I'm doing great Steven thanks
for asking anyone else
my son's about to die not doing too well
okay up to reroll please
which son did you take miss him it was
mine
blue well okay cuz I like Chad yeah you
would
alright are we ready to get into it now
Devon yeah I think that's good enough I
think I'm satisfied thanks a lot now to
be clear just so we understand the scale
of what we're looking at if I were to
jump off of this little ledge next to me
this actually represents like hundreds
and hundreds of feet to the ground
yes that is correct okay so like so I'm
not like actually trying to so I yeah
yeah so that would he walked across like
here yeah okay that represents like
falling off of that or failing a check
there you can be reasonably confident
that you'll die if you fail that check
right correct okay uh you know maybe I
might give you a checks like catch
yourself before you fall there might be
two checks involved okay I saved from
our little major but currently okay so
my Yeti is that stuff I am however they
don't see me right I rolled a twenty
nine Hill the Rope between you and your
Yeti shams taught and then you get
pulled in yeah yeah am I able to like
cut that like immediately as like a
reaction when I see the desert yeah you
have an initiative it does I'm going to
can you put my all into yes yes I came
three initiative like that so with the
rock hatchlings have seen the Yeti yet
since he hasn't like yes I think we
ended the enemy okay Devon may I proceed
yeah wait clever yeah are you doing well
man I am thank you yeah it's a wait
some new maps for this you learn some
new map making techniques so I'm pretty
excited and I got some pizza bribes from
the players to try and keep their the
critters alive that was or do you pizza
yeah he tried to bribe me I think I
might try it I think it was roaring oh I
mean I don't mind the bribe attempts I
don't know if they're gonna work or not
but like keep up the attempt yes yeah
they see respects they attempt oh yeah
it's nice up cringing I can't help but
cringe hard all right Devon all right
we're good
you sure I'm pretty sure I think
everybody's good all right it looks like
everyone's ruled initiative Gerald
you're the first one up I'm gonna get
close to the wedge so I can get in Rick
in range in case Barbeau jumps off so
I'm gonna do this here and I'm not gonna
get like close enough to like have to
force a check okay right yeah it but I'm
gonna get close enough that I can keep
if barble has to jump off that I can
take it's catching with a levitate sweet
what range is levitate to cast it it's a
good question I think it's 60 feet let
me see sixty feet should be about sixty
that's why that's why I moved up yeah if
he jumps off this way you can catch him
with your spell but if it goes that way
yeah see ya good to know okay are you
ready
the spell as in like to cast it right
away
or are you going to like just sit there
and then if he jumps hope that you can
beat him an initiative before it follows
the hundreds of feet to his death
okay so will catch me up on the
situation there's three baby rocks there
right if I this is kind of a weird I've
never encountered this before in D&D so
like if if he if I'm like ready to cast
the spell then and he falls and I go
does that's what I guess that would be
qualified as ready to spell so if I
don't ready a spell that
but that burns a spell slot if I don't
use it right right right
so you're about but and what did I say
before I think if I said five hundred
feet up something like that
well readying the spell shouldn't use a
spell slide does wait what really yeah
it's dumb it's really bad you basically
cast the spell but hold the final action
on it it's that way you can cast it
instantly and then that whole process of
doing everything but the last moment of
it it effectively spell salon okay yeah
but it's either that or Barbeau is
probably gonna die if something goes
real wrong here so yeah I have to do
that alright so you're gonna sit with
the readied spell I'll sit with ready
levitate bargaining barb oh yeah sure
and I think because you're reading it
you should probably be able to change
the target of the ready reason you can
easily yeah okay cool all right lock it
is your turn
captain Barbeau be safe I don't know
stay here and ready a dodge Midori you
can do it captain barbels alright the
first of the three rock hatchlings comes
and it goes straight for the bird I'm
gonna give Lily vision of Captain
Barbossa and a stream can see the battle
too because I don't think they can see
it right now
[Music]
okay Lily you should be able to see the
rocks nest now yeah yeah yeah they're
giant birds so the first one comes up
with it's a multi attack and starts with
a loud ear-splitting screech all non
rocks within 15 feet of rock must pass a
DC 12 Constitution saving throat or be
deafened for one minute so that is view
captain barb oh and you were Yeti give
me a D 20 plus 3 for your yetis save
[Music]
your Yeti passes and you passed you're
good and then the rock goes to scratch
your Yeti with a 15-2 hit and 5 damage
at 10 out of 15 my son yeah the next
rock is gonna come over here pop over
the ledge a little bit and take a Peck
action and peck in a scratch at the Yeti
so first but the scratch is a wild miss
the claws come up and they come down
digging deeply into the dirt sending a
little bits of hay everywhere and then
the beak comes in which is a hit on your
Yeti buddy who drops to exactly 0 HP
unconscious and bleeding on the ground
the other rock comes over here and
starts pecking about squawking that's I
can't reach you four votes your turn is
a perception check is that like up
something I have to see like an action
or something can I look like quickly and
see if I see the help like the crown
that we're looking for do I see anything
yes I need me a quick perception check
across the area go for it yeah you know
what from your position you can see all
sorts of bodies like stacked in the back
of this cave somewhere and with it there
are bits of metal there's bits of hide
and leather there's bags
this one ain't here with the 25 did I
see a crown like object there's no crown
in the open
and you'll have x-ray vision but there
is stuff here where it could be in and
amongst easily okay I am going to if I
attempt to stealth is my last stealth
still going or when did you last rule a
stealth check it was like immediately as
I got here and he and as far as I know
the rocks agroed the Yeti not
necessarily noticing Barbeau is that
correct yeah I believe this is all
correct so the rocks haven't even looked
at you yet I mean they've been fighting
this Yeti right now your current stealth
check is still in effect which is a 21
it looks like is there a lot of places
like as I looked around is there like a
good amount of stuff to like hide in
that I think that I could reasonably
dislike brush bristled brush and stuff
okay yeah this is like a nest so you
could 510 feet like pretty up to okay I
guess I'm going to attempt to go in to
the brush a little bit and stay as
hidden as I can alright so you're gonna
move try and move past these giant birds
that are like you know yeah I mean I met
a over the log and into the brush I
think that they're probably looking at
the Yeti they're probably eating it now
I had a like a 26 I think oh my or 20 on
my last stuff it's pretty good though
I'm gonna try to do it alright do it go
for it uh show me where you move um okay
I'm going to try and like jump is there
is it like space in between this log it
looks like there is just a little bit
yeah okay can I like crawl in between
there and then just like over the brush
mm-hmm yeah I'm gonna attempt to do that
and I'll go like 30 feet to there yeah
yeah you move your way into the brush
underneath of it you can hear the rocks
above you moving around pecking and
scratching and screeching I said cut my
rope okay I mean he's going for the roof
yeah give me a death saving throw for
blue it's a 1 d 20 you want a 10 or
higher one second sorry this / for a 1d
21 that is a pass all right
and the Owls turn for Gerald goes gives
it on it's not on the map oh yes it is
okay can I control it guys I'm just
gonna have it come over here and wait
would this be something that a rock
would eat an owl yeah I mean and I was
usually a predator animal but it is much
smaller than a rock hatchling I'll keep
it on the wedged nothing that's it okay
it's your turn Gerald just keep my spell
ready for him that's all yeah walk over
to the rock hatchling [ __ ] what the [ __ ]
kind of check do I have to pass you're
going to need an athletics or acrobatics
check to get across here now you're not
trying to do it without making any noise
right your so that's like a needs a 5 or
higher and so you need like a 10 you
need a 10 do you have an inspiration you
can use in this certain death situation
I feel inspired so I don't need an
inspiration Gerald is readying a spell
talk to me about the spell that Gerald
has ready are you ready to cast levitate
on someone falling are you ready to cast
levitate on only captain Barbara few
Falls if I cast the spell to save your
life I can't save his life I'm just in
terms of mechanically speaking say I
would have fall would his cast be able
to catch me or if I want to yeah but I'm
trying to say we can't speed over around
Locke it's a very big bird I don't think
we should fight Midori what should we do
should we help Captain Bob oh I feel bad
leaving him out there you know and he
has
sun-ok hi flash Midori a real cool look
like that real cool look somebody does
before they walk off into either a
certain death or some really cool [ __ ]
my max move is sixty right now or is it
fifty are you encumbered I think I want
to Sam encumbered anymore you can just
drop your backpack no wait you can't
because yeah your backpack has your
torch in your tinder box and I think
with those gone it would bring you below
weight okay I will drop my backpack then
and then I get my max move is sixty then
correct lock yes discretion your
dexterity is only 11 you can use I can
do its acrobatics so this is where I
would move on my 60 move correct yeah
that looks like it okay robotics your
choice all right I'm here alright you
make it to the rocks that is the end of
your turn Midori if I don't pass this
the way a fall to my death
let's leave the death part out of it you
fall and then we'll see what happens as
you fall there might be a trample down
there I I can't leave them out you know
I have to follow my friends I can i
first cast resistance on myself and then
or yes yes but you'll only be able to
move halfway across we'll have to move
the next half to separate checks
nope it's one check to get across but
you can split up your movement over two
rounds if you'd like weight as
resistance gonna do anything no it's one
saving throw of my choice should I need
it you know in case I don't know
oh gosh you know you guys are doing I'm
sure you guys I need to stay here and
take care of Chad okay I'll stay with
Gerald so you're leaving locking leave
Gerald thiam's oh my god you know the
rock just comes back we can handle this
Midori don't worry are you sure no I'm
gonna brave that's what a brave person
would say you know no no no I'm going to
follow them I have grown attached to my
party members I don't want to see them
die like your freestyle cast resistance
on myself just in case all right and
then it's an athletics or acrobatics you
said yeah yeah I'm just gonna move you
I'll make you make the check on the
second half of your movement so you'll
get halfway across and then you make the
check next round sure cool all right you
get about half way all right
the rock goes now seize lock come around
the corner dressed as plate mail
reflecting the light and we know birds
love shiny things and so the rock you
know leaves the the Yeti at its feet
pops up onto this log and comes a little
bit closer to to lock kind of bobbing
kind of weave in looking at him and it
lets out a super loud screech in your
face just kind of like give me a sari
for your buns give me a DC 12
Constitution saving throw
or be deafened for one minute to lock
right to lock yeah you are outside of
the range deafened just means you can't
cast spells or you can't hear and
anything that comes from that I don't
need to hear to kill these birds
what saving throw am I making say
Constitution who you are deafened you
can repeat the saving throughout the end
of every one of your rounds until it
wears off but for now you can't hear
crap what do you do when the the bird
screeches at you like what is your
physical reaction um I don't think I
would have a physical reaction I think
I'm so out of breath and Orlock is so
out of breath and amazed that he even
made it across the cliff that he's just
kind of happy to be alive the bird
company arranged there
gentle it was already within my threat
range so right if it moves from ten to
five I can't take an attacking on
Christmas I say old bird the first bird
just stand-in there lookin at LOC not
sure what to make of them the second one
begins to eat blue which would fail to
death saving throws right hold on if he
tries to eat blue I do get an attack of
opportunity on that if you would like to
go for it Oh eleven twelve is the number
we're looking for unbelievable
don't you know what a battle master yeah
sure why not koi but he sounds like a
real noble cause I'm not trying to get
rid of all of your no way you got it I
roll the one so I hit twelve to hit do I
do 11 damage oh yes you do 11 damage
alright that's one battle master died
down good how much HP alright so the
rock then proceeds to cause the Yeti
didn't fail to death saving throws as it
munches on it and the last Rock pricks
its head up when it sees this battle
master stuff going on pops onto the log
and looks in locks rection interested
confused hungry it also looks back and
forth fifty Eddy because it wants some
food it is a young little bird Barbeau
your turn now that I have gotten closer
to this pile of Bones
I'm gonna throw it another perception
check and see if I see anything go for
it
what that look yeah those great combat
boys did you like payroll twenty or
something like I've never seen anybody
roll this way the double bribed the
bought the pizza for the developers did
so it in amongst the bones you see a
couple of skeletons with fairly nice
tattered clothing around them
one of them even has steel chain mail
that's been like ripped to shreds and
it's totally broken as if it's been
eaten by a giant bird but you see the
equipment and gear of some supposedly
once upon a time well decked out
probably pretty badass adventurers
in this pilot um I'm gonna walk over
five feet and can I attempt to like
rummage through the bones absolutely
yeah you start digging through this
stuff and sure enough you pull out a
pack that has a crown in it that has
been wrapped in a silk cloth many times
do I see in this pile of Bones a rapier
that looks amazing because you said they
were some pretty crazy awesome adventure
Jimmy give me a d20 rapiers are not a
common weapon for adventure well but
it's possible give it maybe you'd wanna
give it to you no all right um wait is
that all my move is it all like I will
sit it's either you're 10 feet of
movement and an action ok so I'm gonna
run over to this mm-hmm and attack the
burn with hopefully flanking but you
will have used your action already in
searching to get a bonus actually you
your bonus action for an attack only
comes if you make the main action for
attack no I got it cool um do I get a
bonus action for more searching or no
setup
yeah cool thank you but it is time to
make your yetis next death saving throw
all right technically if you roll a
natural 20 he comes back at one HP it's
not the case ooh all right
it is past two and it is down to the owl
goes can are the rocks old enough to fly
it I don't know
how old does it have to be before can
fly have they've flown yet you haven't
liked science we haven't seen yet he's
asking if they've flown like in this
encounter did we see them fly / - that's
right
no flight thus far seems like they're
jumping around right now we have over 2
lakh - a system on his next alright
yeah action yeah it keeps the spell
ready yeah ok lock it's your turn all
right it's time to [ __ ] some [ __ ] up the
one that's eating the Yeti mm-hm
I should be able to take an attack on
him and with advantage with the owl
correct yep you rip into the light bone
bird setting feathers all over the place
the wing hangs at an unnatural angle
clearly broken beyond repair
okay can I also add I want to do a trip
attack to add 1d8 more damage to that
uh-huh there's seven more damage to that
hit and the bird makes a saving throw
versus strength is it something like
that I don't think it matters I have
advantage my attack enemy event
do I need throw against it er no no it
feels that you're the same so it is
prone okay so you do more damage and
actually knock the bird all the way to
the ground
then uh my my back swing on my pole I
master I think that's a crit cuz I had
vanished right so 11 damage again yep
and you rip it for another 11 on you
going to use my action search here and
then take another smack with my halberd
holes gonna be 12 okay and I'm gonna add
another one da we're gonna roll oh my
god
God's another is barely alive my polar
mastered the action surge only gives me
another action I don't get a bonus
action again with that do I correct okay
so I think that's her ankle again
alright bastard it's amazing
um okay I pray to oranges
okay whoo all right do you make it
across and onto the ledge you still have
your action left Midori I'm going
there's a trip to burn to the left to
the bird with the little health swing at
it with my slice you rolled a hit you
hit it you slice into the bird severing
all the feathers on the right wing just
they just completely fall off of it
it's just exposed skin and broken bone
now bird is on the ground
twitching spasming still technically
alive and the other rock the one that's
right next to you takes a little hop and
goes for a peck at you it's to a Texas
beak at you Midori
I used my son all day Simon damaged him
as well excellent
you take 712 to hit you Midori 12 house
I hit 12 to hit not 12 damage does the
12 hit your armor class yeah the dying
bird I'm gonna give it a contract to see
if it can keep its meal down it does not
keep its meal down nope it pukes up the
Eddy and sort of like tries to retreat
and crawl back into the den very slowly
it's fast little broken legs will carry
it make him into chicken leaving room
for the other rock to hop on over and
join in the fray on Midori as well
it didn't get its claw attack at you
hold on it also makes Talon attack which
isn't it alright so the second one comes
over with the Talon scratch it you
Midori sixteen will hit you for seven
damage and you need to make me nothing
you are grappled and restrained and that
will give an advantage on its beak
attack so it's got you under its it's
Talon basically push you to the wall and
now it's coming in with its beak to rip
you apart has advantage 24 it'll Peck
you for 12 19 thus far bear okay Lily
all right captain barb oh I'm gonna take
this new bag how much is it weigh two
pounds okay well I'm fine I'm gonna walk
up stealthily mmm-hmm I guess doesn't
matter and I'm gonna take a double
attack on the spring I'll first attack
with my first one I'm guessing that hits
for eighteen yes it does and then can I
take my dagger and I'll just hit this
bread again with my other one for six
man intersect Oh excellent you mess up
its plumage and tail feathers all yell
at lock i I got you buddy thanks you
don't here idiot you're dead hope I
don't that's why I said thanks out of
character idiot yeah it's time for blues
lost saving for a pass or fail this is
the end and I don't know which is more a
terrific dies guys I'll bite right okay
Lu bleeds to death the Owls turn assists
lock-on next action
all right and in Gerald's turn you're
still readying nothing else I can do
screeches interrupts spells too so I'm
standing right here
lock all right between me and Barb oh
that's a yeah I'll attack seven damage
excellent and then I'll add a 1 d 8 to
it for a trip this is this is your last
one of those right that's correct okay
bird is not prone and seven more damage
with the polar master excellent okay
Midori it is your turn all right okay
all right I'm going to cast false life
on myself hmm at level two excellent
roll it we did that work mm-hmm you now
just need to roll the actual dice so
roll the one day 4 plus 24 plus 4 plus 5
so 4 on top of that is 12 extra HP for
now so 18
is that the end of your turn there Lily
can I do anything else it sounds right
yeah unless you have some bonus action
or movement did you want to dive off the
cliff can I really try to move away I
don't know where you would go cuz you're
provoking techno music okay the wounded
rock hatchling is gonna make himself a
morale check because he is not the big
badass adult bird this is the little
baby bird baby birds get the feelings
hurt easily but not this one this one is
a murdering psychopath baby bird that
just wants to peck your eyes out Midori
and so it screeches and wrens and it's
going to actually give it a full-fledged
screech both Midori and lock give me
saving throws or lose your hearing oh
the lock I guess we should've been
rolling them for you all along you're
probably still do do we need a 13 for
this 12 so lock is fine Midori is now
deafened and cannot cast spells with
verbal components until she passes her
saving throw and then the bird will
scratch at you Midori misses no good
the next rock hides in the corner licks
its wounds and chirps to itself very
softly
Didem Thurmond the last one comes over
here and it's gonna get to a notes
actually this is the one that's got
Midori held with its hand so it will
just be cat you with a 13 is no good
Barbeau I'm just gonna attack the same
lock or this same rock with advantage
right from the flanking 24 is a hit and
you do 13 points of damage
almost bringing the bird
and then I'll take it with my side I'm
one for two
she cut off one of its tiny little
fingers looks like a pigeon in the city
now I'll say don't die I love you Midori
she didn't care it is the Owls turn
ready assist on lock same actions for
Gerald excellent lock it's your turn
all right the weak bird I'll take
another attack advantage 14 no 25 oh you
have 14 damage yeah ripping the bird to
shreds severing its bluish neck from its
brown shoulders okay
that's does this kind of a plank or
actually [ __ ] it Eragon it's a flank
right if I didn't know better difference
oh yeah oh wait actually then I want
move I guess I'll chill noise someone
going I'll take my here 462 hit six is a
wild miss no no way that's 20 behead
right
oh right yeah lucky you okay twenty is a
hit it's cuts into the rocks left wing
fed severing its flight feathers Midori
okay
she do a con save at the start of the
end they return right I can't trust
anything then right if it has the verbal
component of e next to it you cannot
cast it let me just look real quick
literally all of your yep back at it
with BIOS I thing in for it go you bring
out the feathers on the left on the
right wing kind of rending them and
cutting into the the little awkward
elbow joint there
the bird is hobbled save me their
Constitution yes please nope you're
still deafened the one rock stays on
that side the other one nope it's still
fighting it'll hop to a slightly
slightly better spot right over here and
attack Midori this time'll so it's got
Midori like with one claw and it kind of
hops over the ledge and it's gonna bring
a claw against her and then rip at it
which provokes an attack from lock well
yeah I think they all should only be
giving advantage of one attack and not
all attacks it's the creature but we'll
check it after this battle okay feel
like the owl is probably being okay
right now and then the Rock will Talon
you for six big is you for five you take
11 points Midori have you known this
whole time well to be fair you could
have been a human he would have been
fine because Locke would have moved and
why yeah I gotta say like if I would
have known I would have moved her yeah
yeah so this one I guess it didn't
matter it's your turn I'm gonna move a
little bit to flank and attack this bad
hombre
uh 23 we'll hit it 16 damage will almost
kill it
the bird is all but dead and then all I
know it they're great three new grazing
three alright
howl continues to assist for one attack
on the first attack Gerald readies a
spell Locke takes turn all right I mean
I've got my name blank whatever nine
damage nine damage we'll finish off the
bird okay it falls dead twitching a
little bit and then nothing then I'm
moving over here um are we dropping an
issue uh we can the other bird is
cowering it's at one HP it's basically
dead and it's just trying to hide from
you you can finish it off if you want no
combat roles necessary about them tame
this [ __ ] I'm gonna go I guess
already here then some sprout of
initiative and start searching through
you know do I see any cool good [ __ ]
around here
I want a weapon boy there you want a
weapon I want to want to take your pick
there are swords and spears and bows and
daggers and a single crossbow and a
rapier over here if I roll into day 20
maybe no okay umm bucks there are there
was one tattered ripped up book looks
like a bird got to it and tried to use
it for nesting material as I look
through here do I see anything that
looks like out of the ordinary like um
very embroidered maybe shiny and like a
certain way or something like that it
looks like one of the body is like an
adventurer would have liked at it there
there's nothing that screams I'm a magic
item take me to you nothing like that
but it looks there are things about you
here bring a guy over here to detect
magic that's sure we have to know we're
gonna need the Nova crossover and
investigate some of these items also
okay and then I step forward to the rock
and I Drive the butt of my spear into
its skull and crush it no more pets oh
I'll show you the helm
the crown and I'll say I got we were
looking for and if mama mama rock comes
I think I can put this on it then do we
really want to risk that if mama rock is
having we're not putting she's looking
if she's crazy
do it but I could do that but we won't
do it until the last resort yes
can I hold on to the crown actually
cause it to you I don't really care them
okay what's the name of this thing out
of domination or something friends
domination or manipulation can I go
toss the know yes we need we need the
gnome we need you to come over here yeah
my spell cast ready to anyway so my boo
real quick okay I want to take a gander
over the cliff I don't see like [ __ ]
armies and [ __ ] yeah it will wear off
within one minute so can I do a good
look for the mama buried because those
[ __ ] were screaming yeah give me
perception checks those you guys looking
over the glue yeah you spot Big Mama in
the sky miles and miles and miles and
miles away there's no way she heard
these rocks screeching she's way way out
over the ocean
perfect
levitation doesn't love for horizontal
movement but you're against a rock face
so I figure you can just pull yourself
yeah yeah you do see two separate groups
of soldiers I'm down on two separate
beaches one of them is just walking in a
patrol and the other ones seem to be
squaring off against some sort of
creature that they've got pinned between
them with Spears they're like miles away
though right yeah okay nowhere near you
um
Gerald my good friend my known new
companion will you please detect magic
on these items and I'll have them laid
out for him I guess in the back can I
take a look at the book Corbeau yeah
it's just it's [ __ ] man yeah they just
took it to pieces
okay compare it I'm gonna ritual the
tech
magic on the item or just actually it's
an aorist area spell so I'm just gonna
ritual the tech magic yeah hmm excellent
the crown within your hands radiates or
in Locke's hands radiates magic what's
cool and use your action seat thing or
School of Arts on the school if any so
it is enchantment
it is a heavy enchantment aura heavy
enchantment or okay that crown
definitely is something of power
we knew that great magic magic that one
would cower where any of these uh wait
tower for what what does it do um I know
not what it does only that it is very
powerful probably the object we seek
okay with it made out of iron because we
know that's valuable yeah I think Gerald
Otis is a first there is a second
magical item in this myths it's buried
underneath a few other things and you
overlooked it in your initial hurry
there is a magic short sword in all of
this pile I'm gonna Ewing them
[Music]
can i play around with it and like see
if i can notice anything about it like
hitting the side of the hitting a bone
or something like that
mm-hmm yeah you can swing it to and fro
and get a feel for this thing see what I
can tell you about that while I'm
looking this up you information what are
the rest of you guys doing or thinking
I'm waiting for them to finish their
investigations and I'm just keeping a
lookout over the clip please chats not
the beef what other Yeti place I want to
look at um I want to look at lock the
crown unlocks hand and roll in Arcana
check to see what I can know about it
based on my wizardly knowledge didn't we
read about this book in our thing don't
we know that it's like a have read about
the crown of domination
but I think he's doing something
different with it he's trying to get a
different read on it now that he
actually has it in his hand instead of
Doug Schoen before him mm-hmm
I want to know what it does or have any
insight into what it does
I'm gonna have a short sword Anna a
short companion Steve I saw that dgg
comment it's not really funny to rip
other kids Joe he's kind of pass them up
with your own I throw up haha for that
one that's rich shadows Eliza okay so
the the crown is made out of brass and
it wraps all the way around with little
sort of em you want to call like little
arrowheads on almost like little
triangles attached the smaller section
below so kind of like a spiky crown now
in the Arcadia there are usually three
ranks of nobles there's the monarch who
wears a golden crown counts who kind of
govern a large area a county perhaps and
they wear silver crowns and then there
are the Barons who are the lower people
they have like a couple of villages
maybe or maybe a town and they will
usually wear bronze crowns so this is a
bronze crown reminiscent of one who's
like the lowest level of rank and
society with little spiky bits around it
Oh magical properties nah you got
nothing right now more inspection is
needed like dedicated time could I
inspect the body that I found the the
crown on and see if I see any markings
or anything anyway this this a short
sword that you pick up and start playing
around with it's super light and super
fast and it's like it seems to be how
you want to call it it seems to be an
unnaturally quick weapon to use it's
like playing with a small little knife
when in fact it's a giant you know short
sword do I feel like I can attack twice
with that sword alone and yet one tango
like you could use a bonus action to
make an additional attack with it got it
um yeah can I add that to my stuff sure
yeah I mean it sort of becomes a single
weapon dual wielding at that point cuz
dual wielding normally takes your bonus
action so you couldn't get
three attacks if you have this and a
rapier of raping got it so I can't
attack twice with it but I right or you
could attack twice with it but get rid
of one of your rapiers yeah whatever
there's no way to triple attack with
that not cause if I blame you bonus
action to get the second attack and then
this weapon gives you a second attack
with the bonus action as well but you
only get one bonus action return got it
how much does the SOI damage two pounds
oh how much is the damage and stuff oh
it's a short sword you don't know it's
magical bonuses yet so just put short
sword and I'll keep track of it until
you figure it out cool and unnaturally
quick sword for an unnaturally quick
warrior I like it okay so if I have my
original rapier barb and I can use the
short sword in my right hand and then I
can just choose if I want to attack with
the short sword or the mmm does that
make sense so I can attack once with the
rapier and then once with throat certain
I can't do a place for this shirt I got
it thank you right it's cool haha so
here you are you're in the rocks nest
you've slain all the rocks
you've looted the treasure there's
probably some bits and odds and ends if
you want to spend you know half an hour
digging through the dirty bird's nest
filled with bird [ __ ] for wealth but you
could probably find stuff something here
anyone want to dig around in bird [ __ ]
for gold I think you gotta be quick no
yeah no one is gonna [ __ ] sneak up on
us I'm watching
there is the there's the matter of the
giant bird so we probably don't want to
get killed quickly
can I slice off some of the flesh of the
birds absolutely thank you please cook
it first hmm chat doesn't need meat
cooked right
the Yeti OS a button nothing tell you
this chatty did just the Yeti need
cooked food you don't know what it's
diets like you just found this creature
you just killed this creatures parents a
few days ago and you've been taking it
with you it's more of a hostage than a
pet at this point you don't know what
its nutritional needs are he's my son
don't call him a hostage Locke is
watching like a hawk but let's talk how
do we get off this rock I'm pretty I'm
pretty can we just go back the way we
came what do you mean do we is there
anything of value on these uh on these
rocks like are the beaks or the feathers
or the talons worth like any appreciable
money or useful like any spells or
potions yeah if you collect harvested
certain things from it you might be able
to sell them to someone in town it's
possible like hacking off whatever you
think might be useful yeah sure I guess
all I mean I'm gonna be uncovered anyway
so I'll take like I guess three beaks
how much is like a talent I wanted like
thirty talons or how many talons are in
each bird that's six each five three and
career five yes do birds have I have no
[ __ ] idea does anyone have a bird
nearby I haven't think now for four lrc
for pretty sure birds before I had Birds
I see four with one kind of coming off
the back like the weird stuff so like 24
then for all three or 24 okay so I'll
take 24 talons how much of these gonna
weigh each what do we want to say two
pounds no foot sorry pounds for all okay
hold it and then I'll do three beaks yep
let's say each beak also weighs like
maybe four pounds they're pretty big
beaks if you want me to low hold
anything thank you um I'm okay
and then um feathers just a pile of
feathers
I love feathers okay was there any gold
in the bag no the bag just had the silks
wrapped with the crown wrap with the
silks
can everyone drown - by finding :
absolutely you start digging through
refuse and you dig up gold one pound of
rock feathers should be quite a few
feathers right yes okay
always morris to have a pound of
feathers her pound of rock idiot they're
the same everybody ha so captain Barbeau
you will find 15 pieces of gold you will
find a hundred and eighty pieces of
silver okay and then there's a bunch of
copper lying around but it's worth
nothing for you okay all right got on my
golden also of note is the scrapped iron
armor it's worthless as armour but just
as like pure the raw metal value of the
iron in here is well it's worth more
than the silver yeah
I'm gonna take those if I can sure you
can collect ten pounds of iron just as
yours yep done sweet hey gang get out of
here we got everything we got the loot
it's some blues body's still here mm-hmm
okay I wanna cut the slivers of flesh
from that to Jesus all right well yeah
he's dead I'm taking the harness back
from that bunny any particular section
of flesh you want to remove from his
heart take his heart okay all right and
back the way you came who's the first
one to go I'm levitating myself over so
go can you hold on to this named
levitate from earlier and use that
myself I'd have to ready another spell
if you guys want to if I if I want to
make sure the party doesn't die going
across I got already another slot but
you levitate as a concentration spell
right and casting tech magic ritually
breaks concentration so you would need a
second casting will levitate to get
yourself across quite right yep
Dean I'm gonna stand here for a second
then all right I'm gonna grab some rope
we can't use that floating disc thing or
whatever well let's see let me read it
I don't really know one thing to get
over the traps forever I remember that
floating game yeah let me read I like
never use this let me actually read if
it's actually useful actually yeah wait
let me see if you remove more than 20
feet away the disk follows you but
remains if you move disc isn't mobile
yeah Kobe couldn't I use this as just
for them across one by one
mm-hmm yeah looks like and I can also
cast it as a ritual yep Nate let's do it
it has to be within 20 feet of you right
no no this is weird I understand the
disk is immobile while you are within 20
feet of it if you move more than 20 feet
away from it that this follows you so
that remains within 20 feet of you so it
looks like I can create the disk
levitate myself and then go over and
with each of them and then go back and
forth it seems like rats are we all of
us could just give on the same to us
great
and also it cannot cross an elevation
change of 10 feet or more so this is
just like open falling because there's a
massive elevation change okay we gotta
at Koivu we're ready to have a climbing
buddy and then we'll have advantage
right if we take a rope and do our oh
yeah because I got like picks and shut
don't we yeah we have picks you know
yeah with your harnesses and your picks
if you
to each other together and one person
falls the person next to them can make a
strength check to try and catch them
they'll be attached by a rope so you'll
get you'll get backups sounds good
let's do it alright so is it two groups
of two or you gonna do like one big
group of four with like four different
ropes strong between you um can we do
one whole group right is that we have a
lot more strength together can I also
just levitate over take the rope and
then we can just climb on the rope I
could tie the rope on the other side
could we do that your ropes are 50 feet
this is a 60 foot crossing if you have
multiple ropes you can string them
together I am out of rope on man I don't
know where our Sherpa guy supposed to be
hiding underneath a boat somewhere I'm
guessing these rocks didn't leave any
rope they did not
fortunately all right well let's go yeah
who's the first one Steven I'm gonna die
no wait what
Oh Locke you want me to go first yeah um
okay I mean we're all kind of going
together right well how does this work
so how is this actually gonna work so
we're what checks and what rules are we
rolling well that sounds like you guys
are just crossing independently of
everyone so you're just gonna make
athletics track emetics checks no that's
the way we're all right together with
harnesses all right so one two three
you've got 50 feet of rope so there's
about ten feet between each of you so
lock you're the first one across make
your check for yep that one and you
immediately lose your footing falling
and it looks like Midori is right behind
you so Midori I need you to make me a
strength check you can do it Midori no
we don't get advantage on this oh sorry
that's the first one that's the first
one right yeah the first one did you
manage because the rest of the three of
us are back behind bracing like rabbit I
feel like that's pretty fair I'll be
ready okay yeah
so Locke slips and immediately
Falls the rope goes taut Midori catches
him holding on to the ledge and Locke
can begin to scramble back up to where
he was and try again
thanks Midori all right
so Locke begins to make his way across
Midori it is now your turn to start
going across I mean you're all actually
next to each other immediately Midori
fails and both Gerald and Locke wait how
do you just do a strength check on your
strength yeah I succeed a bear check
check not a save all right so you both
catch on and hold and you're sort of
fine this is why we attached with ropes
for this situation all right Midori give
me another check and keep going yep yep
one more time she keeps slipping and
falling trying to drag the rest of you
down with her he's using his [ __ ]
nuts
hey I use my strength saver do I use my
order I click the spring thing because I
don't know if the spring of the saving
throws are giving you a bonus or not or
is it all but you don't want the
strength saving throw you just want to
stir you want to click the top left just
the word scream yeah all right so lock
holds on tight Midori begins to fall
pulling Gerald off the ledge with her
Barbeau hmm why would a girl off the
ledge aren't you attached by rope to
Midori net way no no I'm holding the
rope oh you're holding the rope I
thought you were attached to the rope
I'm not attached till I go across
there's no no no way well that we're all
crossing together we're all tied up
together for sure that's how I thought
of it yeah why would you be holding the
rope cuz it's not gonna like you won't
be able to hold it until all the way for
her to get across you could only hold it
for you no okay does that make sense
yeah sure I think you're good I think
luck was enough to save you right no
whoo
all right so here's okay so here's the
thing I don't wanna like lower this but
like you're
you're rolling the wrong thing so you're
rolling your strength save instead of
your strength to check and you have a -1
to your strength saves right now I don't
know if you strength normal check would
have passed back right it's a minus 1 no
matter what so it's the say is it so its
reaches they're the same its injection
thing ok yeah ok so what's up this is
how we are so Midori has fallen pulling
Gerald with her and Gerald is attached
to barb oh so now barb oh needs to make
a save before I do that Midori was
yamadori was saved right by Stephen so
now help me Midori should also be able
to do it right where you're all falling
yeah ok
so barb oh and law are hard was on the
ledge lock is on the cliff base itself
between them are dangling Midori and
Gerald by top ropes just kind of yeah
all right
Midori and Gerald you have every reason
to be able to eventually pass us and get
through don't get your teammates killed
athletics acrobatics it will be fine
third time's the charm
yes yes ok Midori scrambles back up and
moves on Gerald I believe in you Gerald
just can't
Gerald can't scramble barb Oh catch him
uh does Midori help to write you will
both get it checks yes thank you we'll
catch him and hopefully Midori doesn't
get thrown off balance because Gerald is
falling all right last one barb oh this
is all on you all we need is your check
to cross and we're fine ok
it's an acrobatics right or athletics
whichever one you want yeah ok with a
near-miss a couple of near misses and
almost falling to your deaths the party
successfully crosses the bridge guys
across this it's so easy
well no that's very gifted physically
jeez yeah I am gifted physically look at
these chiseled abs couldn't save our son
huh
almost couldn't save yourself captain
but don't worry I've always got your
back
thank you [ __ ]
all right the party heads back to the
ship the boat that you've tucked away
securely I believe yes
um can I pick up my backpack from the
ground that I had dropped apparently
please do okay wait also is this
backpack like an unstated thing or
assume all of your stuff is held in I
there should be an item in your
inventory that says it is 5 pounds oh
okay you're gonna add that wait the
backpack itself weighs 5 pounds that's a
little bit too much it should be like
I'm a ship being you okay
sorry for - is five like to drop that
drop you dropped your mom last night off
you almost dropped Midori off that cliff
okay okay so we're back at the boat our
Sherpa guys there we need to sail around
and we need to find the man that we'd
given signals to right I said there'd be
a symbol yeah you guys said that you
were gonna just have him come back in a
week which is not from now all right I
told them that I would all I said weak
or I would make the little gnome symbol
with the sound remember okay yeah yeah
so I'm gonna hear it but you could see
it I'm putting up the know him symbol
not the sound right but not from where
you are now because he's look he's
waiting for you to do it at the player
he dropped you off right so he doesn't
have like a site to wherever you are
pressed so we got to go back to that
place yeah cool you hop in your boat
Sherpa guys so they're your Sherpa guys
still there Dominic
he's hiding under the boat when you guys
approach you see him like wincing and
then seeing you he gets back up and
pulls the boat puts it in the water and
how was it fine quiet please
like you its chat still following me
where is he yep okay I've assumed you
fed him the food that you pulled off the
young fool
including lose heart yeah he ravages
that mmm
seems to particularly enjoy it and you
guys wait for nightfall I believe before
you set out that's what you did last
time
yep well the other Yeti is dead our
lives hung on by a thread that moment
filled me with dread but now we get to
see what's next ahead police chat is fed
I'd like to be looking out for the mama
bird mm-hmm well the mama bird doesn't
really show up when the Sun begins to
get down you hop in your boat and start
rowing away and it's not until your few
miles out to sea that you hear the
wailing shrieks of a mama bird come home
to her nests only to find everything and
they're dead you're gonna for miles
because she's so massive but then she
goes into text the thick getting down
there right maybe but you guys move on
and you sail away on your way from the
third Talon to the second one however at
night the the winds begin to pick up
some storm clouds appear overhead and it
begins to snow yeah you make your way to
the other Island or your boat gets too
covered with snow you're having like a
little bit here and there and while
we're sailing can I suggest that we just
cover the Eddy with like a blanket or
some [ __ ] I don't know if like seeing
that the body of the Yeti at the cave is
gonna like cause the mother to try to
find out or get cool that's so sweet of
you luck of course we can come on safe
and warm as possible
no more considerate than I thought I'll
cover it with the mom skin excellent you
cover the Yeti with more Yeti you make
your way to the next island it's cold
it's snowing you're not gonna be able to
find your way back to your point today
but you can find your way to shelter
somewhere and you do you make your way
to a small little cave and hold up for
the night cool um do I need a like alarm
this or is this just kind of a plot
point or whatever
there's probably no spiders in here i
alarm everything on every foot including
the ceilings already a torch new me
mm-hmm
excellent all right so you're in your
cave
you've got the night to think what is
the plan is it just get to the boat and
get the [ __ ] off the island was there
anything else you wanted to do here
while you're here I want to dip the [ __ ]
out well let's say guys we know that
they've got some pretty powerful people
stationed here try to figure out I don't
know if they need to figure out the
crown as if there's trying to get the
crown or what it'd be nice if we knew
what they wanted the crown for we still
don't know what it does although we
asked why it's ships some translated
pages behind us to that town maybe it
all have figured it out when we get back
I don't know what do you think so far we
haven't learned anything about tavington
or whatever he does so if we maybe
capture one of the officers and
interrogate them we would find out more
about this whole overarching plan yeah
it's possible we could we know they
don't know anything and it also
introduces a lot more risk into our
mission there's like a whole army here
and the previous officers we've absurd I
think I haven't like really known
anything the last night that we thought
she didn't really know any of like the
details of tavington plan
yeah Cal Delana seemed completely
worthless in terms of information I
don't know how much more these officers
would know and again incredible risk
that Bert Greta mutt night or whatever
it looked absolutely massive and then we
don't know how powerful wizard Billy is
so I think that we are best just heading
back
what do you think I heard a whisper
Midori okay okay I think if we go back
and learn how to use the crown we can
use its power and tavington will go down
I think um I think going back is the
wisest choice of action yeah I want to
heal - okay okay
are we getting short rest for these for
this boat trip or will have we taken a
shot you'll get a short rest in the cave
while you're resting waiting okay cool
cool night goes by no problem
the snow continues for at for 36 hours
so you guys have a lot of time this cave
together to hang out and chat or shoot
the [ __ ] or rest up what make sure but
he adds a hint I suspect mm-hmm I'm
gonna memorize in large since I have
time to do it finally excellent Midori
you should be you're at full HP right
you've been rolling it dice can I um can
lock and I like spar so I can figure out
the short-sword property times slowly
yeah you got a lot of time in this cave
I'll just give them to you since you've
got plenty of time to figure them out
it is a +2 short-sword
Wow so does one d8 no does 1 d6 + - oh
good I will just add magic fancy wise
okay I have it under there is blue a
short sword I think I haven't done
correctly
[Music]
this we're going rename it
there we go
now it's all set up okay I'm gonna scrap
your blue shorts or
you and Locker sparring Gerald is
memorizing enlarged Midori you are a
cleric of the goddess of death and
you've just put down some more giant
creatures put down some yetis Birds you
sort of got a son and then it died and
you fed it to your other son feeling at
home with the goddess of death I feel
very comfortable with death yeah my
mentality is like if it's their time
it's their time so I had no qualms about
feeding my son to the other son just +8
right it seems maybe a little high Oh
keep talking Midori I'll sort this other
stuff other than that aside from like
you know praying to my goddess or
whatever I would like to observe Locke
and Captain barbels sparring but
sparkles in my eyes
there's sparkles I just have great
admiration for both of them cool Gerald
you are learning did you say are
memorizing enlarge like you're switching
out your spells I memorize okay and lock
and bar bow anything going on with you
that we should know about in this day
and a half of snow spine I mean I think
I talked a little bit about this crown I
mean what do we think it I mean I think
there's one obvious connection for what
the crown could be used for I mean do
you guys have any guesses can I spend
more time studying it what did we find
out Midori one yeah what did we find out
about the crown Oh
Hosanna a good role Wow yeah but what
would they want with a crown like this
okay that's what I was thinking yeah I'm
like tapping it holding it up and down
occasionally you like shining a light on
it with my finger mm-hmm oh I have a
question yeah hold onto it for just one
moment you get the impression that this
amulet is sort of like part of a 2-piece
set there seems to be something that
it's supposed to interact with and
you're when you say amulet thought him
you mean the crown or it's a cement
around okay I'm just you're part of your
can of check is casting more detect
magic spells ritually to make sure you
know what's going on here and you get
this like sort of resonance frequency
that seems like it's supposed to be
resonating with something else and that
thing is missing so there's a second
component somewhere somehow is it an
amulet like I would make a flub like
that what feeling that is some kind of
like thing that goes on your neck well I
mean it wasn't it doesn't matter we know
we need so you think we need a second
object in order to get this crown to
work that's what it appears to me I
think the set is not complete hmm
something else to make it sweet well
there's a couple things we can do then
we could try and use this shield to
haggle or use the crown to haggle with
Lord tavington to figure out what the
other object is although that considers
it that carries a considerable amount of
risk we could try to capture one of
their all do we think they have the
other object I don't think we know maybe
before we do anything else maybe we
should just return to the town and see
the translated pages from Wyatt to see
if we can get information on where the
second object might be located I don't
think that tavington would give us a
pass more likely just to kick our ass
well I mean we have something worth very
much to them right now right yes but why
not just kill us for it well obviously
we would hide it before confronting them
with it right where we would send a
messenger ahead and we would be using
this as leverage I see I think Lord
tavington wants us more than anything so
I think he'd be willing to make a deal
yes we can even get a face-to-face
meeting with tavington possibly we
should head back to the town though if
they could find the translated works
from Wyatt and see what else we can
gather for information do we remember
when we were undoing this uh vampire if
we left like an amulet or something on
her neck in the cave or I don't remember
seeing an amulet I just remember
earrings and jewelry
okay okay okay
so this no storm passes you guys get
your [ __ ] back together and make your
way back for the the spot that you had
set up ahead of time can I ask you about
yes
um would I be able to use a shield with
this sword and it ropes on a proficiency
and shields but what I still get the
plus two if you don't have a shield
[Music]
there's a thing are you sure brogues
don't have shield proficiencies um I'm
pretty sure yeah yeah there are no
proficiencies for you so and then
there's no way to like change feats or
anything right I said uh caster there's
no I would allow you to take a feat that
allows you to use a shield I don't think
there's one in the players handbook but
I think oh maybe not even to take a
maybe not even use a shield but just
change the dual wield one so I have
something um more useful now since I'm
gonna only be using that sword you'll
probably want do a waiter waiter I don't
think so I think if koib is willing to
give me the shield ank this is way
better because I'm only gonna be ever
attacking with this +2 short sword this
isn't gonna [ __ ] over an IV are there
rogue dual wield [ __ ] right um
dual doesn't give me that much this is
what it is yeah so your dual wield feat
just saying it is going to stay your
dual wield feat that's not gonna be
removed sure if when you hit level eight
and you get your next feat you could
take a feat that allows you to use a
shield but until then we're gonna say no
well like 10 Midori you shield so can
use shields once able to use are shown
wouldn't I mean because you can already
do a wield it seems like you're gaining
very little with a sword
better imadori if she but she meant that
may not want to use it because it's yeah
but it could be like a bonding moment
the two can train each other about it
but that because it seems like the short
the sword is like marginally improving
you or barely at all but it would be a
massive improvement to Midori yep and
believe it or not dual wield this way
better them wait why is doing good good
can you explain that Devon I can you get
a plus two your AC while building
separate melee weapons right and then if
I had the shield I get plus two and you
have two weapon advantages instead of
one right so one weapon like a short
sort of speed is pretty good but what if
you had two magical weapons that had
separate effects and as DND progresses
you get weapons it actually do things
like light shed on fire or screaming
stop what or suck up things or give you
life like things like that so you
basically but why would I use this short
sword then because the short swords only
good for attacking twice what do you
mean well right now the sheriff's are
does marginally better with the shield
short sword is better marginally than
dual wield but what I'm saying is later
in the game as you get cool [ __ ] it
probably won't be yeah he's not taking
do a little way I guess I don't know
it's fine I'm keeping it's just it's a
matter of like stacking our efficiency
so basically the whole point of you
being a row Catholic is wasted on you
having a short sword that basically okay
posted you know well aren't you the
scythe wielding Lully a way you don't
like that worry right Devon what the
[ __ ] that's like the n-word to Lily I
can't believe you just said the n-word
so she's an eco lowly came out yeah you
didn't even rhyme that so the next
morning you guys take off how do you
want to get to where you came from do
you want to go by sea or you want to go
by land so she'll be traveling during
the day by sea you'll be a little bit
more visible but it'll be faster perhaps
a little bit easier this won't have to
carry a boat over land like going over
land will be a little easier to hide
from the baddies
I imagine that like moving with uh I
imagine that moving with a boat is [ __ ]
I don't know anything about the sea I
guess I would ask the captain in a small
boat we should be able to effectively
evade larger vessels that might spot us
right we're not gonna get caught out
here with this um this isn't a small mo
who's a raft right right it's a rowboat
so you'd be rowing pretty close to shore
you're not like gonna get chased down
you're just going around the edge of an
island you know yours like cruising
around the coast yeah I mean I think
we'll be okay wait um Koivu does barbell
have the medium armor proficiency he
does right because if he does he can use
shield shields a separate proficiency
the medium armor proficiency is also
here I'll scroll it sorry why do some
classes have medium armor and shield
proficiencies don't know but check I
scroll it in the chat rogue has light
armor okay
sorry okay sorry to waste time so you
guys are going by land or by sea
um by sea yeah can I give Midori the
short sword she reasonably cast of spell
and then use the sword sword as her
bonus since it gives a bonus right what
does that mean um you said the short
sword you can use it twice right when
you make an attack with it you're
allowed to make a bone an additional
attack as a bonus action okay so if she
okay so she can't cast a spell and use
the short sword correct okay
I mean it's not that great then
okay I'll think about it
just keep it final No so as you approach
the spot where you had originally been
dropped off and that you've sort of set
up as your return place you come across
a here are some sites let me get it
ready for you since you're approaching
from an angle I did not expect
Robo
so I'm just gonna have the party be the
Robo for simplicity sake here come on
over to the bottom right hand corner
you're cruising along on your boat to
this Cove where you dropped off where
you got dropped off it is actually like
a little bit of a beachy area even
though it's snowy where you can pull
your boat up you know how bikes scramble
up cliffs immediately and you've come
across the site of maybe a dozen kobold
surrounding a wounded man as pelting it
with stones and spears and kind of
shrieking at it the mammoth looks
cornered angered terrified bleeding from
small wounds all over its body and you
guys are here on your boat I'm sorry so
we're still in the talons yeah you
haven't you haven't met up with what's
his face and head yeah yeah you want to
I mean it's just a beast we should just
keep going this this is the coat that
you would agreed to meet is what I'm
saying
and the cove is currently occupied by a
mammoth in kobolds we can just like hang
out wait around for the mammoth - maybe
the kobolds are fighting the mammoths
right now right yeah they're tossing
Spears at it from afar and throwing
slings at it slinging rocks at it and
retreating as the mammoth goes forward
and then as it turns around to attack
the other people they go back there
using fairly standard caveman strategies
to herd larger prey into a narrow area
we could save it and then Barbeau could
have a pet mammoth we can eat it I don't
know we can reasonably taint a mammoth
and I'm not trying to boat this thing
back to whatever the [ __ ] that place is
we could ride it back
um how about we just how how um how
experienced do I feel as a fighter do I
feel like I'm on the cusp of reaching
new heights of power or do I feel like
I've already surpassed that I just need
to rest for a little bit to solidify the
knowledge or what well you're definitely
right near the edge you know you get
you've done some pretty impressive
things you've traveled to new lands
you've climbed new structures you've
faced new and terrifying enemies but
each new thing that you overcome really
does help you learn something about
yourself have I learned I only have a
useful spell called fireball we should
be great at a situation okay what can
you tell me the what is the what is the
really thing again why do I always
though the Vorlon oh this what how can
you see my ruler marks mm-hmm how far up
is this these are about ten feet foot
cliff below and then the second clip is
about 15 feet and then are we on are we
on this bow here you are yes
you know what I've been stuck in this
cave for almost two days I need to get
out get some exercise can we pull up
right here and then hop up and start
hacking our way through so kobolds you
want to pull the boat up to the rocks
here and scramble up the rocks
sure absolutely yeah
how high is it it's ten feet for the
first ledge and 15 feet for the second
ledge you climb at half speed so 25 feet
becomes 50 feet of movement needed to
get to the top can we do this quietly
yeah you can try and do it quietly it
increases the DC but you can do it how
far how high are they is they like 5
feet 10 and 15 about 10 to 15
can't we just say no and leave I mean we
need to be ready for when the bum man
shows up and I want to get some exercise
I could go stealth around and like
attempt to [ __ ] some kobolds up you guys
pull the boat up to the shore your
pak-rat your Sherpa
is gonna stay and steady the boat for
you guys so it doesn't get lost when you
all pull out and climb up onto something
so oh it's a stealth up give me yeah
give me your athletic or acrobatics
check to scale the 50 feet 15 is what
you needed so you can scramble up bar
bow without making too much noise
I assume leaving your pack with all the
gear that you've put into it in the boat
because you've got like tons of stuff
that you've gathered right metals and
coins and [ __ ] yeah that's all right
iron yeah you make your way up there who
else wants to climb up all right before
they climb up can I attempt to stealth
kill some stuff so nobody hears if you
want to have them wait around for you to
try and do that you can tell yeah is
that okay
everybody yeah I got out here to get
some exercise I'm gonna let you run
around and step everything the back all
right you can come on up then lock all
right lock okay I imagine wait so I need
to do an athletics here mm-hmm
tend to get up at 15 to get up silently
of course 20 to get up without any
problems at all okay Oh Midori scrambles
but she will give away your position as
she reaches the top hang on I'm going to
since I'm gonna fail my role anyway what
is this it is an athletics athletics
electability
gerald's get the part where the first
lad you just falls back into the boat
you'll start in the boat when we start
our initiative cool the lovers
let's take a short break don't we can
you take us to break Lily yeah
later Jerald breaks his neck and fault
you
you
[Music]
you
[Music]
you
you
[Music]
you
[Music]
you
[Music]
you
[Music]
ok ready ok 3 2 1
that was it amazing story
Wow all right here we go
we're gonna roll initiative now there's
a lot of kobolds so just to streamline
things I'm gonna have all the kobolds go
on the same one turn so the game I love
it a new line
oh my god give him on one initiative
then action economy huh
can i rap what killin think no yes
pirates don't have in this world existed
well the norm you know me if you wanted
her rip
Barbeau lock Gerald midori initiative
alrighty then all the way around
captain Barbeau as usual you were first
I'm gonna run up to they having a senior
yet they haven't detected yet oh why yes
they again cuz you all right I'm gonna
run up to this one and attack with my
new magical weapon alright you approach
the cold from behind so you're this
wingman
yes it is there me can I have its turn
I'll just turn on my son yeah I attacked
it with my short sort of speed your 25
will definitely hit the kobold and rip
it to shreds I'm gonna move over to the
other guy
mm-hmm and attack him with all same one
using your bonus action you whack the
kobold and cut it to pieces all right
Midori you are next chill touch the
closest to me is it chill touch 120 foot
range Wow yeah you hit the cobalt and it
dies useful rosin miserable
Gerald I'll send the owl to help assist
lock on his next action and I'll say
lock the magnificent fighter nothing
will faze him he's such a great fighter
amazing oh my god and then I guess I
have no LS to anything right and even if
I did it's all the way over there yeah
I'll just spread of all this try to
climb up whatever yeah again you know
scramble up the cliff just barely at the
end of the round
it is the pack of kobolds turns they've
been alerted to your presence and I'll
check they do not like being sweet on
the ones on the ledge are going to gonna
come down over here and form a cluster
this way these four will already their
actions over here the five on the ground
two of them are going to sling at the
mammoth one of them does four and the
other one this is and the other three
keep their spears out and poised at the
mammoth ready to strike block it's your
turn
these [ __ ] kill everything I can't do
much I guess I can move over to this
kind of tree I imagine I get like half
cover or something here if I name yeah
okay the mammoth goes it turns to look
at what's going on behind you gives a
big mammoth blare like a sort of noise
that's you guys looks back to the
kobolds
and will come and stomp that one
with a 23 to hit 437 damage completely
and utterly stomping the coal bolt out
of existence
holy [ __ ] yeah captain Barbra it's your
turn I'm going to use a full run so I'm
gonna run like 16 so yep there and then
yeah just hang out there Midori I'm
going to move here I can see the coal
bullets ahead of me right mm-hmm
and they're like you're like five feet
apart right oh yeah they're all
clustered together oh good okay I'll
chill touch both of them you reach out
to one of them who do you want to target
first uh that one right there
all right you hit the one in the back
and it freezes to death and you hit the
other one for two and it gets frostbite
all over its little likes phalanges
what's called extremities Gerald I will
send the owl to assist law who's next
Locke I'm you and I'll move here
undercover and all firebolt
the damage to bold cast a little like my
fingertip will light up I'll send a
little bullet of fire like sizzling
across the snow all right I roll that
just a second
ha you said like a fiery cross away
almost kills the coal bold I can't
believe it
not quite the owl is assisting Locke the
kobolds turn go you guys did not close
with them as they sort of expected you
to so these three are all going to just
hurl their spears past Captain Barbeau
who's in front so first couple hurls the
spear 17 he'll take three points of
damage an Envy kobold will scamper back
and lower and drop and the next kobold
will move to the side and throw spirit
captain Barbeau for eight points of
damage holy [ __ ] and hurt dangle and
drop off the ledge and the last one will
hurl spirit captain Barbeau for another
five damage lives
angle and drop the ones below we'll both
sling the mammoth one to those hits
against the mammoths for eight total and
then the two spear guys will just sort
of like poke and prod and try and drive
it back with threatening gestures I'll
give them an intimidation check against
the mammoth
here cobalt I think that is charisma
based they are not very terrifying in
fact they're not intimidating the
slightest lock it's your turn
this clip is how much ten feet or 15
feet to the left 15 15 okay I think then
I can so if I walk up to the clip I can
just like drop down it basically yes
you hang and drop that's fine so like
right here also jump on an amendment
mm-hmm
I could do that but I'm gonna not do
that I'm about to do okay um then I will
wait here Bobby that's my turn I take a
full bath all right
the mammoth goes blaring its trunk
swinging its tusks side to side it will
go forward the wounded cobalt with a
Gore hitting the coal bold with its
tusks the sort of ripping it piece to
piece and throwing its body up onto this
ledge where it dies captain Barbeau I
will use my full movement to go 30 and
then I'm gonna use my bonus action of
its cutting action you can take about a
section and - then I'll - another 30
down to this pole bone and then I'll
just use my main attack to hit it cool
so you move you get to the edge of the
cliff you throw yourself off holding on
to the top and sort of tangling down and
make your roll hit you will rip it to
shreds it's definitely dead Midori I'm
gonna move here can I can see them so I
can still use spells on them from up
here yes but after hitting am I able to
use fancy footwork to move say are you
already used your bonus action to get
over here is that also bonus section
yeah okay cool thank you
um this coal bowl over here I'm gonna
chill touch Wow
go for it
we'll chill it for - it almost dies
gerald
yes I shall move over here to the tree
yes and I will cast I can't do that
I will move here yeah to the ledge
I will cast a sizzling bolt of fire at
the wounded cab old on the Left sure
this guy yeah I think he's below that
ledge I don't think you have line of
sight on him I mean you're good probably
gonna kill any coal and they all have
shitty HP so it's fine you underestimate
the power of my roles let's see I will
do which one can I hit during your turn
to hold on during your turn if you make
a melee attack against a creature that
creature can't make opportunity text
against you for the rest of her and
that's fine but you had already used all
of your movement to get down to the
bottom of the cliff okay yeah
Gerald you said which Coble can you hit
yeah the one cause you target this one
this wood these three this one but I
just won sitting by the mammoth the one
next to Midori is dead right yeah little
DX through it that one's dead zzzz I
will I will do the next closest to
Midori on the on below her perfect that
one okay there we go well Elevens not
enough to hit so you you strike the snow
near the coal bold sending it melting
all over it giving it frosty tips on its
hair it looks that's what is oh okay I I
hate snow I'm a mill man I never seen
snow I hate it it scares me mm-hmm the
owl Cruz is to assist Locke yeah Locke's
turn oh um how big are these cliffs
again 15 feet if I'm standing at the
edge of this cliff can I reasonably hit
that kobold with a halberd yeah but you
just climb down the cliff didn't you
yeah you gonna climb back up oh I don't
have enough movement what I right yeah
Oh take you thirty feet to get to the
top of the cliff you climb that half
room okay
are those kind of like move around here
and like kind of around this corner I'll
just give this guy a little poke there
you go oh yes you'll off its head from
its shoulders it rolls to the snow
nearby leaving a little red streak in
the thing okay
and then I think I'll see I'll stay here
[Music]
super secret that was locked because the
kobolds go went after lock how to think
I lost their eternity initiative tracker
does anyone remember where the
Colville's went I honestly don't I
didn't have a wasn't it like nine was it
really okay they should have gone right
before luck logs whoops no you were four
you were nine you won't alright so let's
just have the the cobalt sticker turn
you killed one it would have slung at
the dude which would have missed so the
other team will sling at it with a Miss
and a hit for five damage and the ones
with Spears will back up this one's
actually gonna try and make it hide
check and hide from all of you guys
seven is not good enough so you see it
in the tree that's not the one down here
we'll also try and hide in a bush or
something and makes a great stealth
check and sort of disappears into the
snow over here somewhere
and now it's the man it's turn it's
facing these two kobolds and it will
attack one of that with a 15 what is no
that's not it's definitely gonna stomp a
kobold into dust a little splatter on
the ground
Barbeau I'm gonna jump up here and use a
bonus action to hide
give me a self-check yep
you are invisible Midori I can't see
this one right oh you can yes oh okay
I'm just gonna chill touch that one then
it is trying to hide from you and you're
chilled it the cover of the tree is too
great can't quite get to it Gerald I can
still see a canvas another sizzling fire
bolt across the snow and there he goes
you mean I actually killed something you
did you've murdered it it's dead it'll
never harm me Vera online isn't done oh
my god okay is that your first kill all
game yeah yeah definitely it's by far
passive this run the last remaining coal
bold will flee and try and hide once
more
it does not do well on at I check
whatsoever lock it's your turn hahaha
I'm not even coming here to kill a
mammoth I'm gonna climb back up the
cliff with my friends assuming that a
wooly mammoth he's probably been [ __ ]
with enough and will run off if he's a
these feels like he's being unfuck with
so can I create my own Iraq I'm gonna
ready I will if I ready a dodge can I
still do a reaction or no
the Dodge becomes your reaction so I
thought it was I can't like ready an
attack and then attack and react right
so probably always no one initiative
because I can create like ok I'm going
to all come up here and stand right here
and I will ready a Dodge ok yeah that's
fine
the mammoth will go and it will go over
to the tree and use its trunk to grab
the coal bolt out of the tree it will
grab it and hurl the coal Bowl to send
it flying into the water where it dies
terribly and it becomes far bows turn am
i able to run and jump onto this mammoth
and stop my two attacks [ __ ] lutely
it's a 20-foot jump which is gonna be
really hard you're gonna need to like
throw yourself in the the greatest
acrobatics check of your life if I if I
had it would I still be able to do my
two attacks if you can make it to the
mammoth you get both your attacks I'll
even give you advantage on it on my
acrobatic amazing no no on your attacks
for your amazing diving roll at the
mammoth do it here so right now I'm
gonna do it
give me an acrobat exchange it insane
alright Barbeau describe to us a word
picture of high jump with like my short
sword and the rapier and I'm just gonna
like dag him into it but I'm home he's
the short sword twice to hit him give me
attacks with your short sword as you've
land on the back of the mammoth one hit
and you have advantage so two hits okay
for what is that 17 and 12 is 29 right
yeah and am I able to use fancy air
fleet footwork to dip why usually never
man oh man I'm on the mammoth I'm
chillin yeah I'm gonna dig in though I'm
gonna like my swords are in him I am
holding on Neil as hard as I can alright
you got a short sword here into a rapier
here I guess one of those attacks
should've been
rapier attack in such a short sword
attack while I was saying that I use the
short sword twice like this 10 years if
your swords are both dug into it then
clearly you attacked with both swords
alright sure of it yeah which one do you
want to wreck on whatever was your other
weapon okay so the same mam's gets 4 HP
back all right there we go you're on the
mammoths back Midori just like look at
him I'm just gonna look at him you're
not gonna attack the mammoth at all
really or something no oh okay then I
don't let you know I will attack it then
what's you'll touch alright you will hit
it for seven points of necrotic damage
you can see the mammoths first sort of
like wilting and it's kind of falling
off of its back and small clumps and
patches never had mammoth meat before
pretty excited I'd rather be getting
captain barbell meat soon if he's not
careful
oh wait where's our Yeti shouldn t be
fighting sure you'd like that I think
they get he's still in the boat he
didn't make any climb checks to get out
Gerald um I will move up some more and I
will cast a magic missile at the mammoth
as multiple bolts go off of my
fingertips and go spiralling towards the
mammoth what is the damage on this again
3 d 1 d 4 plus 1 for each bolts at level
1 it's got three at level two it's got 4
3 d 4 plus 1 then is the total role or
equal 3 yeah pretty poor first line 11
points you pepper the man meant for all
sorts of damage the owl goes the owl
will float over to bar bow to a system
on whatever the hell he's gonna do next
where is that oh yeah
the one living kobold continues to hide
gonna take it out of the initiative
order no one will ever find it
lock it's your turn I'm sorry I've asked
this a million times it's 15 feet to get
down right yeah jump on him I don't
think I can I'm encumbered and attended
will you let him go no he's encumbered
he can jump but he'd have to do a pretty
[ __ ] good athletics check to make it
there it's ten feet to the cliff and
then it's 20 from the cliff onto the guy
so it'd be 30 feet of I mean if I guess
if you want me dude it's a 20 foot jump
super difficult to do easy I did it give
me an athletics check what is it what is
a fail jump kiddo I just line in front
of it or am i taking like 900 damage
falling falling damage just do it dude
don't be a beta male Lennox
we're acrobatics your choice oh that's
not gonna be enough to make it's gonna
get you most of the way there 20 is the
magic number on this one you get most of
the way to the mammoth and don't quite
get all the way taking four damn it as
you hit the ground right before it and
then still get to your feet and
everything I'm able to do an attack
mm-hmm all right
Oh give it a good swing of my hovered
here I don't know if this counts as a
flank or not with captain barber on top
of it if you were under the mammoth
there'd be a flank okay I'll take my
bonus action here then and I'll show
some points of damage
yeah hit the mammoth on it's very large
testicles with the butt end of your
stick causing it to quiver in pain and
were about to face whatever just hit it
in the balls and it will I'll move my
guy to the back sir thank you thank you
this jump Locke was sure to fail but at
least he's not a beta male
all right we are we're gonna stomp on
you lock yeah the mammoth is just gonna
pick up one Bigfoot and try and crush
you under it while blowing loudly from
its trunk oh it will hit you for 34
damage jobs man it just crushes lock
into a little puddle at its feet captain
barb oh I'm gonna killed the mammoth
back your first attack has advantage 25
is a hit for 12 and 20 is a hit for 11
so 23 damage to the mammoth bringing it
to almost dead Midori look no please
kill it Midori hey I'm gonna do a
guiding bolt 15 will hit for 10 points
of radiant damage bringing the mammoth
down it toddles it wobbles it falls to
the ground barbell give me a dc-10
acrobatics check to roll gracefully off
of the falling mammoth no problem he
rolled to the side I'm gonna run to my
friend Locke and attempt to sure Jerell
don't know anything before he gets there
though right I'm good to go alright give
us a medicine check barb oh why should
wait for midoriya then because she has
her things
oh she has her kit does she have a Kenny
uh-huh he was yes good would you like to
use it of course a note is this a you're
healing him or a you're healing him cuz
there's more death Clara can't I didn't
think about that
Oh minutes ago immediately okay I don't
want to lock together yet so accomplish
in life still young in a full life such
a waste to let that we do a full rest
short res all right here you are the man
meth is dead before you the kobolds are
dead or driven back you wait a few hours
for the Sun to go down by then walk is
awake badass long act make your signal
for the boat I wouldn't want to take a
mammoth paw yeah is there anything you
want to discuss before the boat arrives
the mammoth the ivory is a worth a lot
I'll grab the tusks also I am astounded
upon standing up the Midori didn't kill
me I didn't think she would actually
bring me back so I'm keeping that in the
back man do I have 1 hp right now or 0
and you're it's ok wait wait I'm sorry
what did you say Lily is your opinion of
me like a little better now
uh-huh we'll see what happens we'll see
if we get out of here alive and then
I'll think about it next time just make
the jump block it's so easy yeah okay
cut ha ha
welcome will cut off the tusks and take
em I guess with all the other animal
parts we're collecting I guess we've got
a portable zero Hoss mm-hmm yep
can I see Chen to the bear given the
mammoth yes you can feed Chad you can
feed the mammoth to Chad oh can I try
and cut off mammoth fare - I'm assuming
that's also valuable yeah are you
cutting off leg I'll just like we're
like a no like a like a section of hide
for like I'm assuming woolly mammoth
Hayate is valuable I mean it's probably
a great coat so yeah I'll take it out
like the amount that you would need for
a coat
survival to cut it and that's fine you
take a bunch mammoth how much is each
mammoth tusks my god no idea like wait
I'm sorry that's what I was asking that
price I'm guessing we're gonna put him
on the boat not hold him mmm let's see
the heaviest elephant tusks ever weighed
was a hundred and two kilos yeah we're
probably not quite there we're probably
around like a hundred thirty or forty
kilos so let's just call it sixty pounds
per tusk yeah sixty pounds per tusk I
can't carry either of these
I mean we're gonna put them on the boat
assuming the boats coming okay sure all
right yeah we can put them on the boat
all right the boat does arrive that
evening when Gerald makes his lit gnome
appear on the hillside it makes a sound
it makes this that's the sound it makes
and sure enough your boat arrives with
your little with your friendly boat
captain what Oh My yes okay so are we on
the boat waiting for the other guy so
the other guy pulls up cruise on over
you you gettin your little skiff and you
row out there dump some people off row
backs to get all the extra crap that you
brought with you and head back to his
full boat and make your way back to the
mainland away from the talons like
hoarders yes you are
and anyways see we just take and on your
voyage back we're bringing our little
mammoth go or a little uh yeah but he
does look at those ivory tusks and says
says what the long low whistle like
weird the hell did you get yourself some
mammoth tusks I killed a mammoth we kill
the mammoth oh yeah they help well you
probably don't know where who where to
sell that do you I would be happy to be
your middleman on this and any other
obscure loot that you've picked up you
want compensation for that that's what a
middleman is a middleman midori you sell
it to me quick and easy and I'll do all
the hard work of getting the most value
out of it mmm as he offers a price can I
have an insight check to see if he's
like if I feel like he's being fair yeah
give me an insight check he's definitely
being fair 100 percent for all that
stuff he will look at the mammoth tusk
we got 60 pounds of mammoth tusks
well 120 pounds oh good okay he will
offer you a flat 350 gold for the
mammoth tusks what about all the bird
stuff the rock stuff he's not sure about
what's gonna pay him a couple of checks
to see pecans properly evaluate that
stuff those are less common than ivory
he doesn't know what to do with the
talons or the feathers but he will
definitely take the beaks can I try to
convince him with a deception check that
like the feathers and the talons are can
I try to cast prosthetic nation on you
can see it right press as much tea dig
dig it dig it sedation fresh tick digit
patient there you go I want to castle on
the tusk to make them look cleaner as
like and like nicer and shinier as
Barbeau negotiates you clean up the
tusks magically as he's talking about
him yeah it's probably good and Barbeau
you want to deceive him into knowing
into telling him that they're just as
valuable as the beaks
uh yeah because go for it rocks are
super brass oh yeah oh yeah all right
yeah you know what that makes sense I
get probably I don't know what they're
worth sure who's interested in the ten
pounds of iron ahem - [ __ ] yeah I'll
take the iron wait I don't have that
iron to crack better weapons for us if
we take those two or is it yeah if you
ring we get on to it okay so he'll give
you 350 for the mammoth tusks and you do
another 150 this is all in Gold's not a
copper another 150 for all the rock
stuff we want we want a little bit more
gold for the math test because they're
higher quality
because they're shy nee look at how
brand-new they are and and and from a
perfect man that they are can we just
ask for five fifty total oh how about
600 for everything it makes it nice and
easy to split between us 500 divides
between four just as easily as 600 no
anyway why roll I need him to roll for a
math check okay I don't think he could
do that in his head he's a sailor this
guy's a sailor he's not a [ __ ]
engineer he gives you the I'm trying to
be a middleman between you I know how to
do math guys like come on we're all
gonna make a lot of money here I think
600 girls fair we all stand to make some
money on here 500 seems fair this is our
first time man lets us to be hard to
find plus I just did you a solid and got
you on and off this island come on we
paid you for that no you didn't you know
what is a token of goodwill I think 500
is fine friends of white we're all good
we want to be on good terms and love
each other extends a hand to shake on
the deal
perfect I'm sorry at first but okay so
500 gold / he'll give you the cash when
you land back on the beach / 4 is 125
each alright we should probably buy
Midori some plate mail maybe yeah okay
hold on I'm going to delete from
inventory 24 talons Rock Peaks bundle of
rock feathers okay yeah get rid of all
your rock stuff and replace it with cold
hard cash okay one honey when I have a
piece 125 a piece I have added it's mine
the next morning you will arrive in pur
Nisus your captain here your your
smuggler chef is his name hasn't been
home since you guys have left he's been
hanging out on the water just waiting
for your signal and as you guys are
arriving he slows the boat down a little
bit and says well this does not look
good
flags are up think Colonels having
tennis back
what's the problem they're gonna be
extra Scouts at sea or something are
they gonna question us when we come back
waiter where we right right now clearly
oh you are on your way to produce this
you're like in the water this town has
come into view and he's like noticing
the flags that are flying in the harbor
and the flag that the the lord of the
manor is in town is flying high do
people usually like check the boats when
they come into port all right there's a
harbor master who will check the things
there and you guys left early in the
morning to try and dodge some of these
measures he's getting a little nervous
now that you're coming back you know his
job was to get you in and out without
anyone noticing that you were coming in
or out
now surely there's a beach to the north
or south that we can dock out and we can
make even with our rowboat
right yeah so he will take you outside
of town and drop you off on the North
Shore and then bring his boat in by
himself before he does that can we burn
him about um bring in the mammoth tusks
and all that because that indicates that
he was near the talons which is probably
yeah I got you why don't you doing the
winches well and I'll pay you your cash
there or for this good these goods okay
you there this afternoon this evening
yeah all right he drops you off and
heads back out oops
and you guys can head on into town on
ground uh would we have been able to
heal on the boat since it's like a day
journey you do still have a Yeti with
you all right
[Music]
what we're gonna get to in a moment my
[ __ ] is broken quite boo what the [ __ ]
natural tan on that first roll it's
great and then two ones in a two well
you know welcome bad days gerald not
yeah my shits back to you Cooper
yeah I'm sorry sorry a little bit bad
rolling okay so we are in the process
right now we're walking back to that
town they're walking back to town and
yetis coming along beside you clamoring
for more food and you're feeding a
little scraps here and there can I cut
some fare off of them too kind of hot
here isn't it Aziz as he's eating food
I'd like to take some fur off of him to
like kind of clean his coat so he
doesn't die of heat exhaustion and
Prentiss knows he's used to the freezing
cold so yeah we're not that far north is
he really is it really that much of a
difference it is the cold on the talons
is NaN not abnormal yeah oh wait can I
guess I'm gonna pop my second win I'm
sorry can I do that before resting and
then get it back because I get it back
after a short rest yeah yeah okay well
we're in furnaces can I can cast like a
illusion to make him look like a big cat
or something more acceptable a big
bipedal cat yeah I could make it'd I
yeah okay I'll make him into a a kid am
i able to cut us four slightly very
awkward kid you can't start to cut his
fur I actually have a player who played
as they shaved Yeti who tried to blend
in with human society once what a weird
what are you gonna say Midori we're
shaving Chad it's a little Todd here for
Chad oh yeah oh here we go every time
that I every time I try to make a
decision you're gonna ring up but yep
you're gonna bring up blue are you well
I'm very torn about yeah what would you
like to do can I cut can I get while
they're fighting I woke up and I
mentioned to Midori hey you know what I
really appreciate what you did for you
back there you look like you could use a
break so I'll get you a drink tonight if
you want when I continue walking on all
right Midori I you're right I should
have ran it by you we will shave the
Yeti but next time just ask me first
it's not your Yeti it's our Yeti it's
our Yeti you're right I mean you didn't
have everything rate that is that's my
fault
and I'm genuinely mister
extremum maybe I can make it up to you
by dinner sorry what did you say I
messed up I would like to make it up to
you tonight with dinner anything you
want anywhere you want
I would but lock already asked me out
for a drink sorry maybe next week I'll
try something a bit in my schedule okay
anyway uncle shaved chat if you want all
three of you taking inspiration that was
amazing thank you shave the head II
mostly and using illusion spell and come
into town from the north side early
afternoon in the town you see the whole
army appears to be here there are
soldiers everywhere there's cavalry
cruising around racing each other back
and forth there's drunken soldiers
hanging out in the town square it's a
bustling bustling place today make your
way to the winches whale and sure enough
chef is there and he kind of gives you a
nod towards real quick-like as we go in
I think before we entered the town maybe
a short discussion I think it would be
wise for us to travel kind of separately
and then maybe we can meet up at the
edge of town tonight so that we can
depart yeah go with you look no I got
like come like separately completely one
by one or order just stay apart I mean
like if it because there's what we're
wanted all four of us are in the more
one person should be with the gnome
because of the guy right who the gnome
remember the gnome incident where the
guy got [ __ ] he already killed one no
I'm gonna be traveling as a gnome I am a
nice old man named Jerry Ettrick all
right and you're doing that with a
silent image right persistent trip right
so you can you keep that up while you
keep up the Yeti one
well yeah I could I can do yeah I can
it doesn't require concentration so okay
right yeah not with me it's mom Stan
wait a minute you don't say you see him
and just left it with
yeah come tonight yep you didn't want to
go to dinner yeah that's your turn with
the child obviously I'm not here I'm not
equipped to handle children Midori you
saw what happened the last time I had
ours maybe you should hold it yeah fine
I will good so she's got a date tonight
and you're saying that she's got
childcare duty as well yeah yep we make
choices and we live with them that's
right baby the spell shop I'm gonna
follow the gnome I'm gonna hang out with
them I'm an old man I'll be the old man
and the young sailor make it into the
town no problem lock the warrior in the
dented armor because you'll probably
have to get it undead too didn't get
stepped on by a mammoth makes it into
town no problem Midori the cleric of
death walking with the partially shaved
Yeti get stopped by the guards
unsurprisingly on her way into town
there's a couple of soldiers who come up
to you and go excuse me ma'am what the
[ __ ] is that thing this is my child do
you have a problem your child it looks
like an animal
yes are you discriminating he was born a
little different listen I'm on some
urgent duties right now I have to go
she's a Claire Claire they look at the
cleric of death they look at the child
who's born a little different my help
and as a cleric I couldn't leave him in
bad hands you understand this right
child will be bit are you treated you'll
trip me because it's child's a little
different no no ma'am no no I'm sorry
please let me pray oh please please come
through please I'm sorry I'm sorry
let's go Chad all right you make it into
town you encounter much harassment over
your child with you but you can make it
all the way to the inn with lots of
people giving looks outright pointing
and laughing some people even throw
what's the medieval equipment of a soda
can
like an empty tomato yeah it's made o or
whatever they like a pepper that they're
just eating while they're walking down
the street will you draw your character
with the soccer mom cut Lilly
bit by bit you all arrived together at
the wenches whale chef is in here and he
gives you like a wave to Rosetta the
owner and bartender of this place and
disappears upstairs and here you are
what's the gnome doing did he he went to
a spell shop right I was gonna I mean I
was gonna go to the spell shop before I
got here but I could also come after
this encounter I know we can do that
beforehand that's fine so you head over
to the magic shop in town you were this
is the place that you were last time
they had the pimple-faced young boy
right well it had the old man that
quoted me the spell for invisibility but
I couldn't afford it I know now I'm an
old guy but that's fine I can explain
right so you arrived back at the magic
shop and once again the young lads
behind the table and he sees you come in
and goes closer what can I do for you
today oh hello my boy is the owner of
the shop in yes the hold on he goes back
and brings out the old man who comes out
leaning heavily on a stick and says I've
returned it's it's Jerry from before
about the advisability I've grown quite
old since he last saw me Oh mister
addict have you been playing with haste
spells have you yes yes I'm afraid so
it's somehow bad be taller to magic is a
stretch
yes yes I believe I know that one hold
on how does it go and he starts mumbling
the words to a spell
casting something at you though
so the invisibility remember kind of
gives a nod as his spell is going off is
if you fireball me I'm actually gonna
blow up his entire shop okay that
doesn't even matter we don't even did me
but we don't need to make any checks you
cast a spell and the illusion around you
fizzles it just falls to pieces and
there you stand a lone oh oh oh much
better mister assic much better now what
can I do for you yes yes you fixed me
I'm very surprised at your at your
ability to drop that guy's your skill
you are quite wise yes yes it certainly
eludes me how you looks like that mmm
very strange indeed now on to the spell
that we that I was to buy and read
illusion yes I believe I had some qualms
and initially offering this to you you
seemed like a bit of a rapscallion and
doubly so now that I see through to who
you are oh not at all
that was a spell we said to make vanish
so that good friends around the land
would not be banished let me ask you
then good good gnome if you had to
choose between saving the life of an
innocent man or going against the word
of your leaves Lord what would you do
mm I mean it's nice if you had to go if
you had to choose to save the life of a
young man in to go against the if you
had to go against the word of your
leaves Lord to save the life of a young
man or to follow your leaves Lord and
let him die
what would your decision be what's a
liege lord the person's like your your
monarch like your Lord the person I love
gotta feel well truth be told and it has
been it it's quite bold but I suspect I
would do as I was told and follow the
liege lord
- whatever unfolds I see well that's an
understandable situation
you see if we were going to if we were
going to complete something and have
honor
then we must follow what we commit to
even if it means we're gonna be a goner
yes no am I think you misheard him I
think he's talking about killing an
innocent and following a tyrant or not
you would you wouldn't do that
I we're best friends right like he is
the member of a city thank you I like a
whisper too to debar look he's the
member of a city um thank you that he
would not appreciate this answer pretty
okay it didn't sound like the guy was
too pleased by it I'll whisper back like
it didn't sound like he was too pleased
with your answer maybe it's time to
recant can I do an inside check into
what he thinks right now before I do
anything else yeah give me a check see
what his face says should I do it - yeah
I got no [ __ ] clue
you guys got dumber damn I'll just
whisper Danny just yeah look mr. gnome
you've you've lied to me about your
appearance
I believe you're lying to me about your
name Jerry
Patrick please that is his name search
engine of course I don't feel confident
in telling you a spell like this and it
seems like that would be a poor decision
troublemaker like you would probably get
into no end of mischief and you know
what happened in this town recently a
young gnome was beaten to death for
pretty much nothing I fear giving you
the spell would would only end your life
could save his life it would save my
life for I would be getting out of the
strife of whatever cost the gnome his
life would you not think that I was in
danger as I know myself think you'd get
into danger with it
I think your penchant for adventure is
greater than your desire to do good and
I don't trust you young gnome
not one bit I'd like to buy a spell hmm
well so be it then I suppose that will
be our squall maybe someday I'll come
back with fireball you believe I have
that spell available venturing parties
you know they're due they're prone to
get dangerous and violent at later
points in their life and you're the
source then maybe maybe we should just
get this over with now Oh Oh quite
wonderful yes a change of mind
yes that's what I find I suspect no and
no adventurers that I know will be
inclined to do anything now aligned
right right let me go get it for you
and he goes and fetches a scroll back
behind the counter and behind through a
back door brings it out to you it says
right 200 gold pieces please yes of
course that was agreed upon I shall give
you the gold all that was told and I
actually hand over the Tudor gold
excellent he hands over to you this
scroll tied with the bow
uh can I verify that invisibility first
yep you can undo it take a look at it
it's invisibility right there okay yeah
then I give them 200 gold hand a big
pouch excellent thank you come again
goodbye I will well do business again
soon and thank you for this spell it
shall be a boon hmm all right I walk out
with Barba but not before putting up my
illusion again of the old man
perfect and everyone finds themselves at
the winch's whale later that
afternoon it is the rowdy tavern over
here who's that guy he no he is not here
and if you ask around he has not been
back since
who is can I can I have picked up that
book or asked the owner of the bar if
that book was sent here yeah you go over
behind the counter she has a notepad for
you with all deem important translations
that you guys needed as well as the gold
from that chef promised you so you guys
get paid and you get your notes let me
pull them up for you right here what are
we what time is it right now
in-game yeah ok I'll take it upstairs to
my ribbon and I'll start perusing sure
how long do you peruse that accuracy I
guess I'll let Midori know then she can
cover knock on my door when she's ready
to drink so until then okay Sarah way to
like intimidate my Yeti son to not act
out yeah that's a short-term solution
but it will work in the short term
you're gonna abuse our son do you think
kindness listen don't tell me how to
parent my own son okay you forfeit your
right as a parent when you killed our
other son is it possible they can you
win them over with like kindness or how
do these work in business or children
like you've never met a Yeti you have no
idea how a lot of yetis so if you want
some parenting tips Midori hundred
percent of the yetis you've met have
died okay think about it
I am giving you notes via discord
Stephen I just formatted correctly
because discord won't take bullet points
am i able to peruse the notes with them
area do this alone
I'll knock on the door and ask him if
he's boiling today yeah or I can share
with us tonight because I imagine role
separated still mistake was the Yeti
acting up no I'm just how do you deal
with this in the future I'm just I'm
just giving him a life of suffering
he'll never do it anyway yeah he's about
to kill the Yeti so the notes say the
crown when worn by an ax tuned by by a
person and attuned to a specific item
the wearer of the crown is subject is a
subject of the whole weight of the item
okay
don't read these okay cool I'll share
what I want to share later perfect
perfect cool so I'll let you read that
the rest of the party arrives lock it is
upstairs hanging out the three of you
are down here the bar is a hop and joint
even more packed than before I don't
even think you guys can find a room at
this table I think it's standing room
only at the bar for you your yeti using
your bye lots of people are looking
giving it awkward glances yeah you ever
seen a Yeti before I don't need you to
defend me okay it's not defending you
it's defending my son's Midori I'm not
defending you I could care less about
you okay
no I'm gonna stand near my Yeti I'm
calling this one blue would you like
your some cuts for your little friend
there yeah please I'd love to feed my
son thank you yeah I'd like your most
expensive raw meat on a separate plate
no yeah she might not be able to afford
it
you always do this in public she might
not be able to afford the expensive ones
but I would also like she's expensive
lighter
okay obviously not because you're asking
for Jessie yes sigh okay um you might
want to be nicer to a cleric of death
I'm not afraid of trust me I've seen her
in combat it's not a big deal
the bartender walks away all right what
about you Gerald what are you doing here
are you worried that someone's gonna
recognize you from before I'm the old
man geriatric so no fears whatsoever I'm
holding my staff and I'm just kind of
standing near the party just like
looking and yeah and I'm gonna order a
nice bowl of soup
excellent now the image that you have
the illusion of jerry is as a full-size
human or as like a gnome sized human
it's a huge it's a full size T event son
how do you eat when the illusion of your
head is up there but your actual head is
that like your illusions that leave your
crotch I'm sitting down and I'm hunched
real far over because I'm old so I have
it so I had like that kind of like hunch
and like and trembling on the spoon
mm-hmm a little bit of Parkinson's in
there just yeah quite a bit yeah keeps
dropping it onto his crotch keeps I got
another one Oh oh my I can't feel it
down there anymore
Oh God and yes it's got stuff all right
I think we're just waiting yeah we're
just waiting for him to catch up on the
notes and bring them back I think I'm
gonna you're cut up all right so the
party reconvenes in the tavern I asked
to see the notes like the papers
themselves I mean I can
Thanks I will PM you the same thing IPM
Tim uh and then after I'm done with my
soup oh hello friends uh I would like to
may I have a read of that see what I can
find out
I'll pass to him I can just be
understood if that's fun for them yeah
well thank you kindly young man now it's
what we have with the plan everyone
reviews the notes I'll just set the
scene a little bit here in this bar
which is normally sort of the the lower
common side of things the ruffians the
farmers the street urchins now it's
filled with soldiers sailors money of
them from the farms and villages in the
surrounding Outlands the Destro's plains
which around here there are quite a few
people in uniforms there are a few
officers over on the lower right table
and the rest of emerges and a mismatch
of soldiers and give me some perception
checks party to see if you can overhear
anything today in the tavern damn it the
double row lovely 21 13 all right so mr.
Mouton you over here this story about
this fleet that was sent out a while ago
it was sent from pernicious and bomb
Paris which is the next town of the
coast and it was headed to Aires on to
invade it and conquer everything and the
whole fleet just like vanished overnight
no one knows where it went it was
supposed to start sacking at white shore
it was last spotted just near Lyra and
is just gone somewhere in that section
of water no siren ear the talents or no
Lyra is
north of the talents there's like Lyra
and Valar all next to each one with the
fleet who command the fleet what kind of
army was it your it was a kisi in fleet
you didn't catch a name of who was in
charge but like I don't share that
information all the best soul all the
soldiers that were ready like
immediately got sent out to try and get
an edge on the war by getting there
first and we just vanished without sight
yeah share with the party sure Midori
you hear that there has been a trouble
in a kuba it's a kingdom far to the west
and to the north it seems that I should
say a kuba is ruled by these 13 families
in a fairly complicated legal system and
it appears that a couple of the other
families there have been making some
negotiations and deals with the people
of dreck asst specifically some of the
lesser Nobles of dreck is behind the
Kings back and you can hear the guards
that you're overhearing is one of the
people that was standing outside the
room as these are kuba nobles we're
talking with these dry kisi and Nobles
oh you don't hear that then nevermind
sorry I should have said something
before you started explaining it but I
want to interrupt you take it take her
inspiration from her
what I've heard that though Neal nope
scrub your ears don't hear it what what
is the gnome here you got a 13 you you
hear solute soup we needed 15s for
rumors I love soo
hmm um all right I'll ask Locke what he
thinks that we should do after reading
these papers I mean we should robably
start making our way through these towns
and investigating yeah should we send
word back to our friend worried about
what about how we have a crown I'm not
sure if we should tell anyone we have
this yet okay oh good fair all right so
you guys just gonna pass the day in the
night here um yeah we'll pass the day
yeah oh we have some extra time I'm
gonna study invisibility to make sure
I'll grab that yeah that'll be it's good
it's a second level spell so it'll take
two days to learn so yalda spend a bit
like this time doing it we'll do the
rest later cool that night as things are
getting on towards evening and getting
towards their more reilly points the
doors burst open night stands in the way
with a couple of heavily armed guards
and they shout for silence whole place
gets quiet and the night steps forward a
little more saying good everybody listen
up we're on the lookout for a cleric of
Martha that is wanted for murder
yes I know cleric of life wanted for
murder
ironic thing you see a half-elf cleric
of Martha please bring her to us more
importantly capture her if possible
she's a dangerous one she's wanted for
the murder of a servant and for lord
tavington son's murder I'll kind of try
and step in front of Midori to shield
her like oh [ __ ] yeah it gets quiet in
the tavern and then he raised his hand
says that is all and they walk out
slowly the bar picks itself back up I'm
gonna like put my hair over my ears just
in case you know yeah I
like them yeah otherwise didn't know
what should know the evening continues
maybe an hour later a different person
comes in and starts walking around this
is another officer walking around
looking to having ttan no not tavington
you've never seen this person
sorry I meant like do they have like a
tavington like hell as do all the other
soldiers here this person is going
around looking at everyone individually
like sizing them up taking a careful
gander I'll take my other person cool I
guess that's it the rest of the night
passes without too much trouble and we
can go to the morning and you guys can
head out that's one more day of rest
that's one way Midori didn't come to me
to get our drinks I thought that was
supposed to happen tonight yeah she
didn't really speak up though well let's
let's head back Midori you meet up with
Locke for a drink later
wait Christ I knock on Captain barbosa's
door I'll open it
hello am i doing hello captain by bus
she's about to stick me with the kid
yeah what's up Midori I'm willing to let
bygones be bygones I need you to look
after Chad for one night I can't
actually I have I can't I do have fun
you don't have friends you don't have
plans we're the only people you're one
night after killing off blue okay no
he's upstairs in the bar where we were
all staying or whatever yeah yeah you're
bringing oh yeah okay yeah no I I walked
by because I hear them shouting at each
other I hear the ruckus and I see them
arguing at the door at ice and I say out
to Midori hey you can bring the Yeti
along we actually had a couple of these
back at my family's house and they're
actually great defense to play with
stuff you can tag along it'll be fun
thank you finally I can
one guy can hang you sorry for
interrupting captain bad no it's okay
and I'm gonna I was actually just
leaving so I'm gonna grab my and I'm
gonna walk out money can't bring your
ex-boyfriend back can't lock dad's still
dead Midori you can't replace him I'd
lock your doors while you sleep tonight
Captain Barbossa oh don't worry I'm not
afraid of you shall I go all right what
I don't know the last thing your both
fight okay go lock oh yeah let's go we
can grab a drink oh we can head to the
outskirts of the city and hang out for a
little bit okay
you guys head you grab a drink or two
and head to the outskirts of the city
it's quiet it's nice there are all sorts
of campfires out in the plains from all
the tents that are gathered here as the
soldiers are returning what's new any
doing coiba it's snacking on whatever
food at hands then I'm like constantly
feeding himself it's also licking the
spots where it doesn't have fur anymore
yep all right yeah I guess we're like
out in a clearing then and then I'm just
talking to Midori have you ever actually
had a pet Yeti before it seems like an
odd choice of creature for someone like
you I'll be honest it's really stressful
the only reason I keep him around is it
reminds me of the late Chad
maybe it was my mistake you know
attaching such an emotional meaning
towards it maybe I might find a might be
a good idea to find a home for a
creature like this when these things get
older they turn into monsters I don't
disagree with you but I'm afraid I'm
getting too attached to it right now
where what place would accept homeless
Yeti children I mean I imagine if they
were I've never seen a tamed Yeti before
but I imagine if they were to use
something like this it would be for some
sort of combat purpose so you said in
your youth in your household that you
used to
play with yetis is that true did you
just say that no I had a family of my
family enjoyed hunting quite a bit and
one day when they came back from a trip
they brought two yetis with them and we
kept him around for a little bit because
our father led us but we had to release
them pretty quickly after because he
warned us that when they get older they
become very untamed very unkempt as
children they're fun but as older
creatures they are monsters chaotic
beasts of chaos and terror
yeah father took us out and he made us
release them and then they ran off and
we never saw you there again I think it
was very caring of you to take in those
two yetis to begin with um yeah I mean I
guess so we had fun with him
speaking of caring Midori I wanted to
talk I wanted to tell you that I really
appreciate you picking me up back there
I really didn't think you'd do it okay
all this time we've been fighting and
we've had our odds but it'd be nice if
you can get along from now on right yeah
I mean if you continue on this path I
think maybe you're on your Redemption
arc right now do you really still feel
the same call to the god of death that
you used to you can't disagree that
death is just a natural part of life
though right when someone's time is here
it's here it's inevitable I'm just here
to ease the passing okay Midori I'm
accepting you more and more every day
just trying to ease my death anytime
soon okay or ease me into an early one I
won't walk I promise okay
Hank give her a hug I'm done I'm out of
here during this time could I um go do
something yeah what are you doing um I'd
like to see if I can go find that
officer who is looking for the cleric of
light I'd like to obviously sneak around
and see if I can find listen up a lot of
people are looking looking for the
cleric mm-hmm so you can find you're
looking for specifically that I'm
looking for this specifically that
officer who came in and announced it so
I'm guessing that they're probably not a
person out anymore on like doing like
foot work to like find them I'm guessing
that they're in probably a officers
building or something like that
there is an officer's tent on the
outskirts of town near the tavington
estate itself could I attempt to go
there and see if I can uh sure
there's a small barricade set up around
the tents just to keep the riffraff out
and there's a couple of guards on the
front and they will ask you as you're
approaching oh I would be sneaking by
okay you want like sneak through the
barricades then yeah if possible okay
are you aware of the consequences of
sneaking through military barricades oh
yeah I'm very away Oh give me a stealth
check or you die and we will give our
handy dandy guards on Lookout or making
constant active substance check
your perception is +2 okay you slip over
the barricade in between the spikes
close to the ground it is a half moon
night so you can make it in without too
much trouble no one seems to spot you as
you get past the first set of barricades
and right up towards where the tents are
there's some supply wagons stacked
outside and you can hear voices inside
chatting the flat yeah do I see um as I
look around do I see anywhere that I
would think would be like an amazing
hiding spot to like listen in a little
bit I'm assuming that there's probably
like barrels about or something when
they could get into and climb into yeah
under one of these wagons right next to
the tent would be a perfect spot you can
even put your ear like under the tent
flap and I'd also like to look for a way
out like if I needed to - cuz I have a
little I have a lot of movement I can uh
the fastest way it was right through the
barricade that you came in okay so yeah
I'd like to okay should I'd like to
listen in for a little bit okay give me
a perception check for your
eavesdropping how well can you overhear
them from your lead to give you
advantage because you're right up next
to the 1016 it's a thin tent so I'm just
gonna give you a gist of what they say
rather than going back and forth with
the dialogues that'll take too long
it seems that major tavington Sartre
colonel tavington has a pet mage that
has used a some sort of spell to see the
last moments of the death of his son and
his assistant and this is how they found
out that there's a cleric of life that
they need to go find who's a half elf
that seems to be the only information
they don't really seem to know about any
of these other figures it's just the
half elf look for the traditionally
there has been a gnome who threatened to
blow up the town with a fireball spell
that is what
and all gnomes are currently under
arrest and there are a few what we call
them plainclothes officers on the
lookout through the town looking for
half-elves clerics of Martha which they
feel awkward about because thirst of
Martha are generally fairly good people
and so does it sound like they're
questioning it that maybe it's like a
cleric of something else
no they're confident it's a cleric of
Martha but they just feel queasy about
asking them all and then also on the
lookout for a random know who's armed
dangerous the jig is up do you they only
say a No oh yeah they do say no do they
say because I'm guessing that the
shopkeeper probably told them that he
was also in disguise like a man an old
man so they talk about that I'm assuming
right they didn't they say it was a
spellcaster no God okay I'd like to look
for the perfect opportunity because I
have been known as see if I can get the
perfect opportunity to like slip out
unnoticed yeah you can see wait for the
guards to be looking the other way yeah
give me one more stealth check to slip
out perfect you make your way out of
barricade and back to the tavern no
problem
cool okay the party can reconvene the
next morning I will share that with the
party like everything I heard the party
gets together the next morning I take it
could I
geriatric is with us geriatric is now a
a small but different child slightly
slightly different child with a I'm a
little kid and I'm wandering around I've
got a silly hat on a real nice red hat
and I'm just hanging around the party as
we um as I sure the information I'd like
to say oh wait you guys were out on your
date I went and found some information I
was useful so what information did you
find that was useful
I will recant what you told so that a
bunch of us are wanted for crimes we
already know that that's what we're
traveling separately mainly the big one
is that our gnome friend is currently
under pretty much lock and key anybody
that is a gnome they are taking and
questioning so yes thank you much that
information comes in quite clutch now I
only know that that shopkeeper can't be
trusted anymore I mean if you guys are
walking around threatening shopkeepers I
wouldn't imagine any of them
you guys don't put me in with that this
was the gnomes doing listen now I have a
really powerful spell so it's just as
well okay
don't be frightened well either you
should probably cut that out cuz oh yeah
you're right okay
thank God where are we going now party
I'm gonna sound like a kid lock why
would you like to do um how so
we know of a city in Arcadia called
fortune yes lock you would know this
let's take a look at the big world map
and go all the way over to arendelle
Marth east yeah yeah that's he's not
from fortune he's from west of here
right right right he's from this rock
southeast of here okay yeah so era dawn
has sort of been overrun that bunch of
demons appeared out of nowhere somewhere
in Shire brook kind of like literally
just all of a sudden places getting
overrun with demons and most of era Dawn
has been wrecked the country's sort of
falling apart there's small pockets that
are holding together but pretty much
self East era Don is missing just like
destroyed and damaged fortune escaped
the worst of the war fortune has been as
the county seat of this big-ass County
that controls all the plains here it is
run by a lord named count vicious his
family line has been ruling this place
for generations upon generations it's a
very old family they don't really do
much they don't get out they just kind
of hang out in the plains and hang out
in their town are they generally the
kind no they're cold and standoffish
they're sort of like the
Planes equivalent of hillbillies that
don't want anyone coming into their
territory so do they have a wall like
outsiders there's a tat wall around the
town yeah they don't like outsiders
they're very suspicious very against
immigrants got it is this the closest
one out of the ones that we read about
in our thing yeah the two that are
marked solemn our way across the sea
like a couple of months journey to get
there and that's a completely different
continent which has been under war for a
while now this is probably a month a
week or twos journey to get to fortune
yeah couple weeks so why are we keyed on
to go in there sorry
so in the book okay so we have the crown
of domination but this this item on its
own is worthless we need a secondary
object in order to manipulate this one
which is the Philosopher's Stone yeah
why it's notes are trustworthy it seems
that they are thinking that this stone
can be found in either fortune tides
and/or Vailsburg there's also an airship
listed here but it doesn't seem like he
was able to figure out why the airship
was listed or if they were planning on
hiding the stone in an airship or
something but Locke I think we should
return this crown to Wyatt for
safekeeping because if they catch us
with it on our journey
pretty much everything would be belly-up
but if they catch us with it and we're
dead anyway
doesn't it not matter cuz the story's
over I mean at least why it would have
it to continue on with the righteous
yeah we completely trust Wyatt I mean I
would think so at this point right he's
given us all this information towards
interesting him I mean he's put us on a
couple of jobs right and then he's but
we notice to this crew I mean it just
seems like he's a do-gooder right yeah
but but do you want to give our most
powerful artifact to a guy that just
like seems like a good dude
I mean it's worthless to us right now
what can we do with it like it I I trust
in our ability to keep this safe I think
that right now we seem to be the only
ones making any progress on the ground
anyway I mean we we're the only ones
they're able to recover this object
before any wives plan or why himself
were able to so
seems like it's most capably held in our
hands I'm sure I think that if we got a
rest or anything that it would be a dead
giveaway but I could also argue that our
party is a dead giveaway so I wanted
posters so I mean I can also change the
crowns look like something else like a
nice gnome hat well possibly but we
shouldn't rely on I wouldn't wear that
we shouldn't rely on cheap tricks or
something to keep us to keep us hidden
from from these types of people we're
dealing with pretty powerful people
there probably be wizards will come up
against it'll see through small
illusions like that because the crown is
it like or is it like a really small
honor just like a crown your head
it would take an insanely powerful
wizard to see through my illusions I
mean that other guy did didn't it
no no he he he dispelled he did did
something else that's the like he had a
very good suspicion but he had he knew
what to look for like he used to spell
magic so he was able to see but another
wizard wouldn't they wouldn't look
unless they knew to look it's not
possible for higher-level wizards to
just know when they're in the presence
of like magical objects I guess I can't
be sure of magic powers and aren't my
own but I can guess that it would be an
incredibly powerful wizard that could do
that I mean if they're on the level of
that vampiress that walked away from us
it's entirely possible yeah that person
kind of probably could but we'd have
some real bigger problems we ran into
someone like that right I mean we just
we know about Billy
right and Billy seemed extremely
powerful as well Billy's within our
within our bosoms
yeah the guard the guard that told me
about his spells I recognized most of
those spells that he could cast and I
don't think many of them were that
strong couldn't cast fireball I'm not
sure it seems like he had what yeah I
don't think you could cast the big one
okay speaking of which how are we know
when we go on the journey I'll ask what
I just want to know how I'm feeling if
I'm feeling like I'm learning are we
wanting to take a week's rest lock
before we head out to UM fortune we can
just take a the journey like we don't
really need to all of us have all of our
spells and everything and they're all
set up no we're close to a level up
anything
yeah we should be Midori right now could
probably do with some better armor and
we've come into a lot of gold recently
maybe we should head someplace where we
can buy some plate mail for him you did
say yeah I believe it did make that
promise and I'm a man of my word so I'll
uphold my end of the bargain
yeah do we get to do a shopping spree
shopping walk well to what what are you
gonna get for Locke Midori a bright red
scarf cringe he's naked then I get a
nice fitted black pants and some new
boots and then pay for a haircut because
he's getting a little scruffy and that's
it oh and can I give them a blue coat
dude what is it with blue shirts and
coats and cloaks they're just beautiful
mister it's just a nice you know color I
think a lot of people walk if we can
pull our money and go get her some plate
mail a plate mail for me
yeah okay wouldn't it be useful for you
Midori I mean sure if you want to get me
one I guess I can't deny a present
anywhere money again it'll help you a
lot where is the closest place we can go
to to get to get plate mail for armor
like this that would be the city the
capital with Ranma and that's where you
can get all the best arms and armor wait
where is this hat oh we have all this
iron lock we should also get this um
made into swords and stuff mm-hmm
wait where is that one place that he
mentioned I didn't see you left what
that's way the [ __ ] out
we're plate now how much it should be
like a class thing at whether or not
you're proficient and armor and heavy
Armour or not and you're wearing scale
mail right now so you have at least
medium armor I don't know armored
shields desk clerks might get heavy
armor did she need 15 strength equipment
no we're using the optional encumbrance
system so we don't go off sorry about
that I have a gmail on with marshal
weapons but not heavy armor what is the
penalty for wearing armor that you're
not allowed to wear
there's gotta be I mean clearly you can
put the armor on right it's not like you
can't figure out how to wear it maybe
more just encumbered or slow really
really really slow no disadvantage um
almost like are we willing to go to
wicked the Renta for this armor for um
well I mean like we could we also should
we could also get new weapons forged
from the iron that we have as well I
know there's dwarves were able to do it
in the northwest are they able to do
that I City well i wicked the renta yeah
i would assume so it's the biggest
capital and then as this capital gonna
be like heavily influenced by like lord
tubbington's people or is this an ax
differently not that's the same kingdom
as you flora tavington is only a colonel
and this is the capital city so he is
sort of small potatoes
in the capital what's above a colonel
like a general yeah okay I mean yeah we
could swing by there if we want oh we
have ten pounds of iron yeah fantastic
so you guys are gonna go pernicious
tilma Renta then defend N and then to
fortune sorry is it iron or is it deal
those are interchangeable for our
purposes thank you I know they're not in
the real world but for Dan deeply as for
Midori just a moment ago if late so
we're going to that big capital city and
then after that we're going to fortune
right that's the current that's their
whole yeah see if you wear armor that
you lack proficiency with you have
disadvantage on any ability check saving
throw or a tack role that involves
strength or dexterity and you cannot
cast a spell so she does like
proficiency in that she does lack
proficiency in heavy armor what if we
just got a gold he'll block go to where
they go homes where if they could
provide everything yeah if it's less out
of the way than sure yeah so what do you
need done in gold hill we just weapons
forged we want weapons forged from our
iron we knew in a bite plate lil mail
for Lily and I guess oh you can't wear
it I need to I don't want to remind you
about I will do I need to remove this
debt for my play mill whenever you get
your weapons forged will take it gets
taken care of if we get our weapons
forged anyway yeah you could get a
fortune in the city no on rent I could
get them forward to defend in your nest
until ooh let me check furnaces see if
they've got weapons Smith's here my last
Victoria are you keen on a scythe like
if I get you a weapon forged out of the
steel sure
what would you what kind of weapon would
you like what's your ideal five knife
safe Oh scythe
okay I'll see what I can do do you want
me to take care of our our Yeti today I
know you've been doing a lot so yeah
yeah sure all right breakfast in
pernicious no you cannot get arms made
and pernicious it's one of the places
that does not have a available arm
Smith's then I assume we'll go to bunt -
you want to go to balm Tharus I think
it's the most on the way to fortune
right yeah yep that would be the plan so
you're gonna take a boat to bomb Paris
and then go from there - fortune is that
okay with the party sure yeah is there
any reason we need to rest first or will
we do that later Claire boo I was gonna
say the next time you get a week to rest
that you could get your level up can we
rest for a week I do you want to rest
for a week and Parnassus where people
are looking for you no excellent we will
sail wait from Ferris you can hop on a
boat it is a one-day journey so someone
pony up for gold for the party or each
person pony up one gold set other thank
you since one day journey is that a
short rest yeah that's a short rest
awesome oh and you'll be taking a long
rest here in Bonn Ferris while you
recuperate from your adventures sort of
reformulate all your plans get any Maps
that you might need to the area you're
probably gonna want information on
what's been happening in arid on and
figure out how to get to that place
because there's not a lot of boats
heading there since the place is
destroyed and desolate so let me some
information gathering and a whole bunch
of other stuff what weapons did you want
made or fixed or changed are we able to
make like a boar say since we're
completely making a new weapon works
life is not a thing okay yeah yeah we're
gonna try and can we get her a
it's an axe well why doesn't she tell me
what weapon she ships rather than you I
just had all the iron sir axis bottle
insights definitely oh okay I'll get an
accent and Midori your stats have been
changing whole long and they are going
to continue to change as you become more
and more closely aligned to this deaf
goddess than the the trickery God that
you had before wait I still can't wait
but yes so let's roll some level up I
see that mr. Mouton has rolled one we do
sir all hit dice right yeah max Midori
are you growing weaker so that I can
grow stronger
are you pizza nope all right so the
party gets a little bit of extra life
almost minimum across the board what
else do we get starting with Gerald what
comes with level 5 for you Joaquin
fireball is what comes with it whoever
[ __ ] fireball how's the food regular
fireball fireball okay fire excellent
balls of fire everywhere smells alright
probably got a pattern and I'll decide
on something else okay my electric and
trips and no extra abilities at fifth
level for wizards thanks because we get
a list of ridiculous spells wreck
everything spells right yes it's finally
time for the wizard to shine boys this
is it I've been waiting all campaign
proficiency bonus plus three instead of
two
oh that means your proficiency bonus is
three and sub two it should upgrade it
should automatically update all of your
stats
things that skills that you're
proficient with do you get your
proficiency bonus two attacks get your
proficiency bonus if you're proficient
with the weapon all sorts of things get
it but generally that means a plus one
to hit for everybody and a plus one on
all your proficient checks and a plus
one on all your profession saves okay I
think it did it automatically when I put
my class level five yeah it does
what else do you get at level five mr.
Rove uncanny dodge what does that do for
I'm starting a little fifth level when
an attacker that you can see hits you
with an attack you can use your reaction
to have the against or have the attacks
damage against you and lock what do you
get at level five
beginning at fifth level you can attack
twice instead of once whenever you take
the attack action on your turn hells
yeah and Midori what do you get at level
five anime dead empiric touch turn
undead destroy ended wait can I just if
I let's say that I have extra attack
okay mm-hmm if I had if I had just
hypothetical but I had that magic sword
would I be able to text six times if I
used action surge you get to with your
main one with the bonus action and then
two more with action serves so you get
five attacks okay with the extra tech
normally though I can attack once use my
the back end of my halberd that's the
bonus action then I just get one more
extra attack okay mmhmm yep okay go just
goes I also get 3 d6 to my stick attack
Oh wonderful please update that on all
of your thingies yeah looking good
the death cleric domain doesn't do
anything special there but you do get
destroyed undead its destroyed to do
wait I don't get these spells I don't oh
you do get spells yes you get spells
from the death demel I'd animate dead
vampiric touch and your channel divinity
destroy Undead starting fourth level
what an undead fails it savings
against your turn on debt feature the
creature is instantly destroyed if it's
challenge rating as at or below a
certain threshold as shown on the table
that's fantastic
great okay so what things do you want to
make or have made here in bond heiress
Lily you find with the actor um is that
the best thing I can use what if it was
just like aesthetic preferences or what
well the question comes down to do you
want to maximize damage output or do you
want to maximize our mouths because if
you take a two-handed weapon you can do
more damage but if you take a one-handed
weapon you can use a shield
I prefer shield okay
so then an axe or a sword it's probably
gonna do the most ad8 weapon dat damage
weapon so a battle axe does d8 Lael does
d8 what's the difference between that
and site of scythe is also one d8 your
site is two-handed relaxed you just get
a shield plus with the play now we're
gonna get you'll have like twenty ACS oh
yeah holy [ __ ] um psyche you choose
between an axe or sword or a war hammer
or a rapier or a morning star or flail
do you want a /t a stabby or a Bashi
weapon flashy yeah so that's definitely
probably an axe probably gonna be your
best slashy weapon or a longsword your
call they're gonna do the same damage at
this point it's just aesthetic this
longsword costs a little bit and weighs
a little bit less a little more sword we
will get you a longsword you guys have
ten pounds of steel so
you're gonna use three pounds of that to
make a longsword and subtract three
pounds please can I make how much for a
halberd six pounds so you'd be down to
one pound of metal no way six pounds for
a halberd yep I don't need to iron I got
my sword weight is the entire weapon
made of iron or is it just the it's just
a head the haft okay so if we don't want
to count the halfway we can probably
bring the halberd down to maybe four
pounds on the head and two pounds for
the stick so four pounds of iron so we
get three left um
I don't need anything just Gerald want
something or do we want to sell this
iron I need I there's a lot of spells I
could use at level of the new level if
you guys want to pitch in for that I
mean there's like game-breaking spells
we can get I was talking about the iron
okay yes sir do you want anything else
with this iron
I mean well real quick so with the steel
with a steel weapon it just does bonus
damage to armored people yes first one
to hit against people in metal armor
just to then control so no damn no
damage right no damrell added correct
okay um can we can use steel to make
armor what does that do it gives you
plus one to AC against non steel weapons
I have three pounds left for you we have
three pounds left that's definitely not
enough for plate male would it be enough
weight did Lily can you use a shield
Midori um how much would tell much still
to make a shield I don't think we're
gonna ply that's the shields because the
shield isn't the same as your armor it's
more of a interposing thing okay yes
just for warned armor I can't think of
anything else we need steel for can I do
we can sell Diane um I feel like we
should hold on to it right this is
pretty hard to come by in this world
maybe we should hold on to it like it's
gonna cross something the future if our
weapons get damaged or something yeah
that's fine I can hold on to it okay
cool so the cost of Midori's weapon is
still going to be high even if you
already have the steel to cover it
it's still gonna cost you like like
forty gold fifty goal to get the short
sword long sword wicked armor a Yeti so
you're taking it what perfect I will
update your character sheet how much is
it
fifty gold it's gonna be thirty percent
more than 50 so 50 times 1.33 so it's
gonna cost you 66 goals for your halberd
Oh for me okay 66 yeah gotcha okay so
now just remember that those against
metal armors which will be most guards
most nights hey is that an easy way to
imitate this on my shooter no no we're
just gonna have to remember it would
there be any way to upgrade the short
sword to be steel as well or no the
magic sword yeah yeah it's already steel
okay cool yeah which is already included
in its +2 to hit yes don't worry about
adding it anywhere um chainmail right
now correct yes can she wear a half
plate medium armor know if pathway is
medium than yes she can female is 14 AC
isn't it wait really
chainmail need to be wearing chainmail
yeah wait a male is heavier that's 16
yeah she was a death clerk so she
temporarily could use heavy armor and I
guess she's losing that right now maybe
shaking like find a good shop and trade
in her for chainmail for a half play I
don't know what the prices are half
plate is 10 times the cost of chainmail
750 750 gold for half plate
I got 180 then wait how much is plate
armor cost 1500 holy [ __ ]
yeah you've got a really good deal on
that plate okay do we want to pitch in
for that or no seven together some are
mo you have to plan how much do we all
have 189 I also have it 189 silver 189
I've got 227 Midori how much 276 and
then Gerald how much do you have 150 660
you need another 90 gold if three iron
to sell that's not quite enough three
pounds of iron actually plugs down to
three times why can't they just sell
this chain Milton what is the next level
down from from a half plate it's way way
way cheaper right it's right just the
breastplate yeah that's 400 would you
decimal cost for not that cheap do you
know okay and then scale Bell is is 50
but that's basically well no no cuz her
she could just take off the she could
keep the shirt of her chain maille and
just have a change shirt and just like
take off the pants in the limbs wait
yeah hold on wait there's literally no
reason to ever buy a breastplate if
we're gonna get her something she wishes
get the scale Mel right what's your a
she going to she disadvantaged on
stealth checks and demands more yeah
okay well this tells checks anyways oh
and Medora is also getting a shield
right that was a thing that you were
buying for her yeah that's what we were
going to write so drop ten gold for a
shield Midori and what are you doing
with your safe you want to sell it keep
it around yeah I'll sell it okay
how much can you sell it for it has a
red ribbon on it that's true that does
up the value you can get to go back for
it
thank you
get rid of your scythe hey it'll be a
pound of iron to make a dagger yes yeah
I'll make it still dagger then how much
would that be
I don't scale seven gold okay will do
plus one to hit that set against metal
armor yes okay so medoras got a shield
she's got a long sword made of steel mr.
Mouton now has a magic short sword and a
steel dagger Locke has a steel halberd
Midori what do you have for armor now
because you got to get rid of your
chainmail we can bring it down to a
change shirt yeah our weight the the
scale male was relatively cheap right
yeah it was like 50 yeah and that I mean
that's 14 AC it's the same as a
breastplate except it's gonna weigh a
bit more and she'll disadvantage of
stealth checks but I mean how often does
a clerk so she can outright exchange her
chainmail for scale male the the amount
that she would get for selling it would
be enough to buy skill male yeah I think
that's an okay no gun for now mmm
scale mail here wonderful and you're
keeping the Yeti fur that you took
yeah what about your ice picks and
harnesses everyone do you still want to
haul that [ __ ] around
toss it harness ice pick sure if you've
get rid of your harness in your ice pick
you can each get back to gold for those
I think the harnesses might be nice to
keep around if we give away all of our
gold for the did we all pitch in an
outdoor e then we can buy your spells if
you wanna are we in like are we in
Vaughan is there a spell shop in bond
tears
take a look
Ferris yes there is a new magic shop
that has recently open to your bond eros
can I go check it out absolutely get our
magic shop soundtrack
all right so you walk into this place it
smells heavily of incense and myrrh and
all sorts of rare furs and weird teas
it's got this like heavy scented area
that sort of assaults your nose as you
walk in behind the counter at the back
of the shop is a short red haired girl
lady maybe I don't know she's in that
like 20s to 30s range makes it hard to
guess her age she's got a broad smile
big kind of chubby cheeks light green
eyes and she gives you a little excited
wave as you walk on in I give an excited
wave back hello my friend
friendly sage I am a fellow mage allow
me to set the stage
have you any spells for sale this day
well what do you say of course we have
spells for you this day
wonderful that's just as well I'm
looking for anything from the third
circle of spells
mm-hmm she will pull up a little index
card that she's got and start flipping
through it and what is your proclivity
um I don't think I understand the
question could you explain it
differently in another session mmm-hmm
there are many spells within the third
circle not all of them are for all
people
do you have something particular in mind
is there someone that's hard to find are
you looking for combat spells or
protection spells
well I travel with a party full of
heroes and quite lately my contribution
has been near zero I'm looking to
attempt to increase my power I'm not
sure if within those spells that you
scour you would find something that I
would be able to increase my and empower
myself
I have a few spells in the darker side
of things or perhaps something to help
my friends so they could not meet their
end mm-hmm you're looking for adventurer
spells well with your enemies to the
nine hells how about and she pulls out a
small note card and start scamming
through it how about some and lesser
demon there in the world these days and
they're easier to bring to us than ever
before summon them straight from arrow
Don and your animal icon um my enemies
would be gone could you pray tell tell
me what is happened in era Don
demons
of nowhere Concord town after town
raised them to the ground first Shire
Brook fell then Thornwood and Misty
Rapids soon new for cauldron anvil and
rain would have all gone down down down
and no one knows why what or where no
such as the nature of demons they appear
out of nowhere and wreak havoc and then
disappear except for these they've moved
north towards plains view in heatstroke
and then sort of disappeared had also
destroyed limestone and tassel and
Pittsburgh I believe sorry what were you
going to say sir gnome Oh has the world
ever seen such a demons flow have they
always caused this kind of well
certainly not in Arcadia so this is
different almost as if the demons are
under some kind of command or maybe
there is something planned
now you're talking conspiracy theories
maybe we meet up tonight and have a nice
long conversation over a couple of
drinks I think we shall I would enjoy
that
my pal
but for now I suppose we should continue
on our spells so what if I told you that
I was going to hell to go help those to
help the battle against the eridan
demons perhaps then there is a spell
that we that could help in any situation
we might find extremes in hmm she looks
at you and makes an insight check on
your face to try and determine what sort
of gnome you really are I'm generally
going to there to help but yeah yeah but
she's got some suggestions that might
not always be aboveboard oh okay well
there's a spell that allows you to see
beyond things through doors through
walls cross rivers or valleys beyond the
woods while not one that will make your
enemies explode it is one that will
always show you the right Road it will
keep you informed of what is near and
what you should steer clear of what you
should steer it is called clairvoyance
surely you are familiar with this I
believe this is one of the most powerful
combat spells or it gives you knowledge
and knowledge is half the battle
definitely so I may have heard of this
spell before if you think it should help
me with my chore I would be glad to
negotiate a price for perhaps
considering that I'm going to go help
with the war you could allow it to be a
discount of a little more are you going
to air them I do believe so we are gonna
go see what demons are causing this well
why don't we meet up for dinner tonight
and talk over
spells over dinner I have a client in
mind who has been looking for someone
headed to arid on there's something he
wishes to find perhaps if you're headed
there already he would have some work
for you and considering his how spell
casting potential hmm well I think the
two of you could become useful to one
another then tonight it is with you I
shall dwell and that is just as well I
think it will be swell she will walk you
out shut the door lock it and head off
and out to the west of town and you can
catch up with her later and I will give
you that information the next time we
play cuz we are running out of time here
awesome alright is there anything else
that you guys want to do before we wrap
up the session this week I think we're
caught up on what stuff right we have
all had a long rest our armor should be
fixed our weapons are all new and
everything right yeah alright everyone's
at full hit dice full HP full spells
your armors been fixtures weapons are
fixed and we're headed to your scorchin
is where we're going your plan is to go
to Fortune but you will be getting an
optional quests at the start of next
week that will possibly lead you in a
slightly different direction as well and
subdue all that stuff okay cool cool
well this has been another episode of
gnomes tomes and catacombs
Lily you want to take us away okay
Steven thanks for joining us tonight
guys I really appreciate it can find on
my stuff at destiny GG and that's all I
got you for now Devon well my friends
it's the end of the show and that means
it's time to go to twitch.tv slash bye
Alexia the best D&D after-show on Twitch
so come on over make the switch we'll
talk about everything that happened in
episode 9 and which characters had the
opportunity to shine so that's it
hope you enjoyed the show you geeks and
we'll see you all next week
go follow my Instagram Instagram to
accomplish destiny there you go uh yeah
go to destiny that GG / sure and go
check out his shirts you can follow me
intercept TV sucks written that's it
and boom boom
globe is zero all over the place I
didn't mention a new stuff cool alright
thanks for watching guys I'll see you
next week probably back on Stevens
Channel
hi alright lilius cool see
