hey guys I got a story that a lot of you
might not know about and it is
incredibly relevant because I'm about to
promote to you and wonderful sponsor
Nord VPN did you know that I of all
people I know you can't even believe it
I actually had my battlenet account
hacked like seven years ago I'm pretty
sure it was when I was going to some MLG
I probably logged into a machine that I
shouldn't have or did something dumb and
something got picked up and I had a
Chinese wow gold farmer buying like I
don't even know what you can buy in
World of Warcraft I just and I logged
into my pay about one day I saw a bunch
of weird charges that came from some guy
buying skins in in World of Warcraft or
something I can you buy skins in World
of Warcraft I don't know I thought he
had my whole pay belen but it was just
my battle on information but did you
know that you get north VPN it could
serve as an encryption and end tunnel
that you could use anyway you go in the
world you can download on your phone you
don't own your laptop you download it on
whatever you want probably not what ever
you want but at least those two things
if you go to Nord Nord VPN org slash
destiny you can actually get 75% off
three years plus one month free use code
destiny at check out check it out you
can tunnel around you can log into
different servers around the world if
some content you're trying to get to
might be blocked because of a region
locking thing the speeds are actually
pretty crazy holy [ __ ] this is actually
so good this is actually so good for
[ __ ] aura compared to what I'm used
to
yeah 260 down on it through a VPN and
[ __ ] Brazil I actually tested it on
streem and I kind of had low
expectations because I've used VPNs a
long time ago and the speeds are really
garbage I was thinking like 400 down 400
up and a lot of these different VPN
servers which is pretty amazing or at
least it apparently take I'll just come
a long way so go to Nord VPN org slash
destiny use promo code st and check out
check it out try it for a little bit if
you don't like it
75% off you've got one month before you
cancel it anyway thanks a lot guys you
don't have a controller do you you said
you were good I said I was decent fit on
console is top 500 on console but not on
PC on over
really yeah on what character sorry and
Ryan okay all right I got high
expectations then solve it on P the'm by
the way guys and running commercials if
you don't want to see him you should be
subbed also if you use destiny - big
screen that's how it works
that's not at all how it works but
thanks Hurley I don't see ads ever maybe
it's cuz your [ __ ] ad blocking me you
[ __ ] [ __ ] she needs to stop her
chrome too much RAM usage dude I have a
32 gigs by 32 gigs of RAM why do you
have 32 gigs of RAM that doesn't even
make sense why Rambo watched a lot of
porn I was little Fox never had $100 no
when she said she's never had three
digits in her bank account she mean
she's always had at least four I just
put like a bunch of nice - wow you're a
trader - that's awesome
are you being sarcastic wait yeah why
are you actually a trader
yeah she's not is she Dennis don't if
she's telling me I just put like five
thousand to Disney stock because it's
what was your brokerage what the [ __ ] I
don't want that me in stock like who was
doing it no nevermind me yeah you like
do you walk to the New York Stock
Exchange and you walk up to like a
broken you're like hey can you like what
service do you use online to do it what
do you only get your trading advice from
[Music]
what do you mean okay you guys as goal
is to each of you get one knock down
okay that's all we did him then we'll
win this okay yes sir
I thought I'd downed him wait I'm
actually [ __ ] or dumb sorry I think
you meant abaga I'm sorry I'm taking up
wait no there's no way it's gonna be
easier at a controller kids into your
room
I lost my eyelash glue I lost everything
wait you put on fake lashes yeah
can't tell dude what do you mean you
can't tell barely I have really long
natural lashes then why do you ever put
up fake ones like I literally like I cut
my lashes into halves
wait why because I my lashes are too
long why would you cut them and then add
extensions I'm use as well I don't this
is too high level this I don't know the
island the eyelash matter I guess how do
you put your weapon away again oh my god
forgot and I and I'm the one that gets
made for now
Oh shots fired back uh-oh we're watching
a friendship die in a real time here
boys
the French have died when like two she
didn't remember the friendship died when
she [ __ ] went on this stream without
me what the friendship died before then
when you didn't even know I had a
boyfriend
there was [ __ ] that you don't know about
me there though oh you don't know my
birthday uh-huh yeah I do I know you're
a Scorpio oh yeah it's November and
you're a Sagittaron wait aren't both of
your birthday's in November yeah like 20
seconds or some [ __ ] like that no that's
like closer to your birthday November
16th wrong I mean if you keep going
you're going to get it eventually
there's only so many options
when's my birthday then hmm why it's her
27th I think her birthdays at 24th did
how'd you know sixteen oh no man I don't
even think Steven ever told me his birth
you did it on the side actually thanks
reminds a really easy to remember - so
you don't have an excuse 16 no it's
December you guys are the same
it's December 12 there's such a creepy
way of saying that but okay I always
called daddy okay
because the kids come daddy that
definitely doesn't make it creepy than
their what weight do you think they all
left here to go chase us probably you up
me up me up me up me up me up younger me
okay oh wait we gotta get out of here
just runnin runnin runnin runnin [ __ ]
this
forget it well I tried to over why would
you ever do that because I'm a lot about
oh hi oh [ __ ] god dammit
dude I hit him a lot he shields brooke
what do you wanna do oh my god a little
bit when you're frustrated stop and
those are the people that killed you and
now I'm gonna die - these [ __ ]
shooters
alrighty minecraft I think I'm doing it
tonight
want to try - yeah it's gonna be a
hardcore world ok by yourself
um no if you guys want to try a new
account well when you die if you die
you're out like servers not getting
reset so in mine minecraft - like you
are a name let's let's take the
realistic possibilities
how would you place that up I don't know
why you guys have no health really
neither of you well you need to place
another drone or whatever how long why
does it move well there's this little
thing called a frame of reference and
you're dropping something and we're
moving and it's not and so it kind of
floats away and yeah wait oh my god this
game actually does do this [ __ ] wait is
it working
where'd it go yeah we can't load up here
you can't do oh wait Wow brilliant
observation Sherlock Holmes
are you are you molding and that's me
the best wait did you make that me mom I
made every mean but no I didn't make
molding you had a meme forger that's
what they call me thank you guys what
the [ __ ] is this sound in the background
it's your mom I thought she was [ __ ]
you I guess not well right now she's not
if I told her I'm playing apex legends
what can you calm down this is a PG
stream okay yes we don't talk about
anything sexual you ever yep I don't
know that wait really yes I'm trying why
do you think I've been playing like
[ __ ] fortnight nation I'm try to get
a younger audience why do you want a
younger audience wants to keep winning
his debates like Stephen Crowder's yeah
there you go let's go that one oh god
yeah looking for potential dating
partner is looking for new [ __ ] buddies
like it yeah there you go there's a ton
of other good memes if you want to yeah
lifeline get over here wait is that an
enemy how do they how did with how long
were they in the [ __ ] circle or out
of the circle for to come up behind us
what the [ __ ] it has a moan Oh No
Papillon okay good job
Dennis you out damage to us okay what
does your chat like seeing you do feels
like they don't like you debating and
they also don't like you playing League
politics my big viewers are they say
they like a lot of other certain things
but I actually using a really low
viewership during a lot of the things I
say they like so like let's say like I
really want you to play like certain
games and if I do it I got like two
thousand views John okay you should play
a game you should play a game and then
once I actually play a game have like
ten yeah I haven't played a game on
stream in like three months I think
well listen dude you plan on having any
kids cuz I got a new exciting activity
you can do on Twitch now wow you sound
like a turkey have you worked on that
impression yeah
gobble gobble [ __ ] so proud dude thanks
is that what you do when you eat [ __ ]
yeah I was gonna say that
yep and then watch everybody put like
the Lowell W in the chat but if I said
it it would have been just Pepe mind
every turn understand how the chat works
at least hey hide a second us I get a
second a second aside kill it he'll
appeal he'll do we have a lifeline why
would you put it in the most vulnerable
[ __ ] spot okay are you ready
we're gonna run follow me follow me this
way this way big place okay big place
again and here you sit executing oh yeah
you go you can do it pick up your friend
can't pick up pick up pick up pick up
pick up gentleman wait oh god I got it
he's right here
goddammit I'm on this guys that like to
life please kill him I believe in you I
believe in you so much Wow we all
carried some way good job guys I'm so
sorry I feel really bad for that I'm so
sorry
I actually feel dirty like I need to go
take a shower after stealing that ever
damn you didn't even know I think like
if I'm not streaming I'm probably
sleeping or showing up on my stream
alone hmm
only when I'm trying to look intelligent
so I like for debates I'll wear him when
I'm when I'm trying to look intimidating
I don't wear them so you can see the
intensity in my eyes yeah wait actually
no I I have glasses but my prescription
was like negative one negative 0.5 cuz
it's like I have 1.25 1.5 yeah and it's
just like I don't need my glasses ever
but then whenever I like go somewhere
and we're gonna eat somewhere I just
can't see [ __ ] that new and I'm like
okay I wish for my glasses yeah can't
really almost a thanks kDa
I said it was nearly as bad as your apex
can do this man
you did that's right I believe in you
okay I feel like you're annoyed for me
already oh no I'm just as my default
demeanor around everybody don't worry
okay do i annoy you um as much as
anybody else does don't worry more
annoying people though what I think
there are definitely more annoying
people oh yeah you guys aren't annoying
like the people I debate don't worry I
would say my level of annoyance right
now is very low don't worry
do I like annoy you only sometimes only
when you ask me if you annoy me that
they laughs in the chat okay get away
from mr. Hilton - okay these last guy is
gonna be ultra kitted okay so you need
to be on your a-game do you understand
yeah that was me what I understand feel
like we went the wrong way
nope we went exactly the way we needed
to go all right chill chill chill this
is the spot I'm feeling a big w today
okay okay okay come on guys over here
okay don't just crouch don't make noises
that aint [ __ ] stealthy grace look
graceful okay that's good you supposed
to be
don't miss this jump cuz you're [ __ ]
if you do Oh God Jessie take this
seriously okay well when you make noises
in game where when you make noises in
real life you're distracting uh soccer
game trust me okay okay get the [ __ ]
mountain okay yeah if we win this game
okay it's my kids you okay don't don't
focus focus focus I think they're in the
I think they're in that chasm
the pit they have to be then I think so
yeah just you guys have grenades cool so
we can just grenade the [ __ ] out of them
yeah okay let's go guys it's time to the
shooting gallery okay come come to the
edge we're gonna hop up are we just
gonna start shooting down ready good
luck yeah I see him down there don't
jump down there it's tempting don't get
baited
it was just a [ __ ] one yeah we just
wasted so much we thought there's gonna
be like a [ __ ] crack team of like
three of the best players in the game
out one [ __ ] [ __ ] hiding we did
collectively less than 500 damage good
job guys we're so good oh my god it's
like 80 degrees Celsius I don't even
know what that is Fahrenheit but it's
like you sit there and like if you move
