hello so sadly it's [ __ ] rubbish
this is me without headphones but it
might be even worse than it was
with I don't know why my skype doesn't
seem to be sort of connecting to the
internet it hasn't updated since the
19th of December from the looks of it so
yeah it's kind of is kind of a weird guy
sometimes and I don't have discord so I
mean this isn't horrible it's a good day
I've talked too much where itself this
is okay all right well okay is it is
this any can I pop in my headphones is
that okay yes or was that considerably
worse all right I'll do that
so before we start I have to say that
I've pretty much only seen your content
when been debating idiots and so I might
have a really skewed perception of the
conversations you have so like when you
were on with no [ __ ] and jontron I
think and also recently with the kumite
this is obviously gonna be a very kind
of different conversation salty fruity
or go back to points we've already moved
on from sure what was there what
specific did you want to talk about
I only saw like that small clip of the
video I've seen so much stuff over the
past few days of having had time to
watch my long form no it's it's funny
well I I was really more that people had
brought up whether or not we should talk
because I was doing a chat with Kevin
Logan and we were talking about just
some of the drama and that included the
complete
dump dumpster fire that was you battling
like four people at once in an ongoing
stream and someone said it would be
interesting for you to talk to destiny
and I said yeah that would be fantastic
but really beyond that and then you're
like hey you want to chat and I said
yeah that sounds cool so I can we can
come up with a topic or we can find a
topic for a different day I'm totally
flexible about what you went on how you
undo it
I'm normally on the it's normally the
other people that has a traffic whatever
did you did you have anything in mind I
guess in regards to I guess the easiest
Isis out is there any do you know
anything about any of that conversation
like parts you disagreed with or
anything or well I think one thing that
actually I'm sorry actually back up let
me back up one quick second do and
introduce yourself so that people know
who you are sure yeah sorry idea yeah
I'm so hi everyone I'm Kristy I have a
youtube channel i am a while I started
off in politics and then did my PhD and
it's I do research but my channel is a
lot of sort of what's topical what's
going on in recent weeks because there's
been so much drama I've been sort of
following that on the other side of
YouTube sort of political spectrum from
myself yeah but I am sort of met
professionally I guess you'd say a
political scientist but on YouTube I'm
I'm a youtuber thanks me when you say
political scientists what exactly does
that imply do you do like polling data
or do you do like campaign staffer all I
do well I started off with my PhD during
quantitative survey data analysis and
that's where I I did my doctoral
research using survey data but after I
did my postdoctoral fellowship with the
British Academy I found it a qualitative
election study where it's more like a
frank luntz even though I did don't like
the way he runs his focus groups sort of
approach to understanding elections and
that is we do focus groups with you know
anywhere between 11 and 17 groups around
the UK we'll actually around Britain the
British election is studying out the UK
election study because Northern Ireland
is like its whole other thing so in the
British election study and then we go
back and we talk to them after the
election to see what their reactions
were and what they think about things
going huh going ahead nuts been my sort
of my main research focus since about
2010 yeah okay cool okay yeah and on
that sort of because one of the topics
that came up was this discussion about a
a thought experiment for people who have
who are
attracted to children the that study yes
but I wanted to come at it no actually
more from why I think it would be very
difficult to implement that study yeah
million reasons why it would be
difficult yeah that my yeah my problem
with these are never that it would be
difficult it's the it's when people
question the difficulty and assume that
I would take an extremely irrational
approach to it so someone will pose like
well what if you couldn't get anybody to
consent to doing this which is a very
real like that's a very real thing so
it's like but what do you think my
answer is going to be I will just force
them to do it to relive the trauma like
obviously at that point you would kill
it you know yeah well you must have felt
a little bit like you were starring in
The Wizard of Oz because everyone was
treating you like a straw man yes hey
cuz I have history with so many of these
people there so my background is
basically I did video games and I was I
do video games half and half I do video
games and I do politics and the thing
that kind of pushes me towards the
political side of it is that I don't
know if you familiar with this with a
stereotype of a gamer bro I don't know
if you follow the gamergate stuff and
all that yeah there's a lot of there's a
lot of that stuff that goes on in this
community so I kind of got interested in
politics but I'm also really interested
in I say this somewhat pretentiously
philosophy is very interesting to me and
that I grapple with it in a very kind of
like surface level way so I don't engage
with like academics as much although I'd
liked it to get like some understanding
of some literature at some point but so
so I engage with that stuff as best I
can as part of doing that there have
been interesting questions that we've
discussed on my stream because I think
they're really interesting topics so
like a question like this is a very this
is a very big one that a lot of people
have me over is like is incest like a
like a morally wrong thing and it's an
interesting question because it's a
position that people typically have a
revulsion to intrinsically but then upon
introspection you find that you have a
very hard time justifying that revulsion
unlike any type of like verbal level you
know so these are just kinds of like
interesting questions we have and people
start to hammer me over these like also
you'll love incest Kannur just because
we talk about these topics on stream but
I'm very interested in grappling with
the philosophical side of a lot of
arguments there was a guy called you
know who I'm OC is or whatever oh yeah
yeah so there's like yeah so he pushes
for
he pushes for a position where he
believes that the age of consent should
be eliminated completely he thinks that
sexual relationships between even a
child as young as zero or like one or
two years old within a fully grown adult
that these can be consensual
relationships this is something that
philosophically I find quite easy to
attack because the concept of informed
consent is very much rooted in my
Phyllis in my ethical background that
it's a very important thing to
understand especially with children
because children can't really protect
themselves and I noticed that almost was
kind of making his rounds in the in the
skeptic community and usually he would
go on a show and then people could start
screaming at him and they'd be like
really angry and that was it and that
kind of bothered me I was like okay well
let's actually try it so I brought him
on I had a discussion with him and in
the purview of that I think like child
porn came up once and I think he asked a
question about like well what about this
or this or this and at some point I'd
mentioned like this research and I was
like you know there might be some slim
cases where child porn is acceptable but
only if the goal is to reduce the amount
of children being abuse or something
and then there are like three people
that hyper hopped on to that comment and
tried to push it as though like I'm a
huge child porn supporter and one of
those people was that a Britney girl and
yes when she hopped into that debate it
was literally just for her to smite me
with that one-liner even though we'd
like hash this out on like a three-hour
discussion before so there's a lot of
backstory that's that's where that um if
that if that question seemed like really
random that's why that happened it's
because that's like her personal
vendetta against me for whatever reason
there was a lot of gotcha moments a lot
of sort of really trying to set up a yes
or no dichotomy and when you tried to
provide context you were just completely
like just thrown back into this corner
saying now you have to pick a side we're
either way I've got you yeah and that's
kind of the that's the story though of
the that I've noticed I can't speak to
your country as much although I followed
a little bit of brexit related stuff but
like this right versus left argument is
very difficult to have because on the
right side you know like if it let's
look at like black people in United
States right the right will tell you you
know like well what's up with black
people they just need to make better
choices everybody can make better
choices well okay I guess like yeah that
sounds good but then if you look to the
left like well why are black people not
making good choices well there's no
simple answer to that it's like you need
like paragraphs and paragraphs to
explain you know like well Jim Crow laws
okay that was 60 years ago it's like
okay yeah but generational wealth is a
real thing okay well what about this
poor guy that's rich it's like Jesus you
know you have to go through
anecdote you gotta go to a pill
tradition you got to go to appeal to
it's like a million different things
that you have to like get through in
order to like present your case and then
the person on the right is just going
okay well I think people should just
make better choices you know I had a
friend and he made better choices and he
was poor and now he's rich and it's like
okay we'll [ __ ] like how do I you know
just really frustrating to deal with
that kind of stuff believe me dealing
with the feminist critique on YouTube
I'm familiar with these straw Manning
concepts and taking an argument that you
know rape culture it's it's a word that
doesn't really convey the concept very
well but they stop at the word and then
they sort of create the straw man of
what they think it means exactly like oh
the survey data shows that people don't
approve of rape doesn't prove you're a
rape culture or not it's like you're
like no desire to like actually grapple
like do you really think that somebody
made up a term for the idea that like
everybody is in favor of rape you know
like and then these same people will go
on Twitter being like I don't understand
what the big deal about the Harvey
Weinstein stuff is like if your boss
asked you for sex just saying no and
it's like ah [ __ ] does not that easy
kind of just wish you could live in a
world that was just so simplistic don't
you think where there weren't power
relations and people didn't have to
worry about punitive measures or losing
their job or not being given a reference
and you know sort of driven from their
industry because they spoke out against
a powerful man no no no let's not
consider that and just go hey you have
agency no one's stopping you from
walking over to Human Resources which is
already designed to protect people at
the top and all their top stars and to
keep code of silence and have you signed
a nondisclosure agreement yeah just walk
up to them and tell them the problem and
they'll fix it I feels like our progress
sometimes shoots us in the foot like
like to be honest like relationships or
relationships or status of like women
and minorities has increased
dramatically over in the Western world
it has improved markedly but it seems
like when you knock out all of the easy
problems the difficult ones become
really hard to tackle you know and
people act like if there aren't like
this if it isn't blatant then it's not
real so like I mean my debate with
Sargon for instance you know like and I
and I heard that you had one of these as
why I didn't have a chance to watch
Warren but um we talked a long time
about like black people in the United
State
and he's like well you know there's a
lot of problems that come from broken
families and it's like yeah of course I
agree that he's like well if black
people just got married it would fix
their problems and like sargon it
doesn't really work that way like
there's prerequisites to getting married
like get marriage is a symptom not like
a condition you know like marriage is
typically a symptom of being successful
being somewhat wealthy and he's like
okay why can't they just get married
marry black people do better than single
black people or broken family like that
looks like okay yeah but the getting
married is really hard there okay but
why can't they just do it and it's like
and then it'll go up to the inevitable
where Sargon literally asks where is the
law preventing black people from getting
married and it's like okay dude or where
is the law preventing women from
choosing engineering degrees all right
and they're trapped in this sort of
almost like first wave feminism which
was focused mostly on the laws and
changing things like giving women legal
personhood and the ability to own
property and have access to their kids
or even custody upon divorce and and
they think that that's once you have a
law in the books then somehow the
problem is solved which is really no
that's just a resetting of the society's
values on legal footing but nothing in
the society has automatically changed
overnight you know people who are on one
side of the other don't suddenly you
know have their minds change because the
Supreme Court says that now a marriage
equality is the law of the land and it's
those informal relationships it's the
being discriminated against when you go
to a baker and having to take it to
court in order to get your equality yeah
that's the fight that they don't really
want to recognize and it's kind of with
the the me2 thing as well the idea that
if you're harassed in the workplace it's
it's an easy situation to just not to
have that taken care of or that when you
say something you know people are going
to believe you and not really taking
into account like we're talking about
the power dynamics the punitive measures
that might be taken and as we saw with
quite a lot of the me2 cases there was a
real power imbalance there it wasn't
like people were going men weren't
hitting on women who were above them in
power they were hitting on you much
junior women knew who had much less
ability to speak up for themselves like
gretchen carlson did at fox
uh-huh and even that
do you have talk radio in the United
Kingdom well I'm actually living in
Germany now I know why half years that's
okay because I talked about my PhD
having done that in the UK gotcha are
you four are you British no I'm actually
you know the states but then I lived
long enough in the UK to sort of have
this pick up when I talk about British
things I tend to get more of a British
accent when I talk about things back
from America like baseball and brats and
going to the mall then my American
accent gets stronger so it's a little
bit situational and then when I'm in
Germany occasionally I speak German God
shadow okay are there like this talk
rate is talk radio in other countries
dominated by right leading figures like
it is in the United States I have to say
that my because my my German isn't as
fluent I don't listen to a lot of talk
radio in the UK most of the radio that I
listen to didn't really ever go over to
AM radio but in the UK you've got like
six stations of the BBC Plus then you
have commercial stations and so I don't
really think that there's that kind of
would they have more in the newspapers
you know the Daily Mail and the
Telegraph the Tory graph and they have
the Sun and so it's primarily more of a
a print dominated conservative voice
online now as well whereas in the
state's media tries to pretend it's
neutral you get more sort of commentary
on the radio so it's a slightly
different dynamic but that whole that
culture is there just where they get
their news from is slightly different
I'd say in the UK from the US I don't
know about gotcha
but I mean you can definitely see that
talk radio is moving over to YouTube
yeah yeah in the United States a talk
radio is mainly right-leaning or at
least it feels though I'm pretty sure
that's true I'm positive instruction the
talk radio is overwhelmingly
right-leaning but my guess would be just
because talk radio probably appeals to
older people more whereas the YouTube
stuff appeals to younger people and I
don't think they're picking up really on
the metrics of people like on the
alt-right who are getting pretty big
audiences and also people who aren't
openly alright on YouTube but certainly
are willing to platform those people and
entertain their ideas and give them a
much wider audience without act
engaging in a strong critique and
pushback of their claims sure yeah
definitely the Dave Rubenstein
yeah the something that's been really
frustrating to me recently is that is
I'm actually I'm actually excited that
like the ethnos State people are
becoming more vocal now like I don't
there's got to be a name for this maybe
in political theory you have like a
better way to describe this but like I
would rather have you know ten racists
like 10 like avowed racists in a room
that are openly like I hate black people
I hate Hispanics I would rather have ten
of those people in a room then three of
them in a room and seven people that
claim to be neutral but like are totally
okay with the other three people because
it makes it so much harder to attack all
of them when they can always say well at
least I'm not that guy does that make
sense no it does yeah we would call it
sort of like the difference between
people harm in measurement terms a
manifest variable and a latent variable
for instance there are people who
identify as being on the sort of
neo-fascist all right they would be in
favor of a white ethno state they they
would hold all the positions and then
you'd have a you do there is polling
data that shows that quite a lot of
white people in America although they
won't necessarily go as far as saying a
white ethno state but they think that
whites are discriminated against more
than any other group and they have they
will agree with a lot of the same
grievances you have that too with
measures of feminism you have people
like myself who will say yes I'm a
feminist and then there are other people
how although they don't claim the title
of feminists will basically agree with
all the feminist positions that you put
on a survey for them to answer those
people under the surface sort of not
being out and identifying by being
sympathetic I think and that is the the
part of the population that's hardest to
