do you guys have dinner that night we
could roleplay it out but I kind of feel
like you guys are done with this quest I
don't mind I don't want to offend her
what would you like for dinner young man
spaghetti
would you like meatballs no that does
not make a good spaghetti I'm a suppose
I'm a vegan so I hope those have butter
in them I don't use butter in my scones
how do you keep the tea being so dry I
use water and oat milk oat milk yeah why
I toss her a lettuce salad it is death
and I produce a receipt from my pocket I
purchased this wonderful studded leather
armor earlier I was wondering to the
various operations agency would cover
this purchase
you didn't ask before you acquired this
set of leather armor and you're
absolutely right
I didn't ask and if you don't want to
reimburse me that's fine the only reason
I bought it was so that I could better
protect you guys from going on our
mission which I think I did earlier
remember when I was jumped in there and
I took the killing shot on a couple of
those spectres didn't you take the 10
gold we got from the escort mission I
don't think you have that you receive
that right that's why did I I was just
making a connection nevets you don't
have to be so uptight
how's Toki are they arguing I'm not sure
if it's arguing we must be drinking
tonight right of course
drinking wine is good everybody's drunk
I'm not gonna drink that much you know
I'm gonna have a couple sips and maybe
at some point slip off to use the
restroom and we know nevets pretty well
and we know when he slips off he's
probably going to do something sneaky
like steal stuff right
Daffy would probably pick up that that's
time to bump up the distractions you
know trying to like tell stories and my
sister who always gets herself and not
all kinds of trouble okay so this one
time
and we were at a bar and we bought this
guy a drink and he happened to be the
Lord and he got so drunk that she threw
up right on the Lord shoes and we were
thrown out and it was it was awful and
hilarious and I've been making fun of
Angie for it ever since everyone has a
good Chuck like that we're all laughing
around the table can I kind of like look
at death and say oh my gosh this reminds
me of the job that we did that one time
for Joe do you remember I remember I
remember tell the story Netflix you
ruined it
here I forgot I'm too drunk I fell over
[Laughter]
it is perhaps the best Italian meal
you've ever had in your life
meatballs correct there were no
meatballs in your dish but in everyone
else's there were when Lenny looks sad
I'll walk over to him and I'll say
listen as soon as we finish this one
we'll go over
