okay Tyler hello what's up hey destiny
how are you May pretty good how you
doing I'm doing pretty good
so I have a couple of things that I want
to talk about so the first one that I
want to talk about is is president Trump
that's the main article the main topic
so the first thing I want to talk about
is some of the rhetoric that I've heard
you talk about for Republicans and
conservatives though I heard one of your
arguments on YouTube where you were
going against a conservative and he was
saying that he like he was hold on let
me let me like that that some of the the
way that you talk about conservatives
like you know that you don't like any of
them in that you'll disregard all of
them it's kind of like kind of harmful
for the
political culture you know you know what
I mean so that's a kind of first issue
that I want to dive into okay what's so
what exactly is your thing what do you
what are you talking about that if I
disregard them or what do you mean when
you say disregard them so the yes so
like whenever you it's creating like a
divide so whenever you're saying like I
remember an Instagram post or a comment
wherever you were talking about like
like how you don't like any of the
Republicans you know and you just
disagree with all of them and it was
just kind of you know like you were
generalizing them all of you know what I
mean okay so all right okay so I believe
that it's creating a divide D unifying
America causing hate and it's further
radicalizing each side left and right
which is kind of harmful for partisan
politics because whenever you look at
the legislature whenever you actually
look at Congress that's gonna make it
harder to pass bipartisan legislation
which I believe Trump has actually been
doing a little bit awesome
just for an example the bipartisan bill
that he passed that has actually reduced
the sentences for nonviolent drug
offenders and I believe some of the
rhetoric that you're spewing is actually
kind of furthering that divide which
will make it harder for that
distillation in the past and that's just
that first point that I want to kind of
talk about okay how what was like the
bipartisan like come together on health
care so what what do you mean I guess I
didn't feel I don't feel like there's
like a good bipartisan position on like
health care right now in the United
States okay okay so you don't believe
our health care system is good right now
so do you believe that a socialist
policy for our health care system is the
right solution for that but like a
single-payer option would be better yeah
but do you think that's not going to
further divide America to have healthy
for our citizens no what I'm saying is
like currently the culture that we have
now that I believe that is a radicalized
opinion on the left for a liberal
progressives that is further being
radical radicalized by the liberal media
so if you advocate for that what I'm
saying is you know how is that going to
help with bipartisan politics if that is
on one far end of the spectrum and you
know the rights I believe are you know
taking the right steps to Medicare it
did did that make sense well what about
the way I don't understand doesn't the
right already have like an extremist
position on this though like what about
when you look at things like Fox News
that claims that like socializing health
care is literally social okay I I wasn't
sorry sorry you go ahead no no go for it
okay so I wasn't gonna get into the
media yet but I do want to touch a
little bit on mainstream media so CNN
NBC any liberal media that you see right
now is gonna hate hate hate on trunk in
it
it is currently dividing this country so
much that it's so harmful that Trump can
only broadcast his news on Twitter and
it's you know people hate on Trump for
you know broadcasting his next and all
these policies in decisions on Twitter
but what else should he do if whenever
he goes you know and tries to go through
mainstream media they manipulate in they
just meant all of his words where he
can't you know currently articulate his
position that that that that's my main
issue with media and I believe Fox News
does
good job of articulating what Trump has
to think about the country the policies
in the economics and I believe that
Trump is one of the best current modern
presidents in history just because of
his economic decisions and people will
point to like the tariffs on the metal
industry such as that I personally don't
agree with that but I don't think that
necessarily results in a like a net
negative of the economy I guess it's
really hard for me to be sympathetic
towards this view when Trump seems to
have problems expressing himself like
all on his own
like MSNBC CNN these people don't make
him go on like these all caps-lock
rampages like on Twitter or like
nickname people like divisive or rude
names like he does at all in his own
like even before the media gave him any
attention at all right with sleepy ben
Carson or lyin Ted or crooked Hillary or
whatever okay
okay so wait so what was your point on
that again could you I don't understand
how you can say like the media is
causing this divisive Mis well I'm not
saying it's directly causing it I'm just
saying that's propagating it you know
it's adding to it you know and what my
main thing is I want to get down to the
root of that and I'm not saying that
media is the cause of that I'm not
saying you're the cause of that but what
I'm saying and honestly when you get
down to it the cause doesn't actually
matter what matters is what is currently
feeding into that you know constant
radicalization of every idea yeah but
the promise of Trump is gonna act like
an extremist and then the left is going
to give then all you're gonna get is
like moving further to the right okay
yeah but you see I mean I I understand
your argument but I see people have made
the argument for gerrymandering you know
like they brought up to court
gerrymandering as in how it should be it
should be you know eliminated but then
the left said well the Republicans have
done it forever so that's you know kind
of how they justified it so I don't you
know I don't quite have Democrats to
come out in a favor of like
gerrymandering hold on let let me look
at the exact because they've they
brought it up to a court case I know
that for sure
so it was Gill versus Whitford I believe
whenever they brought it up to the court
case 585 us it was a Supreme Court case
back in 2018 when they left tried to try
to justify
the fact that Republican gerrymandering
or sorry sorry the Republicans try to
bring to court that the Democrats were
gerrymandering and then they were saying
like well you know it's been happening
since the dawn of time on both sides are
both guilty and that was you know sort
of in in essence engine like in a
generalization the argument and you know
there have been numerous court cases
Gill versus Whitford beef versus Jubilee
day versus Bandemer I'm you know
butchering some of these names but you
know it's been a you know hot topic and
then just some of the scary
justifications for this has been that
it's you know it's happened since the
dawn of time it's just this so like I
it's left versus right so it's not what
I'm not 100 Center with these court
cases say I'd have to see it but I mean
like okay if the opposition is engaging
in gerrymandering like I mean yeah I
would kind of expect you to do it as
well that was you just lose right okay
that is true and I would even agree I
was just saying that was kind of the
argument that you were using a little
bit before I mean wait what do you mean
I don't want to get too much in
gerrymandering but so we were talking
about a little bit about the
radicalization of ideas right so I just
I just kind of want to draw it back to
that a little bit if that's fine
so so what my main argument is that some
of the rhetoric that not just you but
what corporate media especially the left
radical leftists have been kind of
dishing out is this you know constant
constant rhetoric that just divides the
middle you know and just it just hurts
bipartisan legislation that's my main
issue that's just the first point if we
don't have to get too much into it it's
just kind of a weird protein issues that
I'd like to talk about as well so I
guess like my issue is like it feels
hard to like take this issue like very
seriously
coming from a Republican when I went
when like Trump engages on this behavior
like all on his own like I'm prompted by
anybody else and I guess the example I
was like sure like why does Trump give
like negative nicknames to all of the
political people that he talks to okay
that's true that's true but I would
argue that the the personality of
has like it should not matter in terms
of substantive substantive policies like
I don't give a [ __ ]
sorry excuse my language I do not care
if if my president what he does outside
of his life as long as that does not
affect the policies that are being made
and that are affecting me that should
not matter and that's like you don't see
how yeah you don't see how like if you
call like crooked Hillary that that
maybe you're it's gonna be harder to get
people to agree with you
unlike policies okay yeah I I can
understand a little bit about that I'll
give some there but I mean what what has
that actually affected in terms of
policies I mean one minute you're gonna
arguing at some of his policies though
it hasn't really affected anything
because I mean well you don't you said
that in like for instance so like
Republicans cry that like Pelosi and
Schumer are working all the time against
Trump to like make his presidency
horrible well let's say hypothetically
the only reason they're doing it is
because they don't like the fact that he
calls everybody names like couldn't you
argue there that that's I mean I don't
know how you would ever establish that
link but then I mean I think would be
really hard to establish the link also
that like MSNBC makes it harder for
bipartisan legislation to get passed
yeah okay that's true and I I understand
that you know you shouldn't call people
names in terms of trying to pass
legislation but if some of these things
are true I think it would strengthen
your case if anything because like if
anything you know it's just you being
real because Hillary is a little bit
crooked
you know I mean how many times has she
switched her stance on health care how
many times has she switched her stance
just trying to pitch the stance unlike
say the Iraq war I mean like Trump is
not okay like first say what first per
se what well yeah for ever since the
beginning ever before his campaign even
started he has been in favor of
withdrawing from Syria and what has he
done he's withdrawn from Syria you might
point to the Afghan war that we might
still have 7,000 troops but he has at
least made that first step to withdraw
from the war and I think he's been
consistent in that belief that he's
wanted to stay out of wars in general
first of all I don't think that I could
be wrong but I think that was like a
major thing for Trump to to withdraw
from Syria like I think our presence
there was already like insanely reduced
if not like almost non-existent right
and I'll look it up but it was it
and November of last year where he made
an announcement that he was going to
withdraw from troops from Syria which is
why he actually lost support from a lot
of the Republican base and I'll I woke
up that up specifically but I guarantee
you that he made that announcement to
withdraw troops from Syria that's
actually why what's his name the Trump
administration that's why one of his
administrative staff actually resigned
one second let me pull it up real quick
withdrawal from Syria yeah so it
happened around February 14th of 2019
let's let's see what see so a lot of
people were actually criticizing it at
the time because you know our allies the
Kurds you know we're kind of left out on
their own but I'm pretty sure that it
was Trump's decision to withdraw from
Syria that was aligned with his decision
or aligned with his belief that was you
know consistent before he even started
the campaign which he actually tweeted a
ton of shirts I so like to kind of like
resent I was like I don't necessarily
disagree that like being very like
inflammatory or extremist or like
politically divisive is good for our
rhetoric but like again like I think
it's really hard to say that like this
is something like it's hard if you
decide to be like super nice with your
rhetoric while the opponent's are like
engaging in like really bad [ __ ] I don't
think that that works like Hillary tried
that in the last election and people
even made fun of her for when they go
low we go high or whatever I mean it
doesn't work when Trump is like
constantly slamming it with extremist
rhetoric and you don't respond with that
it seems like you just kind of like lose
out on it
okay okay all right that's that's
interesting I've never seen it from that
way all right can we move on to my next
concern if that's okay with you
sure okay so so I so I'm a trump
supporter I'm conservative and I would
argue that he has some of the most if
not the best in modern history economic
decisions in terms of our modern
presidents and I could make some
arguments such as his you know expand
expansion of domestic
our oil industry that has actually
surpassed Saudi Arabia which has helped
a lot and then I can also talk about
some of his other economic policies such
as expanding our free market economy by
lowering corporate tax rates if you want
to get into kind of the economic policy
there I'd be willing to discuss that a
little bit more and those are just some
examples offhand and I know for sure
that you disagree with that so I'd be
willing to kind of hash that out if you
want to
well sure so let's go one by one so what
was the first thing we mentioned so the
first one is the expansion of the oil
industry that has helped us surpass
Saudi Arabia in terms of oil in one of
the main proponents of that has been the
withdrawal of the Iran nuclear deal that
has helped out that time okay one thing
at a time
don't wait how does the Iran nuclear
deal impact our ability to produce oil
so it helped increase in gas and oil
prices which helped our standings in the
oil industry how did it increase
constantly oil for instance so for once
so I have the figures right here it
increased from 234 to a gallon in May
2017 to 284 in May 2018 which cut into
the tax cut savings so let's see I just
I don't understand how any of this was
influenced by the Iranian stuff yeah
that Iran nuclear deal yeah how did that
like influence our gas prices so that
was I'd have to read more into that but
I it was just kind of a preconceived
notion for me that because we withdrew
from the Iran nuclear deal our gas
prices went up which helped our
standings in the oil industry well
doesn't that hurt wouldn't that hurt
like the average American consumer the
average American consumer so the gas
only rose from 50 cents but in terms of
the general economy it rose are standing
in the general economy Rose which is
kind of you know like an individual
sacrifice for a domestic economy which I
believe this kind of can be you know one
facet of an argument for socialism you
know you're you know you're like
sacrificing you know
some funds to you like fund a public a
public commodity right so I would say
that that would be one factor of this
Iran nuclear deal and the our our oil
standings which I think Trump helped
okay so you're essentially saying that
Trump basically I'm guessing this has
something to do with an embargo on oil
from Iran they went jump embargoed the
oil in Iran it made it so that gas
companies in the United States made a
little bit more money because literally
everybody else in the economy had to pay
more for gas it's not a bad thing well I
mean but why is it a bad thing because
every single other person in the economy
is gonna suffer as a result of us having
to pay more for gas every everybody
else's in whom as in America every
single other American consumer yeah okay
but in sacrifice for what a better
economy right well no not a better
economy just a better oil industry so
the oil people big oil is benefiting
well I disagree with that
so could you could you just expand a
little bit more about how that hurts a
consumer if it generally probably
economy if I have to go to the so let's
say we're making a higher GDP but when I
go to the store I have to pay more money
for like bread or yes for anything right
anything that I buy I've got to pay more
to gas my car up I've got a pay more for
all my food I've got to pay more to buy
a house if I've got to pay more for all
of these things just because the oil
industry is making more money how does
that help me in every consumer because
whenever you look at the you know the
general economy yeah but like the
general economy doesn't matter when like
90% of all stock is owned by like the
top whatever 10% richest people in the
world or in the United States or the
general economy doesn't matter if only
certain is so more jobs so if you have
you know but not everybody is gonna get
a job in the oil industry like it's not
realistic so I'm gonna create that many
more jobs to offset how much more every
other person is gonna be spending on
yeah but it helps the flow of money that
when the economy which is you know from
a capitalist perspective helps a general
flow of the economy I mean I just don't
see how like protecting and making us a
one industry especially the oil industry
big oil makes more money somehow
magically helps when every other person
in the economy is gonna suffer as a
result of that well I don't want to
you know I don't want to exaggerate how
negatively it's gonna affect everyone in
the economy like are we talking about
people just not being able to afford you
know bread and milk and just dying of
starvation
I mean it's 50 cents you know for a
better economy that's gonna help our
over you know our overall longevity and
success well I mean like only but only
the overall longevity and success of the
oil industry
that's it it's not benefiting the whole
economy unless you're gonna taxi elimi
stream or something which you said
attack Trump didn't raise any taxes at
all so I mean it doesn't say like I
don't see how you get this whole
benefits the whole economy just because
the oil industry makes more money okay
okay I see what I see what you're saying
so you're saying but I think it just
generally you know benefits the
capitalist economy but you haven't
demonstrate about you doesn't generally
benefit us it only benefits oil big oil
okay but if you have more money flowing
in the big oil industry then that's
gonna create more jobs which helps the
economy but is is do you think like how
many oil jobs were created can we look
up that money how many oil chuckles all
right all right all right let me let me
do some research and real quick real
quick
uh-huh cuz 50 cents per gallon that's a
lot or or I mean that seems like a
pretty big increase in cost of fuel
how many oil-industry job guys
okay one moment one moment
so into 2015 it supported about ten
point three million jobs so if you
assume that you know the American
population is about three hundred
million people that's about point three
three percent of the entire population I
would say that that's a good number ten
million jobs or yeah but wait how many
of these weren't how many of these like
would have been created anyway how many
of these are literally a result like or
how many of these are are okay now we're
kind of getting to the theoretical like
it would be literally and well okay here
what what's that with me let me see let
me see
also wait what year did that number come
from so that was from 2015
yeah wait so this has nothing to do with
well that was to kind of give you I
thought you were just asking about
generally how many oil industry jobs
there are no no I was asking how many of
these were actually retired actually
like benefited from ok ok ok like from
directly the Iran nuclear deal
withdrawal okay yeah like how many jobs
are created yeah okay let's let me see
that
kyla see
[Music]
okay so the annual growth rate for the
oil sector and I don't have the jobs
just yet but I do want to say this
figure real quick while I'm on it
so I'm pulling up a graph from the it's
called Brandis edu from Brandis
University it's a political science
institute that does studies such as this
and they have found that since the Iran
nuclear deal
the GDP are not the GDP but the annual
growth rate including the oil sector has
grown about five percent in terms of
economic growth rate now I can't okay so
I can see that oil the oil industry
growing 5% and then harming every single
other layer can cause fires like so real
quick I wanted to say the annual growth
rate of the economy including new oil
sector so that is kind of all-inclusive
so I do believe that you know if it does
long term help our economy then
withdrawing from the Iran nuclear deal
was a good idea and here let me in now
that was just one figure that I wanted
to say now let me work for the jobs
because that was one thing that you
wanted to talk about a little bit more
and then this this could kind of be a
good transition the tariffs if you want
to talk about tariffs because this did
affect a little bit our imports in our
oil exports as well but we can go on to
that after this once I find these jobs
real quick the jobs that were grown from
see
okay it's a little bit hard to find
exactly how many of the jobs were found
and I don't well I don't want to waste
too much your time looking for the jobs
if I can't find them so if you want we
can can just concede that and move on to
the next part or I could just keep
looking for the jobs well let's just
here let's do let's hit up one more cuz
I gotta leave pretty soon so let's go
one more okay okay okay real quick men I
want to talk a little bit more about
social stances so I believe that you've
you know recently said some of your
stances about the LGBT community and how
kind of Trump has you know responded to
that in terms of the military but I
would like to say that Trump didn't
necessarily say that trans people you
know couldn't join the military you know
what I mean like he I don't want to say
that I I don't want the rhetoric to be
like Oh Trump calls the gays to not join
the military you know and all that stuff
like I don't want this you know radical
leftist progressive liberal way but
didn't he literally do that no it was
already being talked about among the
generals no I thought the general came
out against it they already said that
they had that can you wink to me an
article or tell me a specific quote
because from my understanding well I
mean what if you think about it the
Don't Ask Don't Tell existed before
Trump so how I mean look up the Don't
Ask Don't Tell policy within the
military and that I mean that was that
was apparent in the Clinton
administration this so how much of it
was actually through Trump's fault of
not allowing not allowing homosexuals in
the LGBT community inside of the the
military forgave her so I don't care
about Clinton stuff that's so what about
ISM but no but what I'm saying is it was
like they weren't allowed to be in the
military even before Trump was president
so why is everyone putting it up from my
Oh Trump you know shouldn't well like
okay so this is a close second format
without searching too hard the nation's
senior military officer said Thursday
that there will be no modifications to
the Pentagon policies for now despite
residents from social media post
declining a ban on transgender trips in
uniform Marine general Joseph Dunford
chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff
wrote in a memo to commanders and senior
enlisted leaders of the Army Navy Air
Force and Marines that the military will
continue to quote treat all of our
personnel with respect unquote okay all
right had no idea about that so thank
you for informing me of that but overall
I believe Trump's social policies have
been effective so I do want to talk a
bit a little bit about his bipartisan
bill that he passed that helped reduce
the sentences of nonviolent drug
offenders so I mean what are your
thoughts on that because I believe for
one that was a good thing yeah that's
probably a good thing but I think a
Democrat would have passed that as well
okay so you think that Hillary would
have passed that yeah I would hope so
yeah I think Hillary was generally for
like a prison reformer or help of
nonviolent drug offenders I'm pretty
sure but but what I want to point out is
you know how wishy-washy was on Hillary
on her stances on several things I think
would have gone with whatever the
mainstream Democrat opinion was at the
time that seems to be what she's done so
I'm thinking that she probably would
have continued to follow that okay but
just because like somebody else would
have done it I mean is that necessarily
a discredit for something no I think
it's an okay part of that Trump could
have done it that's probably good Social
Policy eval okay so other than the lgbtq
that I was just recently informed on can
you inform me of some others
I'm sure his stance on immigration and
people to the south and saying things
like [ __ ] countries his review of
like foreigner seems to be pretty bad in
general I would say his stance on
abortion where he says that women ought
to be punished for having an abortion
it's probably not good okay for what but
for what though for what what like so on
immigration I like I like on immigration
why shouldn't we need a wall if all of
these you know all these Mexican
immigrants are coming into our country I
mean that lo of Mexicans is decreased or
has reversed in our country over the
past like five or six years like we have
more Mexicans leaving and entering at
this point and it just seems like a huge
waste of money for a project that
probably isn't gonna help that much it's
like people can still get here legally
like via Caravan via CBS
like okay can I ask you some real quick
just
and it might see my off topic but I
promise it ties in so why do you think
we have an opioid crisis in America
because people in America are buying
opioids okay but if you look at opioids
and you will get heroin crap all these
terrible drugs look at the root of it
why Mexico all right I mean they're all
of these people are coming in
what get the drug cartels coming in and
importing all these drugs these people
are not babies don't these people just
walk across the border these people like
like yeah they don't walk across they
sneak across
I don't know but sometimes they come
through port of entry sometimes they do
these via air and see like there are
tons of ways to get drugs into this
country they don't just cross a border
like just building a wall I'm gonna
change that like a lot of people smuggle
these in other ways okay I'm not saying
it's gonna 100% eliminate it but if we
can within our control stop the flow of
drugs to a certain extent then why
wouldn't we and we're already increasing
like we already are going to have the
funds whenever we're whenever we're
withdrawing from these wars which I do
not personally agree with I believe we
should still have a foreign presence but
that's another topic I believe in
international Wars anyways why should we
why should we not build up a border wall
if we're having all these funds you know
I mean I don't think they have all these
we just like okay this Trump taxi
company just personally dude but we
don't because we're running like bigger
budget deficit 50 billion dollars in
overseas wars such as Afghanistan and
Syria and we just recently drop
withdrawn from Syria in that I mean I
don't I mean we still are running like
massive budget over like budget deficits
like every single year in trauma case
that's not what the recent tax cuts I
mean I guess we could just keep printing
and spending on okay but do you believe
in general budget increases for domestic
health you know because I can I ask if
you're a proponent for social healthcare
a single-payer health care system yeah
okay so that's gonna increase our budget
so why not do it for something like
border security I don't think that would
increase our budget we already spend
more on health care than any other
country in the world I think I'm a
decreasing my we spent on health care
I know Rob has already increased the
budget for the military anyway so it
seems like we're not gonna get money
from there anyway but but but look at
how Affordable Care Act work and that
was a democratic health care policy so
they fight about caring was like a
Republican health care policy if what
count was horrible yeah but then why was
it passed by Obama because that was the
only thing that could get through but I
was like a revised [ __ ] ever gonna like
a Republican health care plan there was
no single-payer option at all in the
Affordable Care Act
I was just forcing you to buy from the
shitty private insurance companies that
we already hate well okay so I just I
want to get your stance on generally and
I've heard most of it but I'm still not
convinced I just want to get your stance
on generally so economically I believe
that Trump has been one of our greatest
modern presidents in history I believe
that a free-market economy versus what
these liberal progressives are proposing
such as yourself no offense is a social
safety net or what some capitalists are
referring to is a laissez-faire economy
or a full-on post capitalist economy I
believe in free market economy such as
Reaganomics wherever we cut corporate
tax rates can you just give me a little
spill on why you believe that's not the
answer that's a long conversation and I
I for I mean for instance I'm studying
economics a little bit in college so
it's just you know it's hell it's helped
me kind of understand why you know why
some of these capitalist policies and
why some of these free market economy
policies are gonna help us such as no
adding more jobs to the market and I
don't think that Reaganomics I you know
which is why I want him for re-election
so we can actually fully get the scope
of his free-market economic policies
into effect so why should we invest into
things such as a social safety net when
I don't think you know healthcare czar
right I don't think it's you know a
public commodity okay listen
these are all really great questions hit
me up next Sunday we'll go over them
okay well I listened destiny I don't
want you to avoid me okay I want to bug
you listen I'll take you on first if you
want to do it next Sunday okay I want to
do it next Sunday okay all right I'll be
okay all right and I am more than
willing to discuss this okay
I just want to end with one thing you
need to vote Trump and I can convince
you to vote Trump if you give me time to
okay I'll think about it okay
all right what's your chat name so you
can find you it on discord on no just
do-do-do-do-do GG it is widest
underscore asian okay
all right buddy it's been fun talking to
you vote Trump destiny
what Raj hey that guy still here no I
left
why what's up buddy [ __ ] it made some
good points Denis rush I was just gonna
[ __ ] I was coming in to argue with
him oh wait well hold on we can bring
them back here me get him ya wanna
[ __ ] dunk on him
oh [ __ ] I have to run ups I've got it
yeah I gotta go for it
yeah if I can bring him in okay let
Russia I'll bring provide the content
for my stream Thank You Tyler join me
back
general lobby and I'll bring you back
Raj how do you feel the destiny uses
your shows as a way to get laid
one second one sec one sec
uh he uses my shows to get laid I mean
hello hi only anybody else here's you
guys hello hello hey how you doing there
brother
I'm hello yep first of all I just want
to say I cannot wait for a second term
you okay
I am fully on board with that all right
yeah that's what I'm talking about now
this is just what I can't get wait real
quick real quick I am super glad to see
his fellow southerner thought I was kind
of surrounded I'm serious I was
surrounded by a wave of liberal
progressives well this is what this is
what really pisses me off is the hell
did they they keep talking about Biden
I'm still pissed off about those goddamn
emails I swear to God don't get started
about them Damn emails
I mean Benghazi clicking Hillary Clinton
Hillary crooked Hillary crooked [ __ ]
sheets are being goddamn [ __ ] prison
is that's what I'm [ __ ] telling you
and I'll tell you what Trump's gonna win
the White House and he's bringing Jesus
Christ gore Jesus Christ who wrote the
greatest book of all time the goddamn
Bible back okay wait I say Trump needs
more than four terms and my rap brother
understand I understand what Europe did
not write the Bible well I mean are you
sure about that me as a fellow Christian
right-front did not that is very
heretical I do not believe that you
should be saying things like that that
is very insulting to Christianity do not
be saying things such as that that is
very sacrilegious well all right well I
think we're gonna disagree right here
because I think he did write the Bible
okay so what points you to believe that
because I pray every [ __ ] night and I
know for sure that my Lord Jesus Christ
wrote that Bible if you prayed you in
curse all right well that is such a lot
hold on hold on hold on hold on okay I'm
kind of being surrounded by people that
are disagreeing with me all right I'm
feeling a little bit intimidated all
right real quick all right can I talk no
yeah go on I can okay
cursing has absolutely nothing to do
with this religion I have the freedom to
curse if I want to as long as
I as long as I still believe in repent
under the name of Jesus Christ than I am
able to be a Christian I do not see
alright no wait real play I do not
believe that cursive words have anything
to do with being a Christian the only
thing that I would say is you can't use
the Lord's name in vain if you want to
talk about excessive you know words like
that we're out now hold on
I got to tell you something but no wait
do you agree you got your yeah I just I
just want to ask if you agree I just
want to ask if you agree no no we
disagree on two fundamental issues here
the first one is then I talk to Jesus
right the Bible and he did not pay on
his contract that's the only thing is
the only thing that truck you know that
I'm a little conceited is really you
know he's good I mean he is the author
but he didn't pay Jesus I have no idea
what you're talking about sir
well I mean used to read up in it
because okay we'll give me some source
materials listen I am a scholar all
right I am currently at University and I
want to have some materials University
of what I do not want to disclose that
information I do not want to get doxed
University what well I thought you got
Jesus in your corner come on now
don't you worry about a thing you can't
you know you think the keyboard warriors
are gonna be able to get you when you
got Jesus I to a certain extent they can
because I do not want to put myself in
certain situations where I will for sure
get harmed listen you should understand
that and I don't think you should be
putting me in these situations all right
listen can we okay real quick and it's
it's Southern Methodist University and
that's all I'm gonna say okay all right
thank you all right all right all right
so now do you want to talk about
policies because I will have you believe
in free market arianism or social safety
net inside of this economic country
abso-fuckin'-lutely to what what do you
believe
in free market tourism or social safety
net yes or no I mean which one well
first of all you're gonna have to
[ __ ] slow down and talk about the
wall or the emails or some [ __ ] okay
well then let's talk about the wall
different way okay so let's talk about
let's talk about the wall let's talk
about the wall right let's talk about
the wall let's talk about the wall let's
all right well let's talk about the wall
okay let me tell you why we were talking
about the wall
it just got he's gonna pay for it and we
can talk a little bit about why Mexico
is gonna pay for if you let me talk all
right let's talk about no we agree
Mexican it was not directly paying for
it miksa and I'm being serious way but
Trump said many times Mexico would
directly pay for it we want to talk
about right now we can but I want to
talk a little bit about the wall I hope
I hope for it but admit that if he can't
get Mexico to pay for the wall oh and we
don't need the wall because Mexico is
the only Avenue that we need to have
that wall paid for wait wait who are you
gonna work okay so you support Trump
right ok so hello all right yo yo oh
yeah come on now what you got I want to
talk about the wall I want to talk about
the wall that's it that's not look
that's my main thing I want to get rid
of the drug cartels right well right now
all right okay
no no riddle me this riddle me this how
many people are done alright you're
cutting out now come on now come on now
it's like your Internet's a little
crooked is what I'm talking like a
liberal microphone looks like that he
expects us to pay for it is what I think
I think he expects some sort of
microphone tax so he can talk to our
thinking our liberal I think what he is
I think you what he is he's liberal know
every don't ever disrespect if that name
sir don't ever disrespect me with that
name real quick and I'm just gonna talk
all right once I hit I want to talk
about this wall if you will let me I
want to stop the drug cartels coming in
and plaguing us with the crimes that
they have you know listen listen alright
I I want to say something okay all right
I might respect some liberals but I am
NOT one so don't you dare call me a
liberal when I take full disrespect from
that and I just wanna I just want to say
some stuff about the wall because you
know as fun of a time as we might be
having now there are some serious issues
happen in our country and I I feel so
strongly about it I have seriously
thought about running for Congress and I
have some good ideas I believe so
so what when we put up this wall all
right it's gonna stop some of that drug
flow that's happening into our country
who who likes crimes that are happening
in our country that resorts to drugs
nobody I tell you what you better grab
that race by the [ __ ] come on now
get out in with it get on in with it
let's make America great again from the
governor's race to the Senate to the
Congress to the Constitution there's a
second goddamn amendment because god
damn it George Washington told us when
he created this goddamn country that we
got the right to bear [ __ ] rock true
okay see I I don't think Trump was
serious when he said grab him by the
[ __ ] it wasn't meant to be where people
know now look now look let's let's focus
he wasn't meant to be literal
Mexico to pay for the walk will be
literal we just meant to pay for it
secondhand
through policies such as NATO and
policies such as these we we all know so
why do I have to say it though so what
can we talk about liberal progressives
right now can we talk okay so seeing in
the media has further divided this one
okay real quick uh since you agree with
me I want to talk to Destiny about some
of these issues all right because he's
the one I want to convince all right and
I'm being serious where's where's
Destiny and I have a bathroom I think
okay so hey listen whatever okay but I
want actually wait I could get us on in
here if you want to debate Hassan I'll
bring that little no one in their right
mind well everybody goes famous on let's
get let's get him in here all these
liberal progressives on YouTube Hasan
Destiny David Pakman Kyle Cohen Sookie
they are toxic to the political spectrum
why help me one why would anyone I am on
here because I want to do a public
service to help all of the people in the
country support the right policies such
as funding the wall and against social
health care what is that going to do how
is it going to benefit everybody Trump
has done good things for this country
should I bring Dan in here for a circle
drink if he's on your side brother okay
well then bring Dan oh I'm getting this
on I'm trying to me let me tell you son
I was taught I so I'm a would
involved in the in media politics on
YouTube okay
so I'm a little bit in contact with some
of the right-wing some of the right-wing
conservatives such as Jesse Lee Peterson
and we have been we have been talking
about gun reform why are all these
liberals trying to take away our guns
and I'm being serious
okay all right well yeah look I'm sick
and tired are you talking about being
serious I've been serious since we got
in here well I have to keep saying I'm
serious because all these liberals are
gonna think that I'm not well they're
just a bunch of commies anyway well you
listen to me well they are commies but
the reason I'm listening to them is
because they keep growing and how can I
not
are you are you trying to say that
you're trying to appeal to people that
wanna want something is outrageous is
making sure people can be covered by
healthcare and get paid a living wage
are you kidding me but we all listen sir
I'm not stupid sir we are being paid a
living wage
I don't know these lives want somebody
to get a [ __ ] livable wage it's
entitled as [ __ ] no real quick really
that's the problem go to China so don't
say I don't think anybody in their right
mind can have a full-time job I have a
livable wage at Pizza Hut I'm working
for me too you too I think 725 an hour's
are no okay you're working full-time and
you can make them I'm bringing my
calculator out let's add it up 725 let's
say what's a full-time job 40 hours a
week forty hours a week
okay plus more if you want to work if
you want a more let's say let's say 300
let's say you get $300 a week okay so
you get two to nine a week if you work
40 hours a week let's give it a plus 10
plus time tax 300 times 4 that's about
$1,200 that's what I pay I pay $600 in
rent every month that is half my wage
that is half my damn wage plus 0 cents
okay what they are scorpions what are
you what a mile school fees yeah okay
so plus scholarships plus grants what C
right I don't want to give away that
exact number just cuz that's a little
personal all right but not everybody's
but not everybody's going to go to
school no school but you're in bed okay
but I have 12 on this minimum wage which
I can get minimum wage I'm a shift
manager but what I will say if I am
getting minimum wage if I am getting
minimum wage and getting around $12,000
a month's in my rent is six hundred
let's say two hundred plus or minus
every month for groceries and then plus
or minus 100 floor whatever fees you
might run into that's $900 a month
that's $300 that you can commit if you
are frugal enough to your debt for
student loans if you choose to go to
school and if not that's 300 extra extra
dollars how does that math not add up
well let me tell you something it does
add up and that's the problem with these
goddamn liberals wanting more money and
trying to tax the rich look I work for
that money
look I get paid minimum wage working 725
an hour all right after I'm done with
all my expenses rent after rent I got at
least three dollars and forty three okay
okay can I talk about something and
healthcare don't forget the tide to God
and brush okay so so what's what's the
alternative to become a country like
Venezuela or Cuba do you want to be okay
no like a socialist country like
Venezuela a socialist country like
Venezuela sometimes you got to make cuts
but it's livable I would prefer that 100
you
you
that tells you that it's
um okay I said you said you had 300 like
at the end of the month to put towards
school right well no I have more than
that before huh no just like the average
person right yeah if you're making some
what if I've been working around 40 I
would about the 10% that yo to God yeah
yo 10% to God
Tyler you had to play Jesus okay so then
so then that's $30 that goes to God all
right thank you okay so $270 yeah God
gets his cut and so let me add that
that's 10% after taxes if you want to
bring out tithe that's 10% at after 1000
before God then sir I'm not cheating
gone you're cheating God you do it
before Texas if you want to argue the
semantics we can yeah I'll go ask my
pastor ok go ask but before the taxes
isn't going to determine whether or not
I go to heaven or hell I promise you
that also it's 10% of 1,200 not um no
it's gonna be 10% of 300 go yes that you
have to take care of what you have to
take care of give me give me a reference
give me a biblical quote ok you give me
a biblical quote for before or after 10%
I asked you for a quote first sir ok so
I asked you for a quote - so ok I'll
find micro you go first though ok I'll
find my quote - while you find your
quote all right I'm down my Bible here
don't listen to this mr. Mouton he's a
goddamn believe me go back to China
hello hello sorry I'm behind big in the
Bible right now ROG I believe you
because I'm actually looking up yes me
too
okay all right I just want to make that
clear just went to Bible study three
weeks here are we talking about this so
let me ask are you so yeah I'm assuming
your question a Christian name yeah
nondenominational non-denominational
okay I am a Southern Methodist all right
I got a miamisburg Assembly of God
Miamisburg Assembly of God okay so no
one
he works at Pizza Hut sorry and Jesus
was behind him as he wrote it himself
some days I think that Trump is a you
know an embodiment of God like the holy
spirit the holy I'm not gonna say I'm
not gonna say whether or not I believe
that Trump wrote the Bible because I
don't believe you did but what I will
say is I do think I do think some people
are acting on the wrong end of the
spectrum so much to the case that we can
actually say that they are acting in in
an anti religious way so they are
enemies of Christianity such as Obama
Hillary Quinn I have my uh I have my
quote my Bible quote okay so you go
ahead then
and he blessed him and said blessed be
Abraham by God Most High possessor of
heaven and earth and blessed be God Most
High who has delivered your enemies into
your hand and Abraham gave him a tenth
of everything of everything now before
taxes though you liberals like to talk
about anecdotes all the time so why
would an anecdotal reference have an
empirical rule on all of Christianity
that is a straw manufactured
where's your quote please go ahead Tyler
I'm ready for you know so mr. Mouton you
go ahead and answer my question what was
your question so why is an anecdotal
reference of an action that Abraham did
in the Bible enact empirical rules to
the entire religion of Christianity
because Abraham is something that we
should all strive to be like he followed
okay but just because followed
everything's God said but does that
become canonical law yes it does it does
okay we should also carry our sons up to
the mountain to kill him yes okay so now
now I just can't believe a word you're
saying
why if God told me to do it I wouldn't
okay if God told you to do it but God's
not gonna tell you to kill your son
because we're not in they don't know
that okay but you don't know that he's
not going to okay but if you told me to
do it I'd do it God's Way do you
question God's Word okay
okay let me let me let me give you a
verse let me give you a verse you ready
yeah alright let me type it in to get
the exact number one second because this
I believe that the Bible's not perfect
which is a perfectly normal thing to
write oh you're questioning the Word of
God sir no bow never mind you're a
heathen you're one of them you're one of
the Liberals when our question is the
writing of the humans he's googling
God's Word Raji doesn't have a word
right next to him he doesn't have the
Bible do you okay do you have the Bible
next to you sir yes let me hear the
pages that could be it's the Bible right
next to me what do you want sir the end
hello bet your ass that I have a Bible
right next to my streaming computer God
is the most holy let me hear your Bible
picture well okay
hey real quick real quick mr. Muto yes
what are your thoughts on revelations
you have to give me the direct quote
okay
let us pray okay actually not not
revelations oh so you have an issue with
revelation so one moment but real quick
I do want to say that revelations is
metaphorical okay I have been in Bible
study classes I do go to Southern
Methodist University you can't take it
all literally you might not mean ten
percent literally for instance for
instance if you look at this not the
Gospels just as Matthew Mark Luke and
John if you try to line up so they're
all preaching the same gospel of Jesus
but if you try to line them up exactly
exactly it's not gonna line up because
they're all telling their own personal
story of the revelation of Jesus Christ
through the chapter I think that you
just want to scam God out of his right
no that's not true and I think you've
been cheating your eyes a long time you
need to go beg forgiveness Christ know
what I think you need to be doing is not
cast judgment on other people which is a
sin in and of itself and I will
you know what I'll do right now Lord
Jesus Christ and do it please forgive me
I have cast a judgement on one of your
children I I sincerely regret my actions
please God forgive me
amen now you forgive him for all the
money he didn't give him I will forgive
him in my own personal time away from
all of you heathens you you're using
Christ's name in vain rush you should
read the Bible says thou shalt use the
name in vain like this talk I do not
like this talk of the Bible in such a
negative manner let me say something I
want to Thailand would you would you
lead us in prayer please please the
whole chat please would you lead this
their sinning liberal progressive
nonsense
[ __ ] minimum wage raising health
care given Caprice now then put some of
the blood on the horns of the altar of
fragrant incense that is before the Lord
in the time of meeting the rest of the
Bulls blood he shall pour out at the
base of the altar of burnt-offering
at the entrance to the tent of meeting
this is the real Leviticus chapter 4
verse 7 everything that the Lord said or
not everything that the Lord said has
meant to be taken literally there are
messages within the gospel that is
blasphemy and you shall you have to
decipher the messages on your own and
it's myth it's they're meant to decipher
you you can't take everything literally
in Old Testament then we'd still be
sacrificing sheep in the virgin lamps
that's right yeah well I mean that's
right that's right that's right that's
absolutely right Thank You Tyler for
leading us in prayer
and rinsing us of our liberal sins like
caring for other people especially
Department man let me tell you something
I would hey okay real quick real quick
can I can't talk about something real
quick I just I want to get my message
about something real quick I wanna get
my message about some Lord said only tax
the rich ok Destiny's coming back I want
to talk to him about something real
quick what the [ __ ] are you guys going
on about holy [ __ ] talking now I said
the Lord said tax the middle class and
reduce the taxes on the rich amen that
they can distribute the wealth even
though they take it by way of bonuses
and yachts that's what the ok just think
I talked you directly in the Bible yes
y'all real quick
y'all real quick come on Tyler brother
or brother Roger speaking go ahead rush
you know what I found an email the other
day that she sent to bin Laden directly
to bin Laden Hillary did 9/11 I tell you
what just read it they don't want you to
see it they don't want you to see that
Hillary was the mastermind behind 9/11
she talked she was emailing she was
using a private server to email bin
Laden okay so what okay what do we got
Tyler go okay so so we were talking
about socialized health care why would
you want to be a socialist nation when
you look at countries such as Venezuela
what about countries like Norway Sweden
or Finland or Germany or the United
Kingdom Frances but I asked you first
what about countries such as Venezuela
and Cuba Venezuela failed because they
tried to priests trick hard core price
controls on a lot of their commodities
and cause their private companies to
leave nobody's talking about doing that
in the United States nobody's talking
about having social safety nets either
we're talking about a fully socialist
nation no one's talking about making
America a fully socialist Nathan
we read pale straw man we're top we
agree with the guy that's tough no
please read bills promeo agree with the
guy that's talking about the oh okay so
so why do you why do you believe so what
are we talking about then if we're not
talking about a full socialist nations
having a having the government pay for
health care go on now get him Queen okay
but what why should we do that though
because right now a lot of people can't
afford health care and because there are
enough inefficiencies in the market to
make paying for it privately really
inefficient we waste a lot of money as
in like we spend more money than any
other country and we don't get good
returns on it our health care outcomes
aren't good in the US and we spent a lot
of money on it
but could you define how it's not good
because from my perspective I believe
it's been pretty pretty good ever since
we've abolished eight ACA well first
thing we haven't abolished the ACA
second well we've we've been in the
process of doing so yeah but nothing has
changed well alright is that even a real
guy right now is this a sound board I
don't know what you're talking about
that's brother rod Steve okay so so what
so you believe that the government
should pay for health care
yeah no why why would you want to expand
the government though because I'm in so
I'm in support of a smaller government
and why is that necessarily a bad thing
if we can allow private corporations to
provide health care for us it seems like
they haven't been able to do that so far
though but house how so because I have
health care
my family has health care people who
have health care so I don't know what
any total evidence that you're speaking
from but it's right have you so right
now in the United States about forty
four million people have no health
insurance or two million yeah okay so
can you give me the source for that you
get really sick just like he brought
back all the jobs and there's a PBS link
I don't know what they cite but I mean I
don't think these are like contestant
okay okay let me let me take that
okay no actually that's the good that's
a good thing that you brought scene in
because I do want to talk about
corporate media no let's not talk about
corporate media then let's talk about
the US Census okay ran by the cookie US
Census says that twenty-eight point five
million people had no health insurance
at any point during the year okay you
don't think that's a problem well okay
so what I believe is that you know every
country is going to have let me rephrase
that I'm trying to find a way to
articulate this but I don't think that
we should necessarily be giving handouts
to people yeah well in in the in the
terms of expanding our government to
provide free health care for everybody
so do we just let them die in the
streets or what's the dying out in the
streets if you want to if you look I'm
against Big Pharma if that's what you're
asking me and I think that we should
make pharmaceutical drugs more cheaper
so that way if you do have an illness or
something or if you want to buy I mean I
have been doing some research as a
Harvard link says that a study finds
that forty-five thousand deaths annually
are linked to a lack of health care
coverage don't you think that's okay so
you're saying forty five thousand forty
four million so it's like that I said
forty four million I don't think I was
at forty four million but I said some
tens of millions people don't have
health insurance no I'm saying that
forty five thousand people actually died
because of it yes so here's the deal
those numbers are incredibly
disconnected because forty five thousand
of you know some odd numbers of tens of
millions if you want to lower that
forty-five thousand deaths so first of
all that's extremely rare but if you
want to limit that and like let's say
rare cases if you have a terrible
disease where you need health coverage
for my consulate let's think about so
you need health coverage for what so you
can get prescribed either medicine or
for treatment and what does that
treatment come from pharmaceutical
companies that give you drugs for some
rare diseases or something so I if we
can't lower the prices of those
pharmaceuticals then I think that would
substantially lower them well I agree
one of the ways in other countries lower
one of those
country one of those ways the one of the
ways that countries lower the cost of
those is to set a price on them this is
what the NHS does in the United Kingdom
they set drug prices they say this is
how much this drug is going to class
period yes can I please talk okay so
quit speaking over him so all we have to
do is tackle Big Pharma without
expanding the government and how do we
do that main argument that I'm talking
about is well one the one reason you
don't do it is by expanding a socialist
health care system that's one reason
that's one way that you don't why did it
work for every other Western country
they tried it Venezuela Cuba
first of all Venezuela and Cuba have
other circumstances that are never going
to impact us for instance Cuba had a
massive embargo acted on them by a much
larger country that was like a few
hundred miles away okay
like can I say something you said that
they're entirely connected but I heard
you saying verbatim on stream that Trump
was an authoritarian what is the
Venezuelan government know it I'm saying
that how are you disconnecting those two
countries when and I don't believe so
but I'm saying from your perspective if
you believe that Trump is in
authoritarian while Venezuelan also runs
an authoritarian government is what
you're also claiming okay Venezuela
failed for reasons related to setting
hard core price controls on certain
commodities we're not talking about
doing that so why do you think
socialized health care is the answer
though yes because it worked on all the
other Western countries like like you
you're gonna talk to Scandinavian
countries right who else I mean it has
like a form of public option the NHS
exists a single-payer in the United
Kingdom one France and Spain have public
options like I'm pretty sure I'm pretty
sure every major European country has
like public health care
yeah New Zealand and Australia do okay
but it's also not under the system that
we're proposing they're funding private
health insurance directly to the
hospitals Oh these countries have some
of these countries have single-payer and
public options these are
government-funded all these people are
joining the Damn Channel all right
listen I'm gonna go out to eat okay this
is your stream now go like homely went
good like you like okay all right let's
save Raj okay have we gotten to contact
time have we got real quick have we got
on third now okay have we gotten the
contact with have we got to contact with
us on with Kaka whisky or David tag I
can pull I can get David back men on
okay David yeah fake news sad watching
tax paid [ __ ] come here where is
he
hello hello okay okay look go on now hey
I'm being outnumbered can we please get
Jessie come on
I'm calling Jesse we Peterson well one
moment one moment I'm down you got a
problem with black people coming on
right no I'm saying come on I understand
you know but we gotta go we're going to
an NRA rally tonight so we got a lead
but hey it's been a pleasure talking to
you and I'm just thankful all right sir
Tyler is here to spread the word a cries
and Donald Trump to the lips and I
cannot wait for another term don't J
hopefully more hopefully more than just
one term that's right three terms three
minimum
more years till death do us part to the
good Lord calls king trunk and I cannot
tell you Trump has done more for this
country than any other modern president
in history
true Tyler shut your [ __ ] mouth
before I go don't you dare talk to me
like that sir don't you dare talk to me
like that sir we are Villa transport it
is
excuse me Tyler I'm talking to you Tyler
shut your [ __ ] okay watch I'm
starting to think you're a commie Tyler
let me finish
don't you dare you got one mouth and two
ears Tyler now listen to what brother
Raj has to say oh I'm going let me tell
you something there was nothing more
beautiful then the First Lady of the
United States of America Melania J truck
orgeous and the First Lady of the United
States go on Tyler go on I do personally
think that Melania if she wasn't his
back nevermind
well I'll tell you one thing Melania
Trump she's very lucky to have Donald
Trump as mr. Trump as a husband I will
say that all right all right now okay
well we gotta go now mr. boot yeah you
get on now all right can we please Raj
who's your friend I want to say goodbye
to him brother brother Kirk nice to meet
you
we're gonna leave now but I just wanted
today if you're gonna talk much keep up
the good work make sure you vote for
Trump and if you're gonna vote for
somebody else don't vote true brother
Kirk that's what this country a united
front
go on I'm telling you I'm going on this
country is about
if you it's about voting but if you vote
for the wrong person it's about
restricting it making it regrettable
difficult well you got it front we're
taking the nation by storm
it's right we are taking the nation by
storm all right now we really got to go
we got to go in there already
go on now give our eyes no all right so
can we get mr. Patman in here please
yeah he's on the way okay it's like an
hour and thank you soon okay I do want
to talk about some of the socialist
policies who is this tall guy in the
channel don't worry about me buddy
wait is destiny really gone
alright stalled who are you sir I don't
know if I can have you on here spouting
uh yeah no ice again I don't like I can
have Yahoo's padding to them we had
someone to rebuke you you know well I
mean I can argue with you meet on or
snow I'm not well-versed enough and it's
not worth my time it's also I'm not in
any money for this so okay well I can
clean they all better I'll give you a
capitalist AG in the chat if you'd like
that I would love that
and then when mr. Patton gets here I'd
love to come back and talk to him a
little bit more if we can do that but
yeah I'm telling you I want to you know
headstrong go against every progressive
media media anchor so I I mean I started
off with destiny I think he's gotten
some good points but I think I've gotten
some good points as well I want to talk
to you mr. Pakman and then hold on Tyler
Tyler name one of your points wait first
of all I want to see where you're coming
from in this situation I want it all
right this what you think has I'm a very
personable man what's your name star so
we can you know you can just call me
stalled come on now
so I support the wall that's one you
said at one point yes yeah but but how
is that a point you support the wall
that's your opinion right
that's not
what do you mean it's not a point means
it's not a point okay so Trump supports
the wall there I'll rephrase that excuse
me
okay that is a point that I guess is a
fact but that is just you stating his
opinion so how was that
that that's what I don't know what you
under like what are you asking for me
it's like you know how someone wins an
argument okay right so how have you won
an argument
because I have set points that destiny
could not contradict right so I
encounter named me one of those that we
need to that we should not have
socialized healthcare and all he did was
refer to me European countries that are
not ourselves and that are not the
system that we are planning on going
towards
but we are dead this is a goal all right
we are only trying to reach in
understandings to make America great
again to make peace and unity America
even if we disagree alright that's
that's the main goal all right so that
that's all what I'm trying to do I'm
sorry I wasn't paying any attention
could you repeat like the last three
sentences you said
all right okay wait wait with destiny
I'm here a time feel comfortable
platforming our friend Pilar here so I'm
gonna cut it though Thank You Tyler we
will I gave you a capitalist Flair all
right Thank You Lora
and fun boat route Lucas do you think
like I was trolling Oh 100% he was like
um but I do like him so I mean it was
good content I'll say that much it was
with Raj definitely all right everybody
that's the end of the stream I think so
uh I don't know when the [ __ ] Destiny's
gonna be back but I'm not gonna be here
and I'm probably not gonna let anybody
else be in here so yeah peace out thanks
okay listen I thought that when I left I
thought rajendran we're gonna go on for
like a [ __ ] hour okay I didn't know
[ __ ] he would leave immediately guys
okay Jesus Christ okay hi I didn't feel
bad by hundred Li coming back to tell
you guys goodbye
[Music]
