that goes into what I have this idea of
me walking into a house and some old
lady is there with her [ __ ] oxygen
container and I'm like you got 30 days
grandma you've like I'm so happy stand
like I like you've upped your game like
so much on so many levels it's really
crazy yeah but like there's like a lot
of stuff that you could just do better
and you did yeah but I mean like this is
kind of what I was talking to you about
before when you were here right how I
feel like because the way that I see it
is if you're a reasonably intelligent
person if you surround yourself with
successful people
you can't take nothing from that like
you have to pick up something right like
even just you like it's really it sounds
dumb but like you being here and me
picking up that reading habit from you
might actually be like one of the
largest game changers in my life over
the next like five or ten years right
like so for instance like you mean about
buying Jordan Peterson's book but I
could actually do that now and I could
actually like a substantial critique of
him because I'll have actually read the
book just cuz I don't have anything else
to write now like that's actually
possible to do now because I've ripped
that habit from you you know absolutely
yeah and like if you think about it if
you even read one book a month right and
you need 12 books a year then you span
it over five years and you're 60 books
ahead it's actually like that's a lot
like that's that's way ahead of what
almost anybody else is like educated on
doing and you're reading books that are
a focal point on that subject yeah yeah
there's that [ __ ] and then the thing
about being more precise with timetables
on emails like it's not even like big
[ __ ] but like I feel like if you this is
my feeling and maybe it's harder for you
to understand this because I don't know
how much you spend of your professional
life living in the middle of [ __ ]
nowhere but like if I'm around a bunch
of people that are really successful it
like it's really hard not to pick up
something like you kind of have to or at
least I feel like I have to because I
would feel dumb like staying in the same
spot accomplishing or doing nothing if I
was around a bunch of people like you
were dinner whatever right well no you
may be down a little bit if I hung
around and too much I probably served
[ __ ] buying over real estate that
would be the end of my life right yeah I
saw that [ __ ] clip of reckful the
other day that was some [ __ ] stupid
[ __ ] alright well I couldn't believe
that when I heard that wait what clip
saying don't get don't get real estate
because Amazon's go
higher and higher I mean I didn't don't
even know how to respond to that wait
well reckful is uh is rifle trade
securities yeah no no he's not real I
know he's a very I know he's very good
at trading securities but he's he he's
not in real estate no not at all yeah
that's the old quote has never trust a
fat doctor and sometimes sometimes he I
mean he's probably not that
knowledgeable in that dandy you do real
estate like a lot of it yeah okay wait
what do you mean buddy don't wait what
do you mean by don't trust I've had
doctor about reckful if he doesn't trade
real estate or he doesn't do real estate
why would you trust him all sure sure
okay gotcha yeah yeah he's done well in
stock stuff for sure yeah but yeah that
doesn't make a knowledgeable real estate
no for sure breakfast is looking at it
was similar to the way that I would look
at it where it's like with real estate
it's a highly risky volatile
undiversified asset and you can make I
don't want to say guaranteed but you can
make really good returns in the markets
especially for the past two or three
years insane and you're so much more
diversified against all types of risk
and then real estate requires more
active management right with a stock you
can I buy it and forget it not like
long-term but like you buy it and you
just keep tabs on it with a real estate
yeah sure but I mean wait what am I
saying that's so wrong actually because
that's the risky [ __ ] stocks are risky
you know most stocks aren't going to
give any meaningful dividends you're
gonna have something that can go down or
up or stay static where is the real
estate you're getting an income stream
depending on where you get you have the
asset itself appreciating you're able to
leverage to buy it which you can't
effectively do with okay but okay we
can't have this to really have this
discussion we would have to go into
quantifiable data because you're gonna
give me a story right now that sounds no
I'm not gonna give you a story yeah
here's a story you're giving me you're
saying well stocks can have shitty
dividends and sometimes the stock might
go up or down and stocks are very highly
diversified with real estate you get a
stream of income the asset can be
appreciating that's a story you're
telling me right now I can tell you
another story where I say well will the
stock I can buy to sell it very easily
at any time it's very easy to liquidate
I can make massive gains on a stock you
know and then I could sell it or move to
another one with real estate the value
might depreciate I might not be able to
get anybody to fill the actual thing I
might get a bad renter that destroys the
[ __ ] property like and it's very
highly under versified if one bad thing
happens in California it can affect all
of my real estate as opposed to a
security that I can liquidate II mean
like we can tell stories all day right
it just depends at the end of the day
feels like you're putting a tremendous
amount of value on the
to liquidate something right away which
doesn't seem like that should be that
important unless you're literally well
that well I mean if your [ __ ] is
starting to depreciate liquidate is kind
of important know is that you can't
really just leave them alone and like
expect them to do well like you can do
that for like an ETF in the S&P 500
expect to gain like five to seven
percent for your I don't think that
phrase securities you're not normally
like buying and selling like in these 24
hour time frames I don't think is what
Rifle normally does reckful does options
doesn't he if I'm not mistaken any well
I'd be curious to ask him where the
majority of his income is coming from if
it's if it's and I would guess right
it's either options or short term
securities a short term to find is like
yeah yeah yeah because some of these
huge games have come from puts yeah yeah
yeah like stuff like Twitter and [ __ ]
like that I made a lot of money off that
and things like that so the thing with
reckful to keep in mind I don't want to
speak for him but I'm pretty sure if I
talk to me to agree with this he loses
he has a lot of big losses right yeah
sure but his wins are bigger than his
losses yeah for sure so and he also
talks about his wins and not as much of
his losses so like when you hear that he
gets I don't know he said he did he made
that like like some huge amount on
Twitter or something uh-huh that's not
taking into account all of the white
options that didn't work out right it's
just like so those are probably
generally like short-term short short
term trades sure how's the front
probably even less than 15 day time
frames we have to ask him but yeah I
mean he talks about his losses sometimes
but I imagine it's annoying to talk
about because people can't like
contextualize that right well nobody in
twitch tech and [ __ ] conceived the
level he's trading out anyway yeah he's
well I mean like people there are a lot
of people I know that like remember the
fact that reckful is like lost like a
hundred thousand a trade and that's like
oh they know about him and they think
he's like horribly [ __ ] yeah and so I
mean this saying there's there's huge
gains that can be had in real estate if
you think about things objectively as
well you don't need to be there on the
pulse of doing stuff it's a little bit
of waiting and seeing but you know you
have static income from it you can have
if you if you do things right an asset
that appreciates and just the main thing
is that the government wants you to own
real estate and you have all these
advantages that just are not present
there with stocks that alone almost
makes it worth it the seriously
considered real estate the downside
being is that yet you have to deal with
human problems some bad tenants
building managers that might give you
you know be a pain in the ass like these
are the trade-offs but the the good
parts of it make up for it significantly
hey the one thing I agree with Dan on is
that probably real estate has a longer
window that you can sit on it safely
then then securities do I I can't think
of many companies outside of tech in the
last like in recent memory where you
would like gain a really crazy amount by
just sitting on the security I guess and
the crazy thing is just how attached or
it seems like I can understand somebody
like reckful especially and even myself
to some extent like buying real estate I
feel like you're so much more involved
in that process than just even trading
options like it's not let me try to give
you my anecdotal side by the way you
know I don't think anybody should trade
options well no no but I'm saying like
if you wanted to like your commitment
like finding a house you know purchasing
and getting a property manager is like a
lot more like a lot more committed to
having like that's yeah for the initial
onset my anecdotal so I have an
apartment building in San Francisco I
just want to and I know this is a
typical but I want to give you the level
of involvement so maybe this is the
upside that you can expect so I found an
apartment building in San Francisco I
think in 2010 okay and I bought that
place i leveraged so I didn't buy it all
in cash I could have chose not to so I
put down four hundred four hundred K the
place was one point four when I bought
it and then after owning it I put more
money into it remodeling it okay now
that same building right there is worth
over five million dollars
I have probably total of my own money
less than a million dollars into it the
place is worth more than five right now
and I take in more than thirty grand a
month and in the period I I mean I don't
know how that's like more than five
years so I've almost made half of my
money back just collecting rent at this
point doing nothing else but what if you
would have shot that same money into
like Amazon stock or even Amazon and
leave that'll be up let's see you think
I'd be up 6x if I put it in Amazon how
long he can like 2010 right well what
I'm curious about is that it normal is
that something you can normally expect
from as a return from like a real estate
deal like you also own some you own that
warehouse in New York now right
also yeah okay so yeah and like okay if
you would put that money and haul it
real quick if you would put that money
in a 2010 you would be up one thousand
four hundred seventy five percent you
okay well that's with the Amazon yeah
but you also sound like you have like a
really good deal to like but you would
also this Steven you would also have to
have the foresight to know that Amazon
was going to be that kind of sure but we
play these same games with real estate
like when you have to have the foresight
to know because there's not does not the
downside protection you knew buying
house there's a floor value especially
people felt that way in two thousand of
the cost to build a house okay there's a
cost to build the house especially no
that's not true those costs can be
inflated based on the current markets
though but Stephen if you even in the
2008 crash or whatever if you held on to
that house and you had it now it would
be worth way more like I don't know if
that's true I don't know if every single
place is recovered in that way I don't
think that's true Chris reals I'm
talking on my ass a little bit going by
it what I know my parents house in
Florida because I know that hasn't
recovered in value and a lot of things
in a bird but that might be specific so
if someone in chat knows more about that
I could be wrong I'm sure that like
major areas so like la New York Seattle
like these places like Austin but these
places probably recovered but I don't
know if every place recovered after the
housing crash all right why even if
every one of them didn't if 95% of them
did so like that that way I guess what
the the picture that Dan is trying to
paint I think is that in general real
estate is actually less risky than
securities is that right then yeah
there's no ongoing work I don't I don't
do actually yeah I guess like might the
way that I look at it and maybe I'm just
applying a heuristic that's too simple
for this and I shouldn't be doing it is
it like what Dan is selling me a deal
that sounds too good to be true that's
the only reason I don't believe it I
guess like what that I could just dump a
ton of money into real estate and
consistently outperform the markets that
sound I think then why why doesn't
everybody do it I'll tell you right now
yeah because everybody doesn't have a
[ __ ] hundred thousand dollars in free
folk crash like you do to be able to do
it that is why because people can't
invest in real estate because their
income is insufficient to do it this is
this is this only if I was in a Tele
pricing right now and I would just empty
my [ __ ] I would liquidate all my ETFs
and I would he's going [ __ ] to
leverage that unrealistic Versa fi'in
Ida first if I'm the first fight all
over the [ __ ] place
I'm just saying real estate is an
important part of that diversification
for sure there's no way you would ever
catch me having all of my stuff in socks
in nothing in real estate real estate is
a good
for a [ __ ] reason because there's
again for no other reason besides the
fact that the government gives you a
thousand and one [ __ ] reasons to buy
real estate those reasons those
incentives have to be priced into the
real estate already though that that has
to be there no Steven so Steven Ali's an
analogy in securities okay do you know
you know like hedge funds do an
accredited investor is somebody that's
authorized to borrow like a [ __ ] ton of
money or something for big banks is like
no no sure is a person who earns out of
tune of $50,000 a year or has a net
worth of over a million dollars okay the
investor is a very specific type of
thing it's a it's an actual thing that
you are okay if you were to credit
investor you have access to securities
that other people literally do not have
access to they cannot legally invest in
them okay okay and those and those
securities are usually hedge funds so if
you invest in a hedge fund with as a
credit investor you could expect much
higher returns than other securities
that other people that poor people
literally can't invest in wait wait how
much money do I need to be an accredited
investor $250,000 a year in in net
income or 1 million dollars in cash
assets cash assets so that doesn't
include like a house and car you just
have to show that the equity that you
have okay
wait and then I can just buy hedge wait
how do i buy hedge funds which site can
I do that advant go ahead well one way
you can kind of get into it so there's a
site called Angel list right an angel
list is but we're all the tech startups
for the most part will list their stuff
for fund raising you have to bug that
[ __ ] on there yeah but they have funds
on there then they have funds that are
perfect on the net assets ever but it's
in equity asset it's equity asset right
now yep so if you had a yeah yeah like
what is like a hedge fund return as
opposed to like stock market returns you
can expect ten to fifteen percent from
hedge funds no problem and sometimes
higher and with much more predictable
results we'd that sounds like cheating
it is yeah what's like you do Chi what
your energy expression the rich get
richer yeah wait wait what's your what's
your what's your minimum hundred grand
and then you just you get like shares of
a hedge fund like et yeah or how does it
work oh no you can go
I don't want this I don't want angel to
say I'm not afeared whatever real
conversation about this off-white we can
get I could introduce you to bunch of
people okay like like yeah so but yeah
hedge funds could expect a much higher
return and so yeah that's the point it's
like the Dan [ __ ] I was originally
trying to support you on this because
what I'm saying is that barrier exists
in real estate but it's a it's a what do
they call it what it's like a phantom
barrier like like it's it's sure a
person that makes 30k a year could buy
an apartment complex in some in theory
right but they're never gonna yeah yeah
they're never gonna be able to because
they don't have the initial income
they're never gonna get a loan approved
and what Dan is saying about real estate
something that Dan said that was really
[ __ ] smart is what you can't do in
securities is leverage real is leverage
money but while you can it's called
options well no I know what you mean
yeah you're right you can't leverage
money because you only have to put like
20% down or whatever and you leverage a
huge amount of money to make a bigger
income from you take a loan out for for
real estate property and then have your
rent or your or your or that your income
from it pay back the huge disparity on
that as well like yeah borrow money at
like three and a half percent I oh and
you could be taking in the equivalent of
like you know depending on the caps
seven to ten percent like that's insane
so you want to borrow as much as you can
you can leverage the [ __ ] out of [ __ ]
it's like a huge advantage oh wait that
Warren Buffett challenge was over
managed hedge funds wasn't it I have no
idea what wait [ __ ] hedge funds
nevermind oh don't do this you're gonna
I know what meme you're gonna pull right
you're gonna be like hedge funds don't
Matt perform the market man yeah the
team is gonna pull weight anyway yes
they [ __ ] do it's that there's a
difference between hedge funds that are
publicly managed by people like Charles
Schwab and people like fidelity which
those yes they don't outperform the
market very rarely and private hedge
funds that you can invest in which
almost always outperform the market so
the stats on it are like let's see what
did they say it was something like is it
like ninety percent or ninety two
percent of hedge funds don't at perform
the market okay this is the eight
percent that do their behind private
walls that you can like if you invest
with great values guys at Bridgewater
any of those
they've outperformed the market for like
40 straight years can you source me this
is this like recorded somewhere well
yeah I mean I have read you can just
check his you can just check out
Bridgewater
yeah like Bridgewater is a good example
of like a regular I perform they have a
method called the all-season and
portfolio wait where can I see like
their like I'm like history like out
like return history they're actually by
