what's up buddy me yeah wait I was just
in the other channel hold on let me get
off your string sure thing dude all
right so I hop probably a quarter of the
way through mm-hmm and the only issue I
well the unless there was some huge
qualifier at the beginning it just seems
like she is trying to paint like way to
blur out of a picture of any point that
disagrees with there like what well it
just like the idea that you can
characterize someone based off like some
sort of undertone that isn't even there
but you know it's like somewhere out the
ether so the last part of the video
actually addressed this specifically is
that it's really hard to identify and
that even she makes mistakes where she
thinks some people might be signaling it
but they actually aren't this is part of
the kind of the goal of the way that
they message but I mean did you actually
I'm sure that there is some small subset
of like right-wing people who do
actually do that or like you know we're
talking about that subset it's
essentially like racist people but I I
do not agree with that that's like
anywhere near like a majority I have
totally agree that's the point though
the problem is that a small minority of
people that are genuinely racist and
genuinely hateful are able to manipulate
large groups of people via messaging
that's more palpable to them yeah that
is what I disagree with like a lot I
don't think that anybody who is like
what she was saying an order me
basically huh I don't think any nor me
who believes in like right-wing things
is actually getting accosted into this
lifestyle by this like a racial
undertone okay I mean I guess we can
agree to disagree but I've seen plenty
of people that are starting to give
strong arguments for why black people
are genetically predisposed to crime or
why all Mexicans are like racist and
murderer thieves murderers
you know that's anecdotal evidence like
like you love to cite which part is
anecdotal the part where Trump won the
election based on this type of
propaganda or so yeah I disagree I don't
think that you can actually make that I
think it's really easy to wait why can't
I make the argument that Trump won the
election based on a lot of pretty racist
propaganda
because you can't you can't attribute
racism to people voting in a way that
you dislike well it seemed like a lot of
racism was a pretty big selling part of
Trump's message there was a lot of anti
Islam rhetoric there was a lot of anti
Mexico rhetoric yeah I mean I think
you're attributing racism to what what
you can call stupidity and I don't
actually think it's these stupid people
we're voting for Trump and that are or I
don't think that they're getting like
convinced by this undertone of racism
you know what I mean like it's people
that is crowds literally chant build the
wall build the wall what do you think
you could argue for a wall you know with
it's not actually racist like you could
have tight border control
you are hood but when you're messaging
is literally we need to put up a wall
because Mexico is sending rapists
murderers and thieves here that doesn't
have racial undertones to you I mean
that definitely does but it's when I was
Trump's message I mean yeah but he's not
saying that the majority of them are he
said that you when Mexico sends people
over here they're said they're not
sending their best they're sending
rapists murderers and thieves and some
of them are good people I imagine so
because minority there yeah but the
illegal ways people are getting over
here actually there were so many people
who were like raping people coming over
yeah but when you say so many that
number is less than than any native grew
number I've ever seen in my life I've
never seen a number that says illegal
immigrants commit crimes and greater
proportion than the native than natives
well so now you're talking about once
they get here you're saying that it's
probably the same crime right
no it's less where do you see that I
have a hard time believing that I mean I
would argue it's probably the same but I
have our time believing people who come
here illegally are already committing
you know a crime to come here illegally
are less likely to commit crime in the
future I would say that there by default
as likely as someone who's living here
in the first place okay hold on one
second I'm sorry well do you have that
because I'm not even pro Trump for
anything I just you accused me of using
anecdotes so this is data pulled from a
Cato study that they pulled from Census
Bureau statistics this shows that you
sent me this on discard so this shows
the proportion of the incarceration
rates for illegal immigrants illegal
immigrants and all natives and you can
see that illegal immigrants compared to
all natives is actually like half and
then legal immigrants has even further
beneath that so when you say that you
feel like illegal immigrants commit more
crime than than I didn't say that well
that's what it sounded like you said you
had a hard time believing it was the
other way around so I assumed that you
meant the opposite was true so I'm
carrying I just you just thought that I
assumed that it would be the same but oh
yeah and you can I link the fuller
article that it comes from and then you
can go to the Bureau if you don't I
guess I think they misrepresented the
stats whatever but I'm curious why you
think that illegal immigrants commit
more crime is it because of stories
you've heard or have you actually seen
stats or numbers that point in the other
direction no no again I didn't say that
I think they commit more crime I said I
if I had to assume without stats like I
just said I would assume that they come
at the same amount of crime okay but I
had a hard time believing because like I
mean I thought it would be rational to
assume that if someone's committing one
crime they're probably more likely to
commit a different crime in the future
gotcha so you were a victim of
propaganda essentially is what you're
saying
mmm no because I also wouldn't base
policy around whether or not people
coming here are committing crime because
that's such a small subset why would you
think that somebody that was risk their
life illegally immigrating to another
country would come here just to be a
criminal couldn't I just be a criminal
in Mexico yeah sure so it seems like
you're feeling that they're coming here
to commit crime based on propaganda
based on spooky stories you've seen or
news stories or whatever but not on any
actual hard data right okay yeah but I
would never make a policy decision based
on that's fine you don't have to make a
policy decision you just have to feel a
certain way and then that's going to
guide you when you go to vote at the
polls and the people that you vote in
are gonna be the ones making policy
decision right and we don't we don't
usually leave all of our policy and yeah
that states up to referendum so the
problem this is a problem right so what
are you saying is the problem just the
problem is that right now you just
demonstrated that you held a belief that
was based on misinformation or fantasy
and that you're going to probably vote
with that
misinformation in mind and you're gonna
vote for people that will write policy
that will have an impact on people
coming over based on a delusion in your
mind well one I didn't vote for Joe and
two I would I would I just I'd like I'm
saying that I just had an assumption
there so I never like thought anything
of it you know and I mean if I haven't
thought of something I'm not gonna hold
say well this is just one assumption
that you had that was completely
backward I bet we could find more if we
were to come if we were to go further
like oh yeah sure but it's like I don't
you seem I don't know I just think that
he makes these stranger arguments and
wait what are you gonna make a stroke
sir the whole argument that you think
that there's a large majority of people
in the u.s. that are being swayed over
with undertones of racism well when you
have communities of people like
anti-semitic people that proposed the
Jewish question or race realest people
that think that Mexicans or Hispanics
and black people are inferior to those
to the to the white race or neo-nazis
like Richard Spencer that advocate for
white ethnos state when all of these
people's beliefs are perfectly aligned
with Trump's policies yeah I mean it
makes it hard to believe that there's
not like some subversive attempt here to
move a lot of people over into this
train of thought by way of bogus science
or bogus history I guess but I feel like
you're also kind of if you're kind of
making an argument like if you hold a
viewpoint and then there are also
garbage people who hold that viewpoint
you should reconsider your viewpoint you
know not necessarily you just have to
make sure that you're holding your
viewpoint for the right reason so that
you don't get moved over into these
things but the problem is that often
that the end point isn't so like for
instance building a wall isn't really
rational there's no real rational reason
to have that viewpoint you can't really
make a good argument for it the number
of Mexicans in the United States are
people that come from Mexico has
decreased over the past decade so that's
a problem that's going away I think like
60% of people that stay here holding the
UM or that stay here that are legal
immigrants like overstayed their visas
so a wall is not gonna help with that
there is no guarantee even that the wall
itself will be effective people can go
over under or around via boat or
continue to travel through illegally
vehicles so you have a position here
that a lot of people have that is no
basis in reality
that only further serves the goals of
people that are legitimately racist
because it probably not even really
gonna help the illegal immigration
problem that much yeah okay and one
thing that I realize are like Trump
supporters not that I am a Trump
supporter is like I think he speaks
extremely hyperbolically and I know that
you're probably gonna say I could give
the benefit of the doubt well no I'm not
gonna say that I'll just say that you're
absolutely wrong because Trump has
already demonstrated via executive
action and his own rhetoric in office
that he wasn't being hyperbolic he
legitimately tried to ban most of
majority countries for no real reason
from the ah specifically okay well his
cookies are but he tried to get funding
from the wall in the congressional
budget negotiation so I mean even that's
not true I mean yeah but it's never
actually gonna happen you know and he's
trying to make it happen he is he is
trying to get funding for the wall as
part of the negotiations in Congress for
the next budget like so it wasn't
hyperbolic it's stuff that he's actually
trying to do I guess but it's it's not
gonna happen and I think that people
know things like on my end I can show
you people going build the wall build I
can show you that Trump's rhetoric is
saying he wants to build the wall I can
show you that when Trump goes to the
presidency he's trying to build the wall
and then you're telling me well I don't
think any of those people really thought
it because that's what I feel like which
argument is more convincing there I mean
obviously people yelling but you do you
genuinely believe that people who are
yelling build the wall are voting for
him because he's gonna build a wall like
it seems that seems like further out of
the realm of possibility to me unless
I'm waiting so you're saying you're
saying does it seem to me like people
that show up at rallies and scream build
the wall and then vote for a guy that
says he's gonna build a wall and then
support a guy in office who's trying to
build the wall you're saying isn't it
it's not realistic that these people
actually want to build the wall is that
what you're asking me yeah I think that
the vast majority of people are actually
just voting for Trump because he is the
lesser of two evils like I don't think
anyone is actually so Pro Trump or I
don't think that any sort of majority of
Trump voters are that proach
like they want all these crazy things
like a wall or like to ban all Muslims
which you could argue wasn't even the
goal in the first place well he's on his
website it's listed that he wanted a
Muslim ban like and then he talked to
Giuliani about trying to find a legal
way to do a Muslim ban and then he
Bamford sure his quote was like a
temporary muscle that's a temporary
Muslim ban is still RT yeah and in order
to increase the vetting process that he
doesn't understand that's already one of
the strictest in the history of the
world yeah that's what I was just gonna
say I don't think people who say that we
need a better vetting process have
actually looked into the vetting process
so like if your argument is that you
can't believe that people are actually
this [ __ ] stupid I could almost
believe that but I mean it's been
demonstrated time and time and time and
time and time and time and time again
that when there was this cornucopia of
evidence on one side that people
actually do want this thing for you to
just say well really do they really want
it I mean they've proven it time and
time again that they do I mean I haven't
looked it up because I figured it was
self-evident but we could probably find
polling data on people who want the wall
I mean Gallup the wall I mean I'm sure
we could find this somewhere yeah okay
well we're got this my goal is
definitely not to oh well actually
nowadays it looks like more people are
favoring a path to citizenship but I
think that the people that went to these
rallies and voted for Trump I'm sure
that sure like you know I'm sorry
let me correct that real quick 62% of
Republicans are in favor of building a
wall along the entire US Mexican border
so a majority of them are still okay for
building the wall but a lot of them are
also okay with them giving them a path
to citizenship as well sorry God okay
well regardless my point we like with
what I was saying about the video with
the example they are getting right now
is people who are being swayed over by
Trump like blatantly saying we need a
very Mexicans or whatever sort of thing
right
they're not being swayed over by like
some random dude on Twitter who has a
thumbs up thing this Twitter handle and
obviously it's more subtle than that
there's less subtle than that what what
she's saying but so I like the problem
is that like here's the problem the
problem is that if I go in your centrist
world where everybody's innocent I can
get people so [ __ ] close to being
racist that moving them over to racism
is very [ __ ] easy that if I go by all
of Trump's rhetoric okay I can take
somebody who is anti-immigration okay
there's so anti-immigration and they're
so [ __ ] Mexico that they want to build a
wall between the countries they want
Trump to enact a 20% tariff on all
products coming from that country and
they want Trump to renegotiate NAFTA
because they think Mexico got the
benefit of us these are all things that
exist in reality today okay now I can
also take those same groups of people
and I could say things like stop and
frisk treating black people unfairly in
the United States that's okay
I think we stop and frisk is a good idea
cutting taxes to the to the rich and and
leaving a larger burden to be shouldered
by the poor and carving back things like
welfare like the ACH whatever things
that inarguably have a higher impact on
on poor black people right these are all
things that I can I can have that are
really good anti-muslim that a lot of
Muslims are brown now maybe that doesn't
matter but a lot of Muslim and we want
to get rid of all Muslims Muslim
terrorism is a huge [ __ ] deal we need
to ban all Muslims on the crushinator
kick him out [ __ ] us we need to keep
them from ever coming right if I have
you believing all of these things okay
if you believe all of these things
wholeheartedly it's not really that
difficult to move you into this idea
that hey white people okay Rajan
ethically what you just said that you
were just talking about centrists what
centrists believe that every [ __ ]
century sargon of akkad does armored
skeptics see the big anti-globalization
anti-immigration Pro protecting your
Western culture [ __ ] Lauren southern
yeah these people say the [ __ ] all the
time
you call sargon of akkad or Lauren
southern centrist well I say that but
Sargon actually calls herself a leftist
but what yes so Sargon described as a
subscribed leftist Lauren southern I
don't know I think she describes herself
as conservative retiree but she's often
cited by the centrist people or whatever
but but the if I have you here if you
believe all these things getting you to
believe that colored people are just
genetically predisposed to being you
know more likely a criminal or whatever
that's a pretty easy step like it's not
that far removed like it already fits
your whole worldview the
we need to keep colored people from
coming here the color people in the
country need to pick themselves up by
their bootstraps and work their [ __ ]
instead of getting welfare handouts and
that we need to keep people that's
colored people to celebrate other
religions away from this country right
it's not that hard to move you into the
idea that white people are genetically
gifted in some ways compared to cover
people that's not really that hard to do
do you could you see how close you are
there I guess but I have two problems
one sure what's Sargon that's kind of
proven my point of like the people being
kind of I mean I don't know what you
think about him I I saw like part of one
in fear talks with him but I think that
he's just kind of like not too bright no
I don't want to sound like a douche like
on my high horse or something but I feel
like he's just not that bright and he's
definitely not being like I don't know
the idea that he's just like being
swindled by these racists who are like
using him as a platform for all right
like I mean Richard Spencer literally
tweeted that Sargon is a great stepping
stone to white nationalism because he
agree okay he agrees with what he said
yeah because this platform is almost
impossible to differentiate between an
authentic white nationalist platform
from what I've seen that disagree very
strong I mean he sits there any rallies
against Muslims and that horrible
immigrant manifest the infestation in
Europe then all these Muslims and
colored people are going to Europe and
rape and gangs and everything all over
that the United States has a right to
protect itself from multiculturalism as
the enemy and diversity is our greatest
strength is [ __ ] like he has all the
good talking points like that black
people are disadvantaged in the United
States because they're just too dumb to
get married and deserve what I was
saying but he hasn't he has non racist
ways of arguing for these things and
it's again the matter of like not
