so you guys will just want to get the
[ __ ] started the first question back to
bed these are just these are just ones
that people have been sending me over
like the last couple weeks so if you
don't know how this works this is a
discord ama you can PM me on discord and
I'll ask your question live or
apparently if we're doing it in here
maybe we can just maybe we can just
behave the last question my question
Stanley or no answers with angels
probably not I don't know he just lost
did you pee on me or what
yeah remember I PMD like a long time ago
when my probably not probably not I
don't see you again start asking come on
okay so the first one is from basilisk
he said would you be open to debating
high school and college debaters he
means kind of in like a semi-formal
setting where like people come up and
like propose like a long form debate
where they have like a question you get
prepared and then you do some content I
don't really like doing like I got a lot
of people that email me and I like I am
a debater doing a debate and I don't
really have much of an interest in that
it's usually more of that's like topics
that are relevant to either current
events or something that we're
discussing at the time it's generally
how I do things I don't usually like to
the bed
forsake Oh doing a debate but maybe that
would change for it set up some type of
event or something in the future hmm
okay so the answer is kind of a maybe
the next next next questions from vivvy
10 she wanted to ask it one stream but
she's not here so I'll just ask do
people think you [ __ ] idiot it's a
final fantasy right I should have oh
[ __ ] I should have a wizard I should
have asked for people's pronouns already
we're already on a on a bad path do
people obsess too much on products being
GMO or not my family always buys non GMO
even at a higher price point what's your
opinion on GMOs I don't know everything
I've seen about GMOs seems like they're
fine big problems or things like
pesticides and [ __ ] but that's I'm not
super well researching the topic but
yeah I don't give a [ __ ] about GMOs [ __ ]
yeah but if you literally spray roundup
on rats to get cancer dude did you see I
should write ups
right up as a pesticide that's that was
it's the man I don't know okay um Christ
Standish
I'm just dude I'm sorry I'm just asking
the questions okay what's your position
on trans racialism from inferior design
I have never in my life seen an
incredible scientific investigation that
made transracial ism seem like a real
thing like I know people meme about it
but I've never seen that like documented
anywhere just gonna be silenced and
large yeah that sounds fun [ __ ]
[ __ ]
Bali was gonna ask you this questions
wait Bali should be around Bali should
be around he's always here there's no
life nope he's not here I heard I heard
ethics once characterized as the
generalization of familial relations to
all humanity as the experience of being
a father made you more altruistic or
oriented towards the well-being of
others nah [ __ ] that [ __ ] no [ __ ] that
[ __ ] that way just like did being a
father change you at all ding it made
you like truly love something or
whatever no you made me hate other
parents somewhere do you have like a
certain love for your child that you
could never have for anything else yeah
but I don't think that extends to any
other person or makes me feel sad people
I think I have a worst view of people
that have been in their kids it seems
pretty shitty I'm gay huzzah hey I had a
it's like I had a question when you
worked at the casino where you did did
they not allow you to gamble if you're
like a casino employee you can't gamble
at the establishment I couldn't for my
first year I think because I was on a 19
why does the 19 or 20 wait is it 18 or
21 to gamble 18 yeah okay cuz I was
under 19 for some reason Nebraska I
think one other state our age of
majority is 1980
but yeah I was underage a gun but wait
here as long as you're of age yeah you
can do
I heard that age about that age of
consent debate you had on from the ask
yourself this part the other night yeah
I was pretty good did you just get
pulled into that randomly did somebody
like p.m. you
yeah people ping me on service sometimes
and I'll hop in and me man it's good
dude give it give you ammo to defend
yourself from that Kiwi Farms people
thanks do you think most of the people
in their service are being like
legitimate or are they like trolls
because when we went in there there was
a dude from Ebola land and then another
person that wasn't ask yourselves just
remember that was and he's not give all
the land
if you eat Boland there was another
person doing like a Australian accent
but I don't know if it was real and then
they were claiming to be transgendered
but the child came in and called them
yeah because it was like very I couldn't
tell if anybody was troll I couldn't
tell there's a bunch of trolls trolling
each other at that point I'm not sure
usually the ask yourself crowd is super
serious and they're not they're not in
there to like joke around I don't know
about the other politics channels it's
hard to say sometimes they're in there
to like to convert Carnot's and chew
bubblegum Sami 2 Chainz has a bunch of
questions so we'll read them out kind of
one at a time do you think that the body
positivity movement is going down a
slippery slope how do you feel about
body positivity I think it's stupid for
a variety of reasons but it might be
good for people that was something that
I think I'm aware of I think that um I
think that if you shame people or bully
people I don't think it tends to produce
better changes and how they approach
things people tend to just get depressed
so it's probably okay insofar as like
having people be comfortable with their
body no matter what it looks like is
probably a good thing but if that starts
encouraging people to not change or to
accept like really unhealthy conditions
and that's probably a bad thing
I don't know wait what I feel like if
you're comfortable with your body like
at any state so like
that's really bad because people who are
fat and obese and overweight it's
straight-up unhealthy there is no let me
a call tomorrow when I say being
comfortable with a trait what I mean is
like you can acknowledge a certain flaw
in yourself without [ __ ] hating
yourself right got it yeah you can say
like okay well I weighed 250 pounds and
it's probably a [ __ ] bad thing but I
don't [ __ ] hate myself for it like
that's an okay thing you know because if
I don't think hating yourself or
whatever to tends to make you want to
like change anything whatever but like
as far as like you know the idea of
health at every size is a pretty [ __ ]
stupid concept so yeah did I answer that
enough you think there's some do you
think there's some legitimacy to at
least to like just it to the claim that
that that maybe that the health at every
size thing is kind of a meme but the
idea that you shouldn't judge people if
you're not like a like a medical
professional right I guess I guess you
shouldn't just [ __ ] on people because
they're fat talk about whether you
should or shouldn't do something I mean
sitting like a moral compulsions or just
like did not be an [ __ ] or what do
you mean yeah I suppose I probably
shouldn't judge people in general
because that kind of makes you a dick
right I think most people agree with
that but I mean in terms of like making
it if you're going to judge like making
like a health judgment I mean you can't
I mean like here if some anyways 300
pounds probably not healthy I mean
that's a pretty fair assumption to make
but I mean just because somebody's thin
doesn't necessarily mean they're healthy
I mean here how would that argument the
guy asked me like extend to anti-vaxxer
arguments why it's totally different
what do you mean what wait yeah wait can
you wait where can you phrase that in a
way that makes it it related to auntie
vaccinations my brain well I guess my
point was running it like how he said
like how can you um can we like make
health claims without being doctors
right and I feel like most people
having an opinion on anti-vaxxer without
oh well I think it's more that like I
can look at vaccines and say they're
good
like pretty easily without without just
with I don't need to be doctor to know
that but looking at an individual and
trying to evaluate if they're healthy or
not
while only knowing their weight that's a
much different type of claim right does
that make sense yeah yeah I was just
kind of reductio ad absurdum to argument
I reaction wait what does that mean what
we Jeff go ad absurdum it means to
reduce something to something that's
like to reduce a broad claim to
something that's like pretty silly right
to to make it all the way to one extreme
yeah if it still holds water [ __ ]
idiot
God miss him it in your brain I just
wanna learn of reptiles by the way
though it's not in like hyperbole those
chess memes were [ __ ] gold-plated
memes those were great any man where mr.
moon is losing a lot of good my own ass
I be yeah it was yesterday it was six
five the one where you played like 11
games it was six five it was super close
and you got yeah he's never I'm so
stupid I'm so you got two easy games off
of like the Queen entrapment holy [ __ ] I
just got the say [ __ ] idea what I
should [ __ ] you know Jerry hun [ __ ]
twig uh Jerry the chess guy from
chestnut oh yeah did I should pay like
him and like another chess grandpa to
commentate like a best-of [ __ ]
whatever series between is so [ __ ]
funny dude
coach it alright so this is this is a
question from the same guy and he's
asking can you talk about he's like
preface I'm not American so I don't get
this
can you talk about prescription drug ads
and why you think they're bad I don't
know if I think they're bad why would I
think they're bad I think they like
we're like the only country that allows
people to advertise I mean I think
they're probably bad
you should be picking [ __ ] medicine
based on which commercial use on TV I
don't think that you do though but
there's a lot of bad [ __ ] I think that
goes on with the doctors who are like
they feel they'll see the end no no no
no doctors get really pressured into
prescribing certain types of medications
do - like what insurance pays for and
what not and then agents will oftentimes
request certain medications based on the
piece and ads and [ __ ]
I think [ __ ] I there's so many really
good I've heard so many good like really
long detailed explanations by doctors
about how like [ __ ] it is being a doctor
right now with the way that insurance
companies dictate medicine so you can
prescribe and whatnot it's like a really
cocky experience one of the biggest
things recently right is there is the
the opiate the opiate deal right well
what do you mean by that just like
getting her both ascription drugs and
then so yeah so the idea that they can
both advertise like in doctors offices
directly to patients about like pain
management they can do it like on
television and then there's the aspect
for like they're they're literally like
buying off doctors and stuff that
doesn't really have to do with
advertising Alabama had one point for
one opioid prescriptions per capita in
like 2013 prescriptions per capita is
that like on a yearly what the [ __ ] does
that mean like more person surge yeah
yeah wait wait wait
so every single person plus times 40
plus 140% got person out of a thousand
or a hundred each individual can have
multiple pain management prescriptions
so you're saying it in Alabama there is
everybody in Alabama is on a
prescription medication that's why
that's why I asked if it's all my doing
really what like like based on the
number of people there were one point
four one times that many prescriptions
filled in like a year yeah I don't know
which is pretty which is pretty common
for like areas where there's like pill
mills right in like East Texas which is
close to me used to be a huge pill mill
country right so they're just be they're
basically be like pharmacies were all
Alabama that was raised in the nation
for the number of painkiller
prescriptions per capita
according to Attorney General Steve
Marshall who is sued opioid
manufacturers and co-chaired the state's
opioid overdose an addiction Council in
the Alabama's first congressional
district which includes mobile there
were about 131 prescriptions per 100
people during 26 EMA go grab a cup of
coffee real quick oh yeah that's
actually [ __ ] insane yeah you're be
asking my doctor please give me a
fortune 3 Stanley JFK right now make you
into the bathrooms I can ask from people
all right can I just ask my question
moving or all right so that's me um how
do you argue a hold on man how do you
argue with someone who's speaking from a
position of ignorance but is absolutely
confident in their position just like
just speaking to your experience
obviously oh [ __ ] no what do you mean
how like I seen your arguments like you
go about the way like you try to get
like to the meat of it you try to get to
the truth like you're not really
interested in convincing people that
they are necessarily wrong but you're
trying to but as you said before you're
trying to attain like a higher truth in
these in these arguments but like how
would you go about convincing the other
party that they were wrong though I mean
you have to do it through narratives
right so like you basically weave
together a story that kind of like
brings together your points in a way
that's hopefully convincing actually
there's actually a question about this
like later on but we can just go like
the questions basically right do you
believe in like narrative form
explanations what do you think actually
convinces people like narrative form
explanations or raw data and like are
you nod when you like eat up that story
just to get to somebody and like then
they immediately agreed when before
they're adamant but do you think do you
think most of people most people are
like that lady right that you like
talk about do you think most of them are
fairly mother like the lady right I
would think so
well no I think they are isn't that like
empirically demonstrated I thought maybe
I should go look at a doctor you want to
sneak your question in real quick okay
my question yeah yeah question dude
having six minor points and Gil first in
can't get room I can ask god dude guys
are you like dude can I ask can I ask a
question directly
all right do you think Advanced
Placement or AP classes are more
beneficial to ordinary students than
regular classes or do any of them not
but do any of them matter when you get
to college however many AP classes you
took you're gonna wish you took more
goes holy Nowak that thing is so good
they're so expensive in college it's a
[ __ ] dumb it's like 70 or 80 dollars
for a [ __ ] test a test out of a whole
goddamn [ __ ] ass [ __ ] this is Jack
that's a mean it's a great segue is
college education still worth it in the
United States it's amount of Merak you
have to do you think so worth it i mean
by definite the earnings look at the
average earnings of a college graduate
versus a non graduate it's like fifteen
grand or at least isn't it my boy and as
like an addendum they were asking like
do you think that there's a way to fix
student loan debt quote unquote doesn't
really this go back to like what you're
saying like a few days ago or basically
like when wouldn't you say that like you
have a GED everyone like subconsciously
realizes that that does only mean [ __ ]
that you actually just need a college
education to prove that you have like
some some worth but when looking for a
job
I mean some people think that I mean I
can only go by raw data like college
degree earnings verse no degree I'm
pretty sure is like a twenty thousand
dollar difference or some [ __ ] between
people with high school versus a college
degree average yeah that's a big
difference the average time of the high
school diploma is thirty five thousand
two hundred fifty six dollars the
average salary with a bachelor's degree
is almost $60,000 so I'm sorry it's 25
thousand dollar difference I mean it
really depends on what you go into
there's still like some crafts where
like a GED is fine
right like there's lots of all filled
people that I interact with to basically
have a GED or like worse and they make
six figures but their life is like
hellish right you can still find things
that like make a lot of money but it's
it's pretty tough you can also quit it's
gonna be a video game streaming but not
are you still kind of over the opinion
that like anybody can do it but it's
just not gonna work for everybody
no it's harder to say like anybody can
be a streamer because it's competitive
so like obviously not anymore
because there's none of you is to go
around for every single person right
yeah right you can't have like a million
streamers that's right millions or other
string well not everybody's interesting
or like outgoing - you have to have yeah
but it would be that's a lot of gets
learn about but yeah you would have to
like it's specifically invest a lot of
time into like yeah chit chat has a real
quick question
yeah are you gonna be playing the new
seasonal league you're gonna give it
another try
I'm actually here by the way Oh bring
new changes you want me to play that
chick in I'm not sure if I own a
ironically or ironically not much
watching me but it's enjoyable for me I
don't I don't like because I don't know
how the game works
so watching that is just like okay what
the [ __ ] women learned in small brain
I want to learn another [ __ ] game no
give me really caught all right I've
been no no you're out no no no no
supporting League statements at all okay
that's banner bull no I probably
continued to play with like friends so I
give Lily and damage I want to play I'll
play but otherwise I don't think I'm
listen I've done too much damage to my
own personal health of my streaming
career varnish [ __ ] eyes
amen do your psyche shut the [ __ ] out I
mean you still dying at [ __ ] World of
Warcraft is ruining your life I'm not
playing that game anymore oh you have
like an intervention
I had like a I had like an officer
chained and then one of them got a
girlfriend and then the chain kind of
fell somebody didn't wanna raid lead I
didn't really want to show up on
Thursdays and we want to do two days a
