hey guys this is kind of a long overdue
video / audio thing where I'm basically
just gonna be talking about a lot of
stuff that's going on recently
especially related to our political
content in this video or audio thing I
should say I'm gonna be talking about
the Twitter related stuff my stance on
deep platforming and then kind of our
past and future political content in the
direction that I want to take my stream
slash YouTube related to all of that the
first thing that I want to talk about
and I mentioned this a lot in the past
it has to do with my reason for why I do
the debate thing why I ever started you
know why I've carried on with it for so
long
I'm stated this a few times but I just
want to have it very clearly stated
right here at the beginning my goal with
debates has to do with helping people to
form logical arguments and when I say
logical arguments there are two parts to
that I want people's arguments to be
sound that means that the premises are
based in reality
you have some very real empirical
backing to whatever your premise is and
then I want the arguments to be valid
that means that when all of your
premises are taken together the
conclusion logically follows this has
been my only goal with my debates some
people seem to think that I have a
political agenda I don't and we'll talk
more about that later I believe it's
pretty easily evidenced by my rhetoric
and some people think that it's an ego
thing and it partially as I mean I
enjoyed being correct in conversations
some people think that I'm trying to
drive more people towards different
types of policy positions or to the
Democrat Party or it to be sjw's or to
virtue signal or anything I don't know
there's a lot of different claims that
are made for why I do what I do but my
whole guiding principle is generally
that thing that I just mentioned that I
want people to form valid and sound
arguments that's always been the central
guiding principle to everything that I
do so in looking at that I have to ask
over the past
I guess we'll say two years of political
content have we achieved this goal in
any measurable way personally I think I
have no I'm a little bit biased when it
comes to that but I'm only going by
the large number of emails that I've
gotten from people that say that um you
know they were drifting in one direction
they were falling down the hall of the
anti sjw youtubers that they were
heading down this path of you know
constantly listening to sargon of akkad
and then more extremists people and they
listened to some of my videos and you
know they don't necessarily agree with
everything I say but they can at least
respect what I'm saying and they can at
least respect my thought process which
is the most important part to me and it
seems like in reading through a lot of
that and I've gotten hundreds of emails
and seen hundreds of posts while not
hundreds of posts but I seen dozens of
posts across my subreddit now hundreds
of posts if you include stuff on YouTube
and whatnot like I've seen a lot of
people that were brought over on the
fence I consider this to be my major
success and I've kind of spoken about
this in the past where I say I live by
the I call it the 40-40-20 or maybe I
should call the 40/20/40 troll but
basically in any given conversation 40%
of both sides are super invested in
their position such that if I debates
are gone forty percent of the people
listening will always say I won forty
percent will always say Sargon won but
I'm always gunning for the twenty
percent in the middle the people on the
fence that are listening for I guess the
most reasonable thought process that's I
think I'm giving too much credit to
people there but that's um and my views
on people have become so cynical over
the past couple of years I don't know if
it's healthy or not but um that's that's
my hope right is that they're these
twenty percent who were not super
invested in either position that can
listen to the positions of me in the
person I'm debating and then hopefully
see that okay well you know Stevens
arguments are more reasonable it seems
like he's willing to you know in you
know route his arguments and in
empirical data his thought process makes
sense and I might not even necessarily
agree with what he's saying but at least
it seems like he's got a good
comprehensive view all the way from the
empirical data all the way up to the
philosophical assertions that everything
seems to be pretty well put together and
I can respect that you know
that's it's my hope and I think I've
done an okay job at at doing that now
with that being said
there are more effective ways to do
these debates depending upon what my
goal is and I'm gonna speak a little bit
to the idea that I have some political
agenda and I really don't and the reason
why I guess the reason why people think
this is because they disagree with me
politically I can't think of another
reason to do it but basically one of the
big things that I've discovered in the
course of doing all these debates is
that nobody really cares at least on the
right and I see that but it's true of
the left sometimes as well but right now
especially of the right nobody really
cares about fact-based arguments nobody
really cares about valid or soundness in
an argument nobody cares about empirical
data it really all comes down to what
type of narrative or what type of
emotional response can can you get out
of somebody right what type of narrative
can you root an argument and what type
of emotional response can you get out of
somebody you know if I sit here and I
tell you a million reasons why
immigration is good for the United
States somebody like when tez or
somebody have white nationalist Quinta's
or somebody like James alsa only has to
respond with well look at these two
stories were an illegal immigrant
murdered somebody and your entire
argument is destroyed insofar as they
and their fans and a lot of people in
the middle are concerned a lot of it
just comes down to pushing a narrative
and this is honestly the best way to
sell a political message right if you
want to bring people over to your side
politically you can do it by selling a
political narrative such that whatever
message you're trying to sell to
somebody is rooted in that story you
know immigration is really bad well why
is immigration bad well I know a guy
Uncle Joe the Plumber right when we were
talking bout taxes in 2008 with Obama
right but like I know a guy Joe who he
lost his job because of immigrants or I
know a woman you know Sally who she was
killed by an illegal immigrant or you
know look at this say this or this it's
never like well let's talk about the
numbers let's talk about the data you
know do Hispanics or immigrants in
general commit as much crime as the
native population the answer is no do do
immigrants help the economy the answer
is unequivocally yes no economist
debates this you know maybe you can have
some
about the marginal fiscal impact and
even that comes out to be either a wash
or slightly negative but um you know I
did grass like all of these arguments
become when you when you're fighting for
politics when you don't really care
about the argument itself and you're
just trying to push a political
narrative as most people are your your
rhetoric usually resembles that of
somebody trying to sell stories to
people which is the most effective way
of pushing somebody in in a political
direction that you think is good I have
no desire to do this I've never had a
desire to do this maybe in the future I
will but right now I just don't care
about this I don't care about politics
in the sense that I want to sell a
political message to somebody it's not
the way that I personally function and I
understand that I'm somewhat unique
there I'm a little bit sociopathic I
guess in the way that I approach these
issues and I'm okay accepting that I'll
be a massive outlier there but I just
have no desire to dedicate a large
amount of my time in trying to craft
these narratives to send to
somebody in order to bring them over to
my position I to go back to the
beginning I'm only interested in telling
you these are valid or I'm sorry these
are sound premises and this is a valid
way to put them together to generate a
conclusion that makes sense that's the
only thing I have ever been concerned
with maybe that changes in the future
but as of right now as of my media in
the immediate future for my political
stuff it's still the only thing I'm
concerned with looking back on my
looking back on all the conversations I
tried try to take stock every now and
then to say like well what are
successful debates that I've had so far
and when I think of success I can only
measure it against my my goal right what
is success except your ability to
achieve a stated goal and so if my goal
is constructing sound and valid
arguments that that lead to good
conclusions honestly I've only had like
two or three good debates where I've
really gotten to hash everything out
ironically enough my debate with amo see
the guy who was in favor of removing the
age of consent that debate was
incredibly
we went through a little bit of
empirical data we hardcore nailed out
philosophical positions I felt very good
about the position that I was able to
state in that conversation and almost
seemed to be receptive to the arguments
that I was making you know there were no
ad homonyms there were no crazy personal
attacks I don't think he ever called me
a Lenny had stupid stuff and then
my debate with a vegan gains I'd heard a
lot of stuff about him about how he's a
crazy sociopath crazy murderous dude and
I've heard some videos where he's pretty
extreme like I think the the one where
he talks about going to what like the
funeral of his grandfather or something
how he didn't care because yeah I don't
know I don't wanna miss data but um he
was very intelligent and the way that he
constructed an argument was very
intelligent I loved these two
conversations because I got to construct
what I consider to be a sound and valid
argument my adversary had a sound and
valid argument and then we got to clash
and reconcile the differences between
these two things this is what I enjoy
doing
I love these types of discussions both
people are receptive to the points
raised by the other person
both people seem to have some sort of
understanding of empirical data both
people seem to have some sort of
understanding of how to put together
rational or logical arguments this is
something that almost never happens in
any of my conversations and it's what I
want to do the most
the two things I excel at I think are
doing these types of arguments and
making fun of people the latter
bread by decades of online experience
and then the former is something that
I've kind of cultivated throughout my
life but especially harnessed or I guess
especially worked on over the past like
a year of a year or two of my internet
conversations I've had so many
conversations with people that I
consider and I'm going to risk sounding
very arrogant here but people that are
so many levels of intelligence beneath
the topics they're discussing that it
hurts me to even reflect on these
conversations and we could name off a
million examples dick Masterson comes on
and says that I debate disingenuously
and I ask
for a single example and over the course
of an hour the only one he can think of
had to do with had to do with the the
American Lawyer that Trump didn't want
sitting on his Trump University case
because the guy had parents that were
from Mexico and they couldn't think of
any of the details of this case he
didn't know anything you know even even
a woodysgamertag and remember his actual
name on the pKa podcast they roasted him
over how totally stupid he was in the
conversation
no saying that black people get
arrested more by the cops because they
drive around with guns hanging out of
their pockets
you know sargon of akkad saying that if
black people just get married it will
solve all of their problems you know not
understanding cause and effect not
understanding correlation versus
causation not understanding that even if
married black people are more successful
than single black people that doesn't
mean that getting married will make you
more successful right yeah my argument
with with Ian when I asked him to bring
up any topic that he thought I was
misinformed about he chose a topic that
he wrote a story on and was uttering
stupid statement after stupid statement
like it had to do with the California
reducing the transmitting HIV to
somebody as a misdemeanor instead of a
felony and an en was uttering statements
like well this means that now all the
blood donated to the blood banks are
gonna have to be tested you know like
they weren't already doing that yeah and
he chose the topic he wrote an article
is and there's I mean there's a million
more examples I'm sure you guys can you
know tanka you know I don't have a Benz
I ever miss a day I don't know man
there's a million of these topics where
the people have the in the in the gun
I'm sorry I could do this forever in the
gun debate with with a guy I don't
remember the bald-headed dude who's
trying to bring up the idea that um he
brought up that after the gun ban in
Australia that homicides had remained
stagnant that there was no impact on
crime and I had to go through with him
and I had to say okay well we can't use
absolute numbers here and he oughta
ronica Lee says to me oh so you want to
make the per capita argument and it's
like well yeah I mean these are the only
figures that matter why would you use an
absolute value in crime and then Jack
suppose that with a with a rising
population yes I mean of course we're
gonna talk about per capita
um I don't know if I use Jax to post
incorrectly there but you you know what
I mean like I can't I can't keep
thinking about these things because I
can think of a million and like these
aren't the problem I have here is it's
not a disagreement over empirical data
it's not a disagreement so for instance
with vegan gains right where I might
disagree with a with a normative with a
philosophical claim that he makes these
are just disagreements in how do we
interpret data how do we understand you
know what is true what do our numbers
tell us these are things that I would
expect these people to learn in high
school and they either didn't learn it
or they are intentionally ignoring it to
push a narrative and in either case it's
just not enjoyable to talk to these
people they just have no idea what
they're talking about
on one hand I yeah I just I feel like
engaging with them as a waste of time
I know I've brought some people over
from the middle which is good but these
people are like the leading voices on
YouTube and it blows my mind that I
guess it doesn't blow my mind anymore
though
Lauren Southern when I argue with her
about how you know like hey going to
going to Sweden and filming for three
days doesn't give you a comprehensive
look at the country that's not how good
data is collected and she says okay well
what would you call it's like well these
are just anecdotes you know these are
just one or two ops like you have to do
you have to be very rigorous and how you
claim she's well the plural of anecdote
is data it's like no that's not how that
works at all that's that's not true
that's the opposite of true man it's
just these types of conversations they
aren't very fulfilling for me I enjoy it
because of the second thing I brought up
that that I I do enjoy kind of like
making fun of people and needling people
it's always been an enjoyable thing for
me probably just because of my
background on the Internet but for
reasons that we'll start to get into I
don't think I can really engage in this
type of debate anymore I think I can't I
actually can't do it but before we get
into that specifically I guess I just
want to I want to reiterate that my goal
for these debates was to just like do
debates about you know forming arguments
and saying
who had the better argument I don't want
to do blood sports or this like Internet
MMA I think is Jacques jf whatever calls
it you know I don't want to do this type
of like scream match stuff you know in
small doses it's funny but when that's
all it is I mean that's I have I have
more to offer than that I'm worth more
than that you know I can assemble a
decent amount of data and put together
arguments and then deliver it in a
pretty convincing fashion there's the
stuff that I enjoy doing I also enjoy
walking into one on five calls and
shooting on people but that's not all I
enjoy doing that's not all I want to be
restricted doing for the rest of my time
on the Internet so ya know I enjoy doing
that but again as we'll talk about in a
little bit I I'm just not able to do
this anymore I don't think so
hopping into this next section I do not
think I can reasonably engage with these
communities anymore because there's like
significant risk now to not only my
livelihood but potentially like my
personal life one of the things that I'd
always said in the past and one other I
say one of the reasons I encourage
people to debate these people I I'm
slightly I don't like to say this
because it sounds really edgy
but I think I'm slightly sociopathic in
the way that I relate to people who
don't relate to people and the way that
I deal with people know this has some
repercussions in my personal life I
don't really have any close friends I
don't really do relationships very well
and that's just a thing but for my
online stuff it's been an amazing asset
I can deal with an unlimited amount of
personal abuse and it doesn't really
bother me after the jontron debate would
after the twitchplayspokemon if anybody
remembers out I've got tons of people
that you know will send me red @dm to
email me about wanting to rape and
murder my kid or about how much of a
worthless I am or I posted go up on
Kiwi farms or poll about how I'm a
 with a small dick that rapes
children order I don't know just a ton
of like really horrible and
you know I because I think it's a
combination of being very narcissistic
and being somewhat sociopathic I usually
don't care I don't
I don't know any lease people I don't
really care what their opinions are I'm
probably more accomplished and more
successful than 99.999% of the people
that make fun of me they really I just I
have no respect for the opinions of most
of these people and as a result of that
it doesn't bother me and this has been
an amazing asset for what I do online
maybe the most important asset for what
I do online a lot of people don't
realize this but very public facing
