you're totally [ __ ] wrong about not
being able to ask the gym please stop
repeating yeah sure I listen we're not
gonna do this today prove me wrong
with one easy thing find me pictures of
a girl with a flat [ __ ] ass who goes
to the gym gets a big ass and doesn't
gain 40 [ __ ] pounds that's all you
got to do we've ran this argument a
million times you're never able to do it
nobody is ever able to do it the best
you can do is you can find pics of a
girl with an okay ass who doesn't who
isn't arching the [ __ ] out of her back
and then the next pictures either gonna
be her crazy arching her back or in a
totally different spot with two latina
lighting or her
started working out but also gained like
20 or 30 pounds hint it's not 20 or 30
pounds of muscle we've done this every
[ __ ] time every time we've had this
debate it has always been the same
people will link pictures or like oh
well look she's made askings right and
like one is like one is gonna be like
them standing straight like in a dark
room and then the next is gonna be like
their back arched more than V's like
with like the best lighting possible
like on the top to highlight the
underneath or [ __ ] like it's not yeah
it's it just doesn't happen it's fat oh
god hold on okay you can stop now you
think she was born with this muscle or
do you think she's flexing fat find me
before and after because here's the
thing if I wanted to if I would make the
claim bench press or whatever isn't
gonna give you a big chest you could
give me destiny look at this
before-and-after before-and-after pecs
working out and you can find dudes with
flat [ __ ] chests that gain amazing
definition that gain huge [ __ ] pecs we
can find the before and afters on this
we can find these before and afters
easily because you can because because
your muscles show there but when we talk
about booties you will never ever ever
you will never be able to find me a
picture of a girl with a flat [ __ ]
ass who goes rudaba and then gets a big
[ __ ] ass just doesn't work that way
you it just doesn't it's not nice
booties are fat it's all they [ __ ]
are you might be able to get like a
little bit of a firmer bootie or
whatever Destin I don't care about
before and after pics what I linked you
literally promote no it doesn't it
doesn't prove anything you the fact that
you can't link me before and after pics
says infinitely more
your lack of evidence than anything I
say like that's it destiny watching me
I've seen the video the girls got a nice
ass show me show me before and after
show me her with no muscle like why do
you use the term definition with chest
and big with ass because typically with
muscles we want to see when you want
when somebody looks strong what you're
talking about it's like the definition
of their muscle and definition is
defined as the size of the muscle less
the body fat you have right so the less
body fat you have and the larger the
muscle you have the more definition you
have with ass you don't nobody wants to
see definition in your ass you want to
see a big nice [ __ ] ass or like a
cute bubble booty or whatever and what
you're looking at is fat not the [ __ ]
glutes you're not looking at somebody's
[ __ ] muscle when you look at their
ass you're just seeing a layer of
[ __ ] fat it's what it is it's why
women tend to have nicer asses and guys
giving as women naturally carry more fat
and their lower body than men do men men
can you came in yesterday men are
probably able to build like decent like
athletic booties it'll never be like the
like than like the bubble booties or
whatever you want to see on women or
whatever or like what you see on the
Instagram models and the fact you're
gonna see your tummy that some girl that
goes to the gym and does 50 body weight
glute bridges or whatever has like
worked out like huge [ __ ] ass muscles
is if I can is not you're not dude no
women have more appealing asses because
of hip structure cave structure plays
into it but women also carry more fat in
their lower body naturally the men do
they just do its the way that a woman
carries fat I mean this is I can't even
believe we're arguing about this women
are more bottom heavy than men are
because of the distribution of fat on
their body I know they do but that's not
what gives them a great ass then why is
it that I can find 50 million different
well no I don't even like to say this
cuz I because we knew before and afters
and I want to win my argument this way
but like we can go and find 50 million
women right now that have really nice
great [ __ ] asses that have never
either one have never been in a gym in
their entire lives or two when they go
to a gym they run around for 20 minutes
and they do 5 pounds on every machine
you think that's giving them an amazing
house of course not they were born with
it they have a nice [ __ ] bubble booty
like and I've seen plenty of girls like
this Teressa had a really [ __ ] cute
ass a really nice house she [ __ ]
never doesn't anything for like work out
you ever her ass I've known girls that
are like this right and then we can also
go and find girls that are power lifters
that are power lifting champions they
can deadlift [ __ ] 3 plate they can
squat [ __ ] 2 plus play
and these girls don't have huge asses
you're telling me that somebody they can
move that much [ __ ] weight that is no
but I mean I I don't care I don't care
actually I don't care argue it find me
find me my mind find me um find me find
me the before and afters if you ever
want to do this with your friends oh so
there's other ways to do this too like
leaning up leaning against a wall and
being able to lean back but like women
can do this very easily if you place the
chair over have the woman lean forward
and picked the chair up you can do it
every time very easy because their
center of gravity is further back
because their weight distribution tends
to be in the lower part of their body a
man can never do this no matter how
strong he is because man's weight
distribution is higher a live long man
can never pick up a chair like this
unless they're like a freak of nature
and they like squat all day every day
and never do any upper body maybe or
some weird [ __ ] [ __ ] or get an arm
chopped off but destiny to before and
after find me the weights find me the
[ __ ] weights dog how much do they
[ __ ] way
also it I would say it should be like
identical lighting and everything cuz
holy [ __ ] you can play a lot of [ __ ]
tricks with booties or whatever but find
me the before and after on the weight on
this this is not all muscle it's just
not it's not all muscle I
guaran-fucking-tee you she's gained like
15 or 20 pounds between these two
pictures and a lot of people that start
lifting a lot do gain weight because you
eat more because you need to in order to
feel like in order to [ __ ] do it like
I guaran-fucking-tee you that she is not
the same way than these two pictures
like what is it if you lift real if you
go hard as a man I think you can gain
what is it it's like up to like I think
half a pound of muscle in a month if
you're like if you're like perfectly on
it I think I think it's about that right
like this idea that a woman goes to like
a four to six month transformation and
all of a sudden it has an ass that's
like [ __ ] five pounds [ __ ] better
yeah and these are beginner gains to I
don't think like even like like a like
those fall off like two pounds can you
really gain to pop okay hold on how much
muscle can you gain
can you gain in a month two pounds of
muscle sounds like a lot but I couldn't
let's try the average natural man
between 0.25 and point found some pound
pounds of muscle per week okay so about
2 to 1 to 2 pounds of muscle per month
and then a woman is about 0.5 to 1 pound
of muscle per month ok ok so you can get
1 to 2 pounds of muscle per month I
think this is assuming you're doing like
like you're on it like you're like
perfectly working out but I don't know I
I find me the before and after weights I
think a lot of these women end up
weighing like 20 pounds more they put on
a [ __ ] ton of not a [ __ ] ton of fat but
they've gained a lot of fat and then
they fell out nicely is your point that
men can have butts like women nope but
listen I love you all I don't even care
about it this is much ok it's just
annoying to me when like when a cardio
bunny who's had a nice ass pretty much
all her life starts posting to Instagram
she's like oh here I am I'm super fit
and this is where my booty comes from
[ __ ] that's not where your
[ __ ] ass comes from you're just lucky
you put on fat nicely ok your ass looks
very [ __ ] nice it's very pretty but
the the 20 minutes you spend running
around and spending two minutes on every
cardio machine to the gym is not why you
have a nice [ __ ] ass okay like that
like [ __ ] out of here okay that's it
I've seen plenty of girls that are
really [ __ ] strong well I don't know
that many I guess rather get a real car
but I know I've seen a couple and then
online like we can see like really
strong women that don't have these
amazing asses and you can see tons of
women that have really nice and and like
I've even seen some women that claim
like oh yeah like I go to the gym buh
buh buh buh buh this is what my ass
looks like now and it's like oh okay
what do you do at the gym and then you
talk to them more and they like go like
once a month or maybe like every couple
weeks and they kind of do like one or
two things and they take a lot of
pictures and they leave and it's like
okay dude like can we maybe stop using
anecdotes and people might believe you
more I mean okay dog post me the
pictures post me the before and after we
have destiny I'll fight Knut on it I'll
fight him on it I'll fight him on if he
wants to I think men can build nice
asses I don't think the nice butts that
you traditionally see an Instagram
[ __ ] models come from [ __ ]
strength training or come from
hypertrophy you eight rep max training
or whatever it's [ __ ] fat okay
remember the girl that was on Rogers who
said she powerless but our interim shows
using small kettlebells
well maybe she was doing something
different Doug listen we're not here to
attack other extreme Ares okay I love
you I'm done arguing about this okay I
don't care I'm done arguing about this
okay I listen here okay I'm gonna well
look at this and then I'm gonna point
one thing if you ever have the chance to
try this it will blow your [ __ ] mind
okay
Oh Vee I don't think I don't know [ __ ] I
don't I should talk to me I don't know
but I don't think Vita is a lot of gem
stuff she has a really nice booty okay
look okay
Here I am standing straight up okay Wow
look I have no booty oh here I am curved
a little to the side with one of my legs
up a little bit
now I've got a huge butt like come on no
booties are one of the things that
people play the most tricks on I have
had listen brothers okay I have had
jaw-dropping experiences jaw-dropping
experiences okay where I have seen a
girl's Instagram okay
brothers this bathroom counter thing
with the booty up and the leg here okay
this is not real my brothers okay I've
seen many a fat ass die falling from
this counter pictures are insanely
deceiving and the way you will not
believe you will not believe and I can't
even show you because I don't want to
call people out but you would not
believe I am because I'm not gonna leak
people's nudes but you will not believe
the unimaginable difference that posing
on like counters or the way you can lay
will change the way your hazards I have
seen asses lose so much beauty when they
have left a certain pose is unimaginable
okay anyway what what do you want
I don't know watch canoe balances but
around what
with a burn in the ass boys actually
this is oh I've seen it I've seen all
the girls on Instagram do it I've seen
all the girls on Instagram do this over
and over again they have that it's
that's why they have the biggest ass
isn't there uh it's not because they're
the fattest or the ass by the way it's
not because fat they storm the assam
nurse oh jesus [ __ ] christ they're oh
[ __ ] getting sit down
getting the before-and-afters to get the
[ __ ] out of here alright we're done with
this [ __ ] hell yeah amen brother
brother knut that's why what you're
asking something impossible you know and
every before and after picture will
exaggerate the afternoon you will
dismiss all gains but because of it Doug
in one picture are we allowed to show
those upstream they're not nude well
again one picture she's wearing normal
underwear and another picture she
literally has her ass gobbling this
[ __ ] I don't know would you close
like a leotard whatever I don't you to
call this but like holy [ __ ] dude it's
not like [ __ ] it's a g-string like
and it's totally different [ __ ]
lighting it's absolutely different
lighting
this girl has a nice ass no matter what
is this really supposed to be a
before-and-after come on dude destiny
absolute delusion okay okay like I
really want to be done I really want to
be done but this is like dude you can't
fall for this and an adult let them get
brothers listen and then is fighting in
chat we need to help him okay we need to
help him okay don't get baited by women
that do this okay standing straight up
lifting the leg don't get fooled by the
leg lift don't let don't get fooled by
the leg lift okay don't get fooled by
the pants that are literally hugging the
[ __ ] that are being eaten by the ass
versus like the swimsuits or whatever
that don't let don't let it happen okay
don't let it happen we have to save our
brother and an N okay don't let him fall
down this hole yeah it could also be an
addiction to I'm not sure but I'm just
saying dude you can't compare these
totally [ __ ] separate angles also how
the [ __ ] doesn't even [ __ ] make sense
before only going to the gym three times
a week
oh I have no ass after six gym sessions
a week all at like what does that mean
are you literally [ __ ] doing glutes
like [ __ ] six days a week you're
going every come on dawg what are you in
[ __ ] roids
get the [ __ ] out of here that
[ __ ] like ìokay inconsistent routine
because i don't know that means high
carb low protein high-protein moderate
cut oh that was the difference more
proteins going to your ass okay bud get
out of here dude all right
[Music]
