I kind of wanted to do a YouTube video
on this because I think that organizing
my thoughts here would make the
conversation a little bit more
productive but we'll try to keep things
somewhat organized as we go so I think
that there are four groups of people
here that are probably worth talking
about we have the boobie streamers we
have the boobie streamer supporters or
the people that like women we have the
boobie streamer haters or the RN cell
slash train wrecks crowd and then we
have twitch so there's actually only
like one party that's like super [ __ ]
here
that's like absolutely 100% has no
defense of itself and it's just totally
in the wrong and surprisingly or maybe
not so surprisingly though the problem
is actually just entirely twitches
problem
it's just 100% twitches problem so what
we have right now at twitch I guess or
where it seems to me that for some
reasons which one addresses what we have
right now is a crisis of culture right
where what we don't actually know is
what is the site's supposed to be used
for what is expected on the site what
what what is twitch right that's kind of
the problem so I guess this is really
frustrating for me if you go to Al and
let's say that somebody advertises a
land center to you okay and I want to
talk so much about all these groups okay
let's say that somebody organ offer is a
land center right somebody says okay by
the way if you go to this place there's
a land center and you go there and you
walk inside and you see in one corner
people are playing call of duty in
another corner people are playing
Starcraft in another corner people are
playing League of Legends and then in
another corner there's a bunch of girls
that are like looking at their screens
and they have massive boobies going on
and like every sub they get and they do
squats or whatever and the appeal of the
streams is all sexual it's kind of weird
and you're not really expecting that to
be there now
you can be a sex-positive person that
approves of cam girls and pornography
and sex work and all of that in general
and you can still be a little bit
irritated that it's there when when you
show up to the land center you kind of
expect to go there to play games you
know like it just doesn't jive with what
you expected there to be there right
well we should change to our meme
overlay I guess the problem that we have
is the twitch for whatever reason
refuses to define their culture or give
people any clear guidelines about what
it is twitch is supposed to be about and
again this is a problem with twitch not
just giving people a clear guideline of
what their culture is supposed to be so
oh there was a reason I didn't come to
this view um I guess I don't need to if
if you go to um this is a talk that um
this is a talk that I've had before on
stream okay but I'll kind of give this
this is kind of like a customer service
basic first principles discussion okay
very very very basic very important
thing to understand maybe the most
important thing to understand about
customer service okay well if you have a
friend and you go to McDonald's and
somebody buys $1 double cheeseburger I
don't know if they still sell with
double cheeseburger now let's say you
buy $1 double cheese we're gonna eat it
okay they can be happy right let's say
that somebody goes to a really nice
steakhouse and they order a steak and
they eat it and they're really happy
right how is it pop I was that possible
how can you live in a world where
somebody can be simultaneously happy
with purchasing a cheeseburger and
eating it and thinking that's good but
then also purchasing a steak and eating
that and thinking that's good from a
really nice steakhouse right how can
these two things exist right the steak
is way better than the cheeseburger why
would you ever eat a cheeseburger when
you could just eat steaks all the time
right it doesn't really make sense right
but it does make sense right so the idea
is in customer service there's this
really important concept known as
managing the customers expectation
okay if you go to McDonald's or if you
go to Burger King or if you go to
Wendy's and you purchase a cheeseburger
or some chicken nuggets or some french
fries you know exactly what you're
getting you go there you buy the
cheeseburger you buy a french fry you
get exactly what you're expecting
hopefully the food is hot it's not
[ __ ] up and you eat it and you're
happy if you go to a steak house you pay
for a steak and you get a cheeseburger
that you know you're [ __ ] upset right
you're not upset because the
cheeseburger is bad right this is one of
the most important things to understand
about customer service the customer is
never upset because what you delivered
was bad or or or or wasn't good the
customer is upset because you failed to
meet an expectation right this is where
this is where disappointment exists in
the mind of a customer disappointment
exists because of the gap that's created
between what you deliver and what they
expected you to deliver so one of your
most important parts of customer service
is to manage the customer expectation
this this is true across everything
everything that you deal with we can we
can extend the same for haircuts right
if you go to the barber and we'll say
you're a girl or a guy or whatever and
and you're like hey I want you to give
me the sexiest [ __ ] haircut ever I
want to look like Brad Pitt when you
finish it's gonna be the sickest thing
ever oh my god I'm gonna be a [ __ ]
magnet right if they give you like the
same barber can do one of two things you
can say I'm gonna totally do that in
your fine or the barber can say that's
not possible
you're never gonna look like Brad Pitt
but I'll do the best I can and you'll be
happy with it because that's what I do
right the same barber can give the exact
same haircut okay to two different
people and one person will be majorly
upset and the other person will be okay
with it
why even though he delivered the same
product the reason is because the other
customer had a much higher expectation
fostered that was cause for
disappointment right so the problem that
that people have right now with with
twitch is that we just don't really know
what the [ __ ] the site is supposed to be
about at the moment now
I'm being very careful with my words
because there are a lot of [ __ ]
idiots involved in this conversation
people like train wrecks people like
whoever the [ __ ] okay this is not a
conversation about whether or not if
you're a cam girl you're a [ __ ] or
whatever it [ __ ] autistics stupid
[ __ ] that that conversation is about
it's also not a conversation on whether
misogyny or women's rights or any of
that [ __ ] okay that's not what the
conversation is about or should be about
all of these things are really [ __ ]
stupid red herrings okay now is there a
lot of misogyny that exists in these
conversations
abso-fuckin'-lutely and there are a
large share of streamers that can take
the blame for that for being women
hating [ __ ] pieces of [ __ ] whether or
not you agree or disagree that's just a
[ __ ] fact okay there is no reason to
be as obsessive and upset about some
people doing what they do on Twitch
unless you legitimately [ __ ] hate
women and I know that is a fact I know
that to be true there's just no reason
to get so upset about it if you go to an
IRL stream like this is sometimes like
let me this is a reasonable person's
reaction okay so let's say that I go to
a twitch TV I look at the IRL section
okay and I see like like Oh pink
sparkles is doing a boobie stream right
maybe I click it because morbid
curiosity and I go it's like oh okay
well I see she's got her leg up and it
boobs out like jeez that's pretty
[ __ ] bad right
that's stupid whatever and then I click
out okay this is a reasonable person's
reaction to viewing content that they're
not forced to watch okay that they don't
agree with if you go to pink sparkle
stream you see their legs are click I'm
gonna take a [ __ ] screen shot I'm
gonna [ __ ] 4chan I'm gonna [ __ ]
Reddit I'm gonna go my discord group I'm
gonna [ __ ] post this everywhere this
stupid [ __ ] [ __ ]
is never gonna post on Twitch again when
I'm done with her I'm gonna I'm gonna
[ __ ] hate I hate her
and I hope she [ __ ] dies I thought
like this is not a normal reaction to
content that you find offensive okay if
this is your default reaction then I
suggest that you take a really deep
breath take a deep breath step away from
the [ __ ] computer and realize if
something is wrong with you okay
watching something like that but you're
not forced to watch should not have this
kind of visceral reaction on you so when
I see like the livestream fail threads
that are going up where people are going
[ __ ] crazy about boobie streamers and
[ __ ] there's it's obvious okay there's a
problem here with people that [ __ ]
hate women for whatever reason and it
may be because your guys who are [ __ ]
playing video games you never talked to
a woman before I understand it could be
scary maybe a lot of women who [ __ ] on
you because maybe you don't know how to
shower or shave or whatever and so
people don't like to be know you because
you smell bad or whatever it's all cool
that you know there's Ian Chang's in the
world
you know it happens but take it take a
take a deep breath okay take a deep
breath realize that if you're getting
insanely [ __ ] upset about boomy
streamers on Twitch the problem is
probably you chill the [ __ ] out there's
no [ __ ] reason to be [ __ ] on air
on all of them there's no reason to be
[ __ ] on oncam girls in general okay
especially because 99% of the guys that
make fun of those girls blowed up
[ __ ] pornhub and masturbate
immediately [ __ ] after don't be a
huge hypocrite do not be that stupid
[ __ ] piece of [ __ ] that will on one
hand [ __ ] talk ham girls rental
endlessly and then on the next hand go
and [ __ ] jerk it to [ __ ] you know
cam girls because you're never gonna get
a girlfriend okay don't do this [ __ ]
don't be that person okay firstly all
right secondly there is a culture
problem at twitch what the [ __ ] is IRL
and what does IRL have to do with gaming
it's just a totally different bizarre
thing it is possible to be critical of
people that are literally selling sex
which a lot of these boobie streamers do
okay and that's it that's totally valid
to be critical of that just because
somebody is critical that doesn't
necessarily make them misogynistic
doesn't necessarily mean they hate sex
workers doesn't necessarily mean they
hate women it is entirely possible to be
highly critical of the sale of sex on
Twitch okay without being somebody that
hates women so it's important to
simultaneously acknowledge that as well
all right the problem is that we just
have no [ __ ] idea what the [ __ ] the
expectation is at Twitch and the
constant the constant double standards
apparent double standards that seem to
exist when it comes to when it comes to
enforcing these rules it's just not it's
just really [ __ ] confusing you know
like and and I've had strong stances on
boobies streamers in the past you know
if if you um if you play games and you
look hot as [ __ ] that's fine dude if I
was a girl and I had big boobs and I
play games you better [ __ ] believe
that I'm gonna be hardcore [ __ ]
boobie streaming dude I'm gonna have
I'm gonna have t-shirts with no [ __ ]
bra on I'm gonna have my biggest push-up
[ __ ] brought you're gonna see my
boobs every [ __ ] stream because I
will do whatever I can to get feet in
the door okay
it's why I'm joke every stream so I call
people autistic so I have funny insults
and I think of clever and creative ways
for people to commit suicide I do this
because I'm trying to sell my stream to
you better [ __ ] believe it
with that kind of stuff I am totally
[ __ ] okay with that because this is a
hustle okay you're self-employed
nobody's gonna help you stream well
unless you've got friends on Twitch for
me
nobody's really gonna help you okay know
you're looking out for yourself it's
your own stream and you're self-employed
nobody's cutting you a paycheck unless
you're working for it so yeah you do
your hustle you get paid okay however if
there is a stream on Twitch and you
literally like selling access to your
snapchat on Twitch this is a sex stream
now okay there are sub reddits for this
I'm pretty sure they're separate is to
sell clothing you can go to I think sex
sells or sell sex or whatever is a
subreddit you can go there and and have
people pay you for whatever [ __ ] [ __ ]
they offer there there are there there's
the cam web sites we can go to there are
sites that exist for content like this
twitch is not that site you probably
shouldn't be selling access to things
like snapchat on Twitch because it's
just not the type of culture that was
supposed to exist on Twitch now notice
how I keep saying it's not the type of
culture that should be right notice I
keep saying these things that's not
necessarily how it is the problem is
that everything that we're talking about
right now is an extreme hypothetical
because twitch refuses to define the
culture of their platform and this just
is horrible why why can't twitch just
come out and make a statement and say
hey this is like if twitch does this
then we bury the axe in this issue and
we never talk out about it again okay
twitch comes out and twitch says hey
we're just letting you guys know we like
IRL streams if girls want to [ __ ]
workout or squat or sell snapchat or
whatever that's what I RL is for we
created that section to give these
people an outlet to express their
creativity and do whatever content they
want and you're just gonna have to deal
with it because that's what that that's
what that section exists for right if
they put out a statement like that then
fine people on on our livestream fail
we'll post the threads they'll get mad
and then people linked to the tos I go
hey this is what they do at twitch get
over it
and I wouldn't complain about
right okay well fine [ __ ] if that
such which wants to find a community
sure at that point people can decide do
you want to be affiliated with it we'd
rather go to youtube gaming that's cool
you can do whatever you want okay now if
twitch makes the Ock the opposite
statement right the contrapositive or
whatever right if future makes the an
opposing statement it says hey you know
twitch is applied for him primarily
about gaming we have the IRL section
there for gamers to occasionally hang
out in but you're not really supposed to
be like an IRL streamer and and the
whole insanely sexually-charged streams
where sex is the primary selling point
like pink sparkles or st peach or the
amaranth girl or whatever these really
aren't appropriate things for twitch
then you have to ban those streams or
you have to at least communicate with
your partners there that hey if you guys
want to be on twitch you have to be
involved in some sort of gaming culture
because this is just not what our site
is about the fact that the fact that the
fact that twitch tries to like have
their cake and eat it too they're
they're the ones that should take the
blame for the woman-hating and
everything here and I know that sounds
like a really extreme statement but if
you're a woman and people are screaming
at you because you're boobie streamer or
whatever that's because the people are
coming to twitch and they don't expect
to see somebody like you here nobody
messages the pornhub site admins and
says there is a girl here that does a
live stream and her tits are out nobody
does it why because when you go to
pornhub that's the kind of content that
you expect nobody goes to my free cams
and say this chick has literally seven
[ __ ] sharpies and her [ __ ] right
now this is ridiculous
because when you go to my free cams or
ChatterBait that's what you expect to
find okay
people go to threads or streams with
boobie streamers they see them and they
spam reports so they get upset because
they think that twitch is supposed to be
a website for gaming and gaming related
content right this is how the site is
supposed to work so when people are
harassing these girls are getting hella
[ __ ] pissed a lot of it is your fault
is Twitch's fault because you will not
define what your platform is supposed to
be about I don't work professionally in
customer service but I feel like this is
very obvious which so I have to make
either one of two assumptions either one
the people that run PR at twitch are
[ __ ] [ __ ] and I say that very
meaningfully like I legitimately think
you are [ __ ] [ __ ] or two there's
something else that is going on behind
the scenes where you think that you can
keep skirting the issue
so I think that it does well to call
twitch out on this because twitch is not
only responsible for the upsetting of
people that use their site for the user
experience I think that a large amount
of the harassment that exists on twitch
is partially due to their actions
because when you sit here and you add
that sexual content can't be explicit in
your Terms of Service okay but then you
allow streams to exist that are very
clearly sexual in nature on your stream
what do you possibly expect to happen on
your on your service what do you expect
to happen to people that come on in
stream that kind of content they're
going to get harassed that's very
obvious it's very obvious anybody with
half a brain could look at that
situation and go hey you know we're kind
of setting ourselves up for a shitstorm
here we have women that are coming on to
our platform our streaming pretty
sexually explicit material we've added
to our TOS if they're not allowed to do
that and we kind of sort of ban people
for it sometimes yeah we'll just let it
you know we'll see what happens how
could you possibly act surprised when
users of your platform and customers of
your platform are starting to come under
fire for seemingly contradicting your
own TOS it's just really really really
shitty I don't know why twitch doesn't
just come out with a very clear
statement and say hey this is what our
platform is about if twitch does that
everything is solved the oh I don't I
just don't know why twitch doesn't do
that do you think that pink sparkles is
being overly sexual is stated in the
Terms of Service absolutely if you don't
consider pink sparkles streams to be
sexually explicit then you're either
being intellectually dishonest or you or
you or your [ __ ] idiot I don't know I
don't know how to how to communicate
with those people so the question is
okay and this is all it comes down to
this is it it's not a hard question and
again like I get so upset because people
make this issue to be so much more
