this is like my incredibly basic opinion
so I could be totally uninformed about
this but the few like so okay so I'm
gonna be a little arrogant here it seems
like when people are decent at math it
seems like they develop little tricks
inside of their head to shortcut things
so I went through life assuming that
this was just common that people always
did this that people have these little
shortcuts in their head to make things
easier but apparently not everybody does
this what common core or some of what
common core seems to do from what I've
seen is it just make some of those
tricks more transparent so that you can
use them so like for instance when I did
this math here eight times 115 that's
like that's a really hard math problem
in your head 115 115 115 it's just very
weird the five makes it weird think it's
just a weird it's a weird no 500 yeah
but if you do yeah eight times one
hundred is eight hundred ten times eight
is eighty five times eight is forty so
48 at least 120 and then 120 and eight
hundred is nine 20 like that is that's a
really easy thing that you can do yeah
and there's a lot of little tricks like
that with addition subtract subtract
ssin and multiplication probably
division as well there's just a lot of
little tricks like that that you kind of
develop and I guess Common Core spells
some of those out but adults when they
see some of those tricks spelled out get
like really really really [ __ ] ass
pained like I've seen like the railroad
track thing if you've ever seen that
some parents give a breakdown on how
autistic the railroad track thing is but
um that's like that's how I've always
thought of it like you group things up
to the closest hundreds like 394 - like
112 would be like like you would do like
like 300 - 100 and then you do like 94
might like you'd there's just like a
bunch of like little things like that
you do but um yeah the conventional
method of doing the addition and
subtraction with that [ __ ] with you like
somewhere you subtract something to
carry the 1 or whatever that [ __ ] is
impossible to do in your head or I can't
do that [ __ ] in my head if I think of
like if I think I'd like the number like
372 - like 85 like trying to think of
like - -5 carry the 1 from the 7 to make
it a 6 and that's like that's really
really difficult that's not intuitive or
at least for me personally I don't feel
that in my head at all I could never do
that type of math on my head I just make
it a round number yeah you make it a
round number you remember what you added
and then you just kind of like throw it
later yeah yeah exactly like that kind
of stuff is like really really simple
you can do that math very quickly very
accurately in your head
and it seems like most of what I read
from comically strives to teach that
type of thinking the whole point of
order of operations to eliminate
ambiguity obviously ambiguity shouldn't
exist in any of these poems are used to
test order of operations knowledge I
totally disagree
but okay do you have a how can you
disagree with that because order of
operations is supposed to test your
ability to to evaluate solutions in the
correct order it's not supposed to be
ambiguously written those are two
totally different things for instance if
I say the quantity of five plus five
times seven or whatever like you
supposed to do the addition before you
do the multiplication or whatever right
although you could do the you could use
like algebra to do it but um it's just
supposed to test your knowledge of the
orbiter operation not supposed to
ambiguously write problems it's just not
you're wrong here please stop oh no I'm
gonna hide in a shock for a second I
don't know why we're talking about math
which I don't know why I do it's just
there's no argument here so the problem
with this problem okay is that the
divisor sign is just something that we
don't see used in math often because
it's an incredibly ambiguous sign this
doesn't test your knowledge on anything
it's a poorly written problem the
problem is that we don't know if we have
20 divided by 5 times okay the quantity
of two times two this is one way to
interpret the problem but because of how
everybody that I've known now I only say
this I only say this because I don't
know what math looks like in other
countries maybe in other countries you
guys do it differently is that it this
looks like it could be twenty divided by
the quantity of five times the quantity
of two times two okay
it's ambiguously written because this
divisor sign is never ever ever [ __ ]
or lease I never saw it I've never seen
this when you get to calculus I've never
seen the divisor sign used like this
before I would never ever ever ever
survive the slash yeah you don't see
because the way this would be spoken is
it sounds like it's 20 divided by the
quantity of 5 times the quantity of 2
times 2
what it sounds like so this divisor sign
is just really really really [ __ ]
bizarre it's just really weird it's a
very very very ambiguously written
problem
yeah destiny Syria oh yeah okay whatever
dude good luck have fun let me know in
your kal call back when you get teachers
writing the [ __ ] divisor sign when
you get to calc and reef up in yours dog
okay dude
well Justin in algebra we still use the
divisor sign all the time actually
destiny when you're doing integrals you
actually see that's actually really
[ __ ] common actually destiny you see
kind of you see stuff like this you see
stuff like this all the time destiny
like okay dude this is this is so
shittily written I can't even imagine
that anybody would accept a problem
written like this from a [ __ ]
professor if you had a problem written
like this in any calc class every
[ __ ] student would be raised on hair
like hey professor what the [ __ ] did you
mean by this because I never see this
notation in anything ever because it's
the dumbest [ __ ] possible way to
write a division problem but okay it's
not uncommon to use a slash when putting
an equation in line okay Nariman all
right now right now I'm not gonna get
the fact that so many people get it
wrong is evidence that I'm 100% correct
like the fact that so many people can
read it and get it wrong when there's an
alternative to writing it that makes the
answer incredibly obvious demonstrates
that there is a problem with getting it
wrong unless you're some kind of elitist
little [ __ ] [ __ ] that enjoys writing
things as ambiguously as possible to
show how [ __ ] huge your brain is like
it's so obviously written incorrectly
that if a ton of people can look at it
and evaluate it incorrectly there's a
problem in the notation like this is why
we have like standards for notation it's
why this types of stuffs exist I don't
know how you can sit here and take a
problem that so many people can be
confused about not because they don't
know order of operations people know
generally how to do past math class know
that you're supposed to multiply and
divide first the fact that you can take
something that's so ambiguously written
against so many people to get it
incorrect is evidence of the notation is
incredibly flawed but but but okay
there is a specific niche occasion where
that writings acceptable yeah sure of
course yeah of course you can find like
niches where like there are times where
this where this notation is your I'm
sure like there is a [ __ ] assignment
I did on Maple at some point where
there's like become for covers in
formatting and [ __ ] like you might write
on the guy but in general you're not
gonna pair the divisor sign with other
like quantitative multiplication where
you're you're multiplying quantities of
things it's just way too confusing it's
way too [ __ ] stupid explain this then
these divisor signs are not ambiguous
these all look better this is just
dividing a single thing it's not giving
you something that is where it looks
like if you were looking at an algebra
or a calc problem that the coin so it's
an it's multiplying the quantity of
something different software will
process this differently even different
models of Texas Instruments graphing
calculators will process this
differently in cases of ambiguity be
very careful of your parentheses and
make your meaning clear the general
consensus among math people is that
multiplication by juxtaposition that is
multiplying by just putting things next
to each other rather than using the X
sign indicates that the GX opposed
values must be multiplied together
before processing other operations I
just don't know what to say cuz I can I
can ever tell the people arguing in good
faith or not if I ever had this written
to me on a problem where it was 20
divided by 5x like if you saw this would
you assume that this means 20 divided by
5 and then this quantity here multiplied
by X would you ever assume that would
you ever assume this ever you would
never make that assumption 20 divided by
5x you would never assume this so why
would you make a totally different
assumption for 20 divided by 5 and then
we'll let X equal 3 times 3 or 3 plus 3
or whatever right why would you all of a
sudden assume now that this means 20
divided by 5 and then times 3 plus 3 you
would never make this assumption
with proper bed mass you would yeah so
again like you're taking this order of
operations thing to like some really
like autistic like extreme where it's
just you just shouldn't write things
this way at this point why not just use
parentheses to clear it up well that's
the whole thing of what I'm saying is
that it's a poorly written thing that's
so like if we take the people who sang
the sing the opposite that's not true so
if we were to say look at this 20
divided by 5 times the quantity of 2
times 2 if this was 20 divided by 5 X
correct if it was written this way you
would never assume that it's 20 divided
by 5 and then multiplied by X you would
never assume this you would never assume
that 20 divided by 5x is equal to 20
divided by 5 multiplied by x over 1 you
would never ever ever assume this your x
is always in the denominator here
because you would in your mind because
now again I'm only speaking from an
American perspective maybe in Russia or
the Ukraine or in France America maybe
you guys write your problems a little
bit differently but for American
dictation I've never ever seen somebody
take a 5 X here and assume that this
means 20 divided by 5 times x over 1
I've never seen this in my entire life
so in this case if we let X equal the
quantity of 2 times 2 right where we
take 20 divided by 5 and we replace X
with the quantity of 2 times 2 why would
you ever assume it's just again this is
just autism it's just autism this is
just so it's just so bizarrely written
it's just so bizarrely written that's
all I'm saying that's my original point
that this the way this problem is
written is so ambiguously [ __ ]
ambiguously [ __ ] that it's just [ __ ]
why do we care about this cuz retards
like spider dip [ __ ] whatever have
like one assignment we're like in a
computer program they might have to
notate something a specific way ok
spiders spiders answer this question if
you saw this written this way if
you saw this written out this way would
you assume that you do 20 divided by 5
and then you multiply it by X can you
give me a yes or no answer to that if
you saw this written this way would you
assume that this means 20 divided by 5
and then that quantity right this
quantity multiplied by the value of x
would you assume that you're correct
with your entire last 4 minutes I never
argue that well then what's the
difference between replacing X here with
an actual value that if we do 20 divided
by 5 and we let X represent anything
else why does this change then so you so
you're telling me that you would parse
this you would parse this differently
than you would parse this why why are
you assuming grouping that isn't
explicitly there because that's how math
works because nobody okay I'm sorry
in every calc lesson in every class I
ever took I could be wrong okay I fully
admit this I've never seen this notation
okay maybe you saw this notation okay if
your teachers wrote [ __ ] like this then
I'm totally [ __ ] sorry okay if your
teachers wrote something that looked
like this frequently 7x and you and they
wrote 7x like this then I told that I'm
sorry maybe in your math classes is
within it I've never seen notation like
this before though I saw five
parenthesis X constantly in math class
people think 5x is different than [ __ ]
is it wait so you're saying that this is
treated completely differently than like
this so in all of your like in all of
your functions where you're substituting
functions for other functions you oh I
don't know dude okay sure I I don't care
I lost I have no interest in this entire
argument I have no interest in any of us
anywhere around okay I think I think the
Lord I had an easy education I guess so
none of my teachers ever wrote [ __ ] that
was like so artistically ambiguous that
um like even in this I don't know what
purple math calm is but even in here the
general consensus my math people is that
multiplication by juxtaposition that is
multiplying by just putting things next
to each other like 5x indicates that the
juxtaposed values must be multiplied
together before processing other
operations this is how I've always seen
everything written about in my entire
life but
[Music]
is this the new portal problem mas ter
b8 like if I was working with I only
ever used maple I never use Wolfram
Alpha so if I was working with with a
program and I wanted to do this if I
wanted to write I'm sorry if I wanted to
write this out I would never ever ever
ever ever ever ever enter this into
anything that I ever worked with I would
never do this what I would write is I
would write if this is how I intend for
this to be interpreted it would be it
would there would be an easy parentheses
here now we have the quantity of 20
divided by 5 and then that would be
multiplied by 2 plus 2 and then this is
completely unambiguous it could never be
written differently we follow our we
don't have any weird [ __ ] autism
order of operations [ __ ] like this
is what you would write there would be
no confusion here oh ok the quantity of
20 divided by 5 multiplied by the
quantity of 2 plus 2 not having adopted
reverse polish notation there's clearly
one answer to the top so if this was 20
divided by 5x you would assume that
you're having 20 divided by 5 times X 5
times X would be calculated and then you
do 20 divided by 5 X so if we let X
equal any value it would be 20 divided
by 5 with the way that it's written
you could easily interpret it that way
that these are this is one term 5 times
the quantity of 2 times 2 is just 5 X
way there is actually something called
the reverse polish notation okay we're
done why are we talking about this put
it in Excel click
oh [ __ ] dude I would never enter that
former thing in a software and any type
of software maybe there's some software
that people use that I'm not familiar
with but like this is so ambiguous like
it's so ambiguous to stay here and look
at this and say this is a well written
problem requires a special type of
autism it's the opposite you wouldn't
write it like that in real life but it's
so much easier to write like that on a
computer it's that hard to stick one
extra parenthesis I feel like I would
get confused looking at my own work I
feel like I would lose my mind trying to
parse that information I feel like I
would just get constantly befuddled but
maybe I'm not like 190 IQ why not just
make it easy with yourselves and just
[Music]
you
