this can ask a question it means yeah do
you think difference between life
someone has like five generations of
people who listen to fire and Beethoven
and you know philosophy like an eternal
F and people who've just live in Africa
is in like a tribal thing and then they
come into the first world do you not
think there might be some difference
between them on something like so many
levels like do you think that we're all
equal do you consider yourself more like
in the former category yeah cool can you
name me a single Bach or Beethoven song
besides moonlight sonata or Fur Elise
yet you consider yourself part of this
group like come on dude it's where you
can play owner joy like the whole
Orchestra like every woe is there it is
there it has no skater dude in here yeah
what's going on destiny you're not even
oh wait no man yo what's up what's going
on nothing much
oh yeah um we were just talking and
someone brought you up and I was like is
a bit of a cringe on the ethnos tape
like I just don't I didn't maybe I don't
understand your position properly but
you're against like the idea of an
ethnos date are you all yeah I would say
it's really [ __ ] stupid for a lot of
different reasons like what can I just
ask like what like what I like and I
mean perhaps we should play around with
definitions and stuff but like do you
consider like Israel to be stupid or
birthday at all or not not really um I
don't know too much about like the ethno
policies of Israel but I don't like
Israel for a whole host of other reasons
yeah yeah so do you do you acknowledge
the concept of ethnocentrism why are you
reading the are my concert believe in or
what do you mean yeah that's a thing
that I would say is being historically
around for like thousands of years um
kind of I think there's a difference
between like intentional ethnos state
versus a happenstance ethno state like
for instance I'd like some places might
be a majority of a certain race but they
don't necessarily enforce that it's just
how things end up being right should
they preserve that even if they just end
up like that from
so if you ever feel like I'm unfairly
characterizing you please tell me I just
do this to make sure that we're both on
the same page so when you say should Rey
I'm assuming you're asking me if there's
a moral imperative for them to do so and
I would argue no I don't think there's a
moral imperative to maintain a certain
racial distribution in any given country
do you what about like the argument that
like Rome can or should remain Rome and
shouldn't just let in say serious become
part of Syria give up their culture give
up their people give up the history so I
reject all of the give up culture I
don't I don't I don't understand what
that means as somebody that studied
culture I don't understand what it means
to give up culture like cultures
changing all the time what do you mean
like a random from say England or
America or Australia they're gonna have
a certain culture compared to if you
take a random from Somalia or
Afghanistan it's I don't I don't know I
don't really I don't really agree with
that either I think that if you take
from from if you take like say you take
somebody from a rural state in the
United States I think they would have
more in common with say a fundamentalist
Muslim than they would with me so I
don't agree that there's like some
massive unifying culture across all of
the Western world even in the United
States there are dramatically varying
cultures between cities and countries
Wehling people and whatnot yeah
differences in culture but I mean like
the general values of a society give me
a general value that you think all
Americans share yeah you can see where
I'm going with this but I can't see we
going okay we'll give me a general value
that you think all Americans to share
god-given right to the omen created
equal okay so we had slavery for a long
[ __ ] time a lot of people have very
different ideas about the implementation
of all people created equal
I mean you're arguing in favor of the
Methow state you're not American of
course but I mean there are a lot of
Americans that think that not all people
are created equal that some people are
inherently better than other people I
mean this is not a shared value you
don't think what like violence might not
be like a little less acceptable say in
America than it is in Somalia but
culturally even not just legally but
culture
I mean it really depends on what exactly
you're talking about if you look at like
our our our prison systems I think
people are very much in favor of like
retribution violence like we talk all
the time about how like if somebody
commits a crime I hope that guy gets
raped in jail and [ __ ] like that
well it's a former no it's not that's
not empirically borne out in any data
whatsoever so you're saying that if we
just like prison what violent people go
or like what do you suggest we do that
we actually try to rehabilitate them
like what other first world countries
try to do at least Scandinavia is trying
to do right it's not really like yeah
they do but they're not like American
ones
yeah but the goal is different in
America we look at punish and
retribution and justice those are what
we think about we think of prisons
prisons are supposed to be for
rehabilitation not a way to have
vengeance
mean yeah I think I can agree with that
we can we can criticize the American
girls it's been that fun basically all
the golden I'm trying to get across is
that I think that you win your argument
by default if you present a really
disingenuous view of the West is having
some unified culture because then you
can turn it into an us versus them thing
really easily but I always gonna find
exceptions like if I say most people in
the West so it's wrong to kill someone
there well no no I'm not I mean for
something as vague as that I would agree
that most people say that it's probably
wrong to kill someone for like tomorrow
would you agree that most people say
it's probably okay to kill someone I
don't I don't know too much about
Somalia so I'm not entirely sure I don't
know because all I can say what they
would say right these pretty much okay
most komali i need maybe yours that
you're going like bottom of the barrel
like sub-saharan african countries at
that point but yeah you're giving her an
example this is this isn't like a mark
against all black people or anything
though we're pretty far from an ethnos
state but but yeah i get AG i guess i
could agree that sure people say why do
you assume there's some racist in mp1
because were having a discussion about
an ethnos state it's racially motivated
well how is that racially motivated and
isn't just about rights it's about
culture it's about language it's about
an entire day this guy someone who's
growing up with say you know what no
wait horn right if it's about wait if
it's about language and culture the wine
I just make a culture state or a
language State well I mean no that's not
where earth knows what is Estonian what
does he ask no card stand for okay so it
doesn't mean culture and language no no
is not nation that would be civic
nationalism that's not what at the no
state means no it's not we were you
lying to be we're not talking about the
etymology this isn't a let's go to the
dictionary and find out if ethnos state
and nation meant the same thing then why
do you need the word ethnos state you're
being disingenuous right now come on
yeah I mean obviously they're different
you know ways that you refer to ethno
state and it's not contextually similar
similar the way you're using himself
yeah you're being a bit ridiculous like
obviously destiny is using it in a
different sense well no I know I'm using
it in the same sense that he's using it
he's just pretending that he's using it
differently now I totally reject the
idea that what pretending to language
culture erase all of these things this
can ask a question it's mean yeah do you
think difference between life has like
five generations of people who listen to
bark and Beethoven and you know fool
Sophie like an eternal F and people
who've just live in Africa is in like a
tribal thing and then they come into the
first world do you not think there might
be some difference between them on like
so many levels like do you think bed
we're all equal do you consider yourself
more like in the former category yeah
cool can you name me a single Bach or
Beethoven song
besides the moonlight sonata or Fur
Elise yet you consider yourself part of
this group like come on dude it's where
you can play Otto joy
the whole Orchestra like every
instrument the main you know anything
that most people in Western culture I
can like like know all of like the
discography of a bah
I guess it's possible when I look at
popular music today it seems you kidding
how is that it this is like the most
disingenuous like me my Vivaan heard
like just I like when I look at music
today you're acting like if I go out on
the streets that I look at white people
there's like all of these people
worshipping like classical I don't know
it's just like a really weird argument
I'm just saying people in the West we've
all heard but I bet there's a lot of
like really complicated polyrhythmic
music and [ __ ] in a lot of african
places that we're not familiar with it i
mean they are related I'm not a
Christian I hate Christianity but like I
know lead is probably part of my mind in
a way that I don't understand or even
why you would you agree with something
like that there's thing though wait how
can you save it again like you can you
can be completely against something like
say Christianity but it can be part of
who you are and part of your mind
becoming I am completely against
Christian I don't consider it a part of
my mind at all I don't know what you
mean by that
how did see your values everything in
your life is it could be probably
related back to that in a lot of ways
um I mean your culture around you is
inescapable to some extent I would agree
with that sure right so I don't see
where we're disagreeing then we got to
agree okay wait what did we just agree
on sorry well I'm saying that people
have the right to having a first day
that do to control their own it okay how
did we yeah
let's just pull up nations okay sure
well yeah if we agree that people have
right to form a nation then yeah we
don't disagree on anything United States
is already a nation well no it's not by
what nations are the
by ethnicity this is a you thought that
you thought it was wrong to have a net
next day that was and it was stupid and
stuff like that I guess you can say I II
III don't know we've like tautologically
defined like do you think that three is
five and I'm like no and then the other
guys like well actually it is because by
definition five is three and I'm like
well wait why is that he's like well
because five is three it's like I don't
know like what I probably it was mostly
French I don't know the history of
France my history is actually pretty
[ __ ] so Nations has developed where
ethnic groups centric absolutely oh okay
he said the United States was Native
Americans or what is the ethnic
background of the United States
it was mostly what people actually said
in the day it was it was mostly Western
Europeans so some French some Germans
and primarily English okay so in the new
like America should we have like only
English people since that's like what
our primary founding ethnicity was or so
we get rid of all the Germans all the
Spaniards all the Italians all the
Irishmen probably get rid of the
Spaniards in the Irish yes interesting
and now that everybody's like their
blood is all muddled up what do we do
with all the mixed people and everything
we case by case basis I guess try to
figure out what I've a solution like I
think we descend them to Israel okay or
or to you know the Middle East or Mexico
or something like other places where
mixing has occurred frequently but not
in the United States where mixing has
not occurred frequently even though this
is literally a country of immigrants
well a country to save the United States
we should probably try to get rid of as
many next people as possible because
mixing those destroy nations yes that's
a interesting okay
I mean most mixed countries are fallen
civilizations of some variety I need
most of every type of country as a
fallen civilization I'm not aware of
countries today that have existed for I
agree so maybe every single country is
just doomed to fail
so what so definitely do you think I'm
like Napoleon Bonaparte and stuff like
that well like that [ __ ] right the entry
was democratic not checks yeah they
probably were gonna fit but I mean Lucy
rises to being at my century look
because that was a concept thousand yeah
if you're a note if your ethnocentric
and you're basing your values on the
brace of somebody I would argue that
yeah of course you're racist that's like
the definition of being racist yeah but
again has no central I'm not limiting I
don't know way but that definition for
it to me when I look it up it says if I
can't talk and top percentile yeah okay
hey I think that diversity increases the
amount of racism any place that it's
practiced so well of course and having
hands having hands increases the amount
of violence that occurs anywhere that I
mean you can't have races and without
multiple races you can't have violence
without fans that doesn't make original
things necessarily bad yes so no there
is no benefits to our economy by having
immigrant labor any like that all of
that is strictly negative absolutely
under what definition all they do you
just force people to make more babies is
that like a new government program yeah
but it'll be less productive than if you
would allow people to come into the
country that's not I mean it's true by
definition
why do you what do you think happens
when employed what people that could be
doing so our unemployment is not looking
for percent in the United States what
are you doing anyway destiny but I'm but
wouldn't you think that's like a
short-term way of looking at it like no
I'm looking at it in the long-term way
really we're bringing all these people
for what is a short-term thing of
producing more food
why do you think markets and the economy
are short-term things labor is a
resource you grow your country by
expanding your pool of resources like
would you how is it a short-term thing
because it has a short-term effect but
it has a long-term right I guess I just
don't see all these societies suffering
that destiny a good way to refuse this
guy's point is to bring up the study
yeah I understand David cards
immigration study it's the Mariel
boatlift stuff that but that's just
economic stuff what why can't you just
here's a question because I just don't
understand this why can't you just live
with people that look different than you
why is it like such a big deal for you
okay so what name one action quickly did
this but destiny this quickly I'm happy
to leave with people that leave like
that look differently and all that if
it's like 1020 percent of the population
I don't want it to be 80% of the
population changes to a different
culture why does it matter well because
I think that would change the Coakley
kid like in what negative way they
change what the culture so our culture
today is the culture of Bach and
Beethoven what does that even mean but
no it's a developmental and absolutely
it's extensional it's it's out our
culture is undeniably better than
Somalian okay you you do know that I
mean it's just like a really weird wait
it sounds like a really basic uneducated
way to describe a culture like X culture
is better than this Kotter there's a
really witty what do you mean like that
sounds like a Momo relativism cultural
relativism honestly being in yeah of
course because everything is relative
yeah the way our culture changes all the
time so like pain is relative suffering
is relative to some extent yeah some
people today if they lose their cell
phones like go [ __ ] crazy I would say
that's a relative kind of stuff right so
say I'll give you the same hair
questionnaire you ask Russell Brand if
you had your children we were doing some
sort of experiment
the other daughters an active girl can
say America or they could grow up in
Afghanistan which one would you choose
for them if you want their well you get
their well-being in mind probably
probably the United States versus
Afghanistan sure now see that sounds
like a simplistic understanding how are
you saying that way better than then I
didn't say we were better than them
you're talking about you're asking me a
question of nations and then you're
trying to say that applies to the people
you're asking two separate things the
country of the United States of America
is better than the country of
Afghanistan in my opinion in several
different ways however it's not just
about the people though it's about our
institutions that we've built that those
don't just go away because you bring
other people into the country you really
think we put the institutions in the
Middle East that we've done over time
yeah sure I think that most countries
would probably tend towards something
that we have I might I don't know I
guess it could be a little different I
don't know it kind of depends I mean
okay you sang her baton let's say that
happens over a hundred years what about
right now though they're talking about
now are we I'm not I look into the
future I have a kid I want the future to
be as good as it possibly can be good
kids lots been he's really gonna he's up
gonna stand gonna be as good as America
in the next 50 to 60 years well I don't
know maybe African countries have made
extreme games all across the board in
the past like 20 or 30 years I don't
know if not yet but I mean as they get
better it's better for the US as well
like if about if Africa is a valuable
trading partner to the United States we
can market goods to them if we can get
labor from them like so yeah so I would
want these nations to develop as much as
possible yeah sure we met in both
keeping their people in their nation and
not letting them all come to our nation
no I mean I don't know I'm I guess I'm a
liberal I don't know what your
background is but like I mean that like
in the classical sense so like I think
people should be free to choose to do
what they want to do what they feel is
best for their lives as long as you're
not infringing on the rights of other
people even if they don't classical
liberals themselves they want to come to
you and impose they Sharia law stuff
like that they should still just be left
in Iran at your country and you know I
would I mean I would hope that the laws
of my country or whatever could protect
me from that I
