anecdote versus data so collecting data
and collecting it well is so [ __ ]
hard to do it is so hard to do holy [ __ ]
when you read a stat the work that goes
into collecting the data to make that
stat meaningful is so [ __ ] hard let
me give you let's do one quick thought
experiment as an example and we can
start to go over the plethora of
difficulties that you face as a
statistics researcher or data researcher
okay try to do this okay let's say that
I want to find out how many people play
video games okay what percentage of the
population plays video games so first we
need to rigorously define what we mean
by playing video games and include that
in the prompt so does that include
playing a mobile game
does that include playing games when you
were a kid what's the time frame how
often do you have to play to be
considered somebody that plays video
games are these things we want to built
into our questionnaire etc etc so the
wording of the question has to be very
specific so that you're capturing the
data that you want to capture right
let's say even that we solve all of that
okay let's say that we solve all of that
stuff so we've got the perfect question
it's gonna gather the perfect data etc
etc okay all of that is perfect right
how do you do this poll where do you do
the poll at okay who do you poll to find
out what what percentage of people play
video games so let's say that we go
let's say that we run this poll by phone
okay now let's say that we want to be
truly random okay so we're going to run
this poll by phone okay so because we
don't want to get we don't want to well
we're not gonna run it in a school
because we know that young people will
answer more than then old people right
then young people are likely to play a
game so we're smart we're not gonna go
to a high school in Poland because we
pull in a high school it's gonna be a
much higher percentage than the overall
population so we're gonna stay where the
high school so let's go to the phone
books right maybe you pull in the phone
books everybody everybody that you you
pick a bunch of random phone numbers and
then you call people to find out you
know what percentage of them play video
games well what if in phone books what
if the only thing listed are home phone
numbers right maybe the people that own
home phone lines are more likely to play
video games than the people that don't
home owned phone lines right so even
something that seems random like a phone
book might [ __ ] you maybe you try to run
the poll
on reddit well if you're renting a
pullin reddit you're already selecting
for a very small percentage of the
population that's computer savvy enough
to go on reddit so now you've got a
problem where you're already over
selecting for tech savvy people so you
can't run the poem on reddit
like what like where do you uh where do
you go to run a poll like this right I
could run it in my chat that's gonna be
dramatically off because obviously
you're watching a video game streamer so
a lot of people are probably gonna be
likely to do it um you know you you
could run it at a um you could do a poll
on Facebook and assuming that Facebook
side targeting or whatever is really
good maybe but again for Facebook you've
already over selected for like a decent
percentage of the population you could
look at consumer data while we're trying
to collect consumer data right this is
like a really simple question all right
I'm just trying to find out right like
how do you figure out like the
percentage of people playing polls right
these are all questions that you have to
ask right now here's the important part
about this question okay the thing is if
you um if you pull people on this okay
if you're doing it wrong you're gonna
get data that's severely [ __ ] in a
certain category and it's gonna lead you
to believe something that's not true
right say that we go to a ninth grade
classroom and we pull people to figure
out what percentage of them play video
games whatever number we get is gonna be
way higher than reality
probably because younger people probably
have a higher tendency to play video
games and older people probably right
there are famous examples of this
[ __ ] up in the past where I think
somebody put like a callin poll or
something at the back of it was either a
magazine or a romance novel where the
question was are you happy with your
marriage and originally the poll was
like dramatically off it was like 90% of
women were dissatisfied with their
marriage but when people dug into the
research more what they found out was
that somebody that was unhappy with our
marriage was much more likely to call in
and report that than somebody that
wasn't unhappy with their marriage so
even sticking something in the back of a
magazine that might seem innocuous like
a decent way to collect data could be
severely off because the people that
choose to respond to your poll are gonna
be motivated to answer based on what the
answer is
there's like a million different things
that can hurt your ability to collect
data when we were listening to the
Sapolsky lectures on biology right they
did that big study that showed that men
were better than women at math because
they tended to do better on tests or
something and it was like a hugely
massively controlled experiment I think
this got published in nature showing
that even at early age
men were more likely to do better than
women but then when they dug into even
that research more what they found out
was we'll hold on if you look at the way
that men and women are treated in
classrooms teachers are more likely to
call on a boy than a girl to answer a
math question even if a boy and a girl
raised their hand so that was even
called into question right all of this
makes collecting data well very [ __ ]
difficult there's a million [ __ ]
questions that you have to constantly
ask to make sure that the data that
you're collecting is a fair
representative sample of data from your
population a good cross-section is very
very hard to do this so I'm interested
to hear your answer on anecdote verse
data I'm a PhD student I've created
datasets that literally consisted of
nothing but anecdotes but I want ever so
great that the flow of anecdote is not
data sampling analysis and framing go a
long way in turning about stories news
reproduce it yeah sure so let's use
malmo as an example okay all right and
I'm gonna make up a lot of [ __ ] okay
let's say that you have a city okay
let's say that we go to this city okay
hey here we are we're visiting this city
okay and let's say that we we go we
spent three days we go to this part of
the city then we go to this part of the
city and then we go to this part of the
city so here is all of the things that
we have to ask let's say that as we go
here in three days let's say that during
these three days we witness two crimes
okay so if we witness two crimes in
three days okay
Oh God two crimes and three days okay
does it like if we extrapolate this out
what is this mean like 200 and 220 1.75
whatever like 221 days of the year
there's gonna be crimes because we
witnessed it well this is only a small
section of the city firstly we're only
looking at a small section of the city
firstly secondly what we're observing is
going to be biased we can only see
things happening on the street thirdly
what if we're here during a time period
when crime is over-represented for
instance if we come during the summer
months is crime historically
over-represented during the summer
months versus the winter months maybe
were in a time period where crime is
higher than normal and we're not taking
that into account
maybe you're there's like there's a
million different confounding variables
here that can influence what maybe you
see crime that isn't reported maybe
somebody's stealing something that's not
reported so what you're actually seeing
is something that could exist in a whole
bunch of other environments that also is
a
but you're seeing it here so you assume
that it's you know must only happen here
whatever this is what I mean when I say
anecdotes or bad data is worse than no
data because you might have an idea that
like okay well I don't know anything
about Malmo saying that you know nothing
about crime in this area is better than
making a bad observation bad observation
and then extrapolating that into bad
data okay because now you have an answer
that's wrong it's better to say I do not
know than it is to say I know something
that is incorrect right this is this is
the problem and and you can apply this
type of statistical analysis you can
apply this to a million different things
in every part of your life you can apply
this form of thinking let's say that I
do something on stream and I want to
find out if I if I'm doing a good job at
getting new subs so let's say that I try
something some day and I want to see
that I do a good job at getting subs
well here's my first question how many
subs did I get today okay Wow let's say
that we have 25 subs what was that good
well I don't know how do we find out if
that's good um well let's look at what
we got the last day okay I got 10 subs
yesterday and I got 25 subs today holy
[ __ ] that's really good that's a success
right we did it we got 50 more subs
yesterday than than we did or today than
we did yesterday well is that good well
we don't actually know you have to
compare more than that when you're
talking about sales figures you're
talking about running sales what if
yesterday was a Thursday okay and today
was a Friday what if we go back the past
week and we find out that last Thursday
we got 11 subs and we got 40 subs on
Friday well actually if we go back and
we compare like days to like days what
we actually found out was oh well hold
on normally on Fridays I get way more
subs than I do on Thursdays but when I
did my special sub thing this Thursday
Friday
I actually got less than what I should
have right oh well [ __ ] so maybe this
was a massive [ __ ] failure right well
let's go back to last Friday what if
last Friday was the day after tax day
we'll hold on maybe it was tax so what
we actually have to do is go back a year
or go back a month and say okay well on
the 31st of this month last year
what were the sub differences between
Thursday and Friday right there's like
this is what I'm saying when I'm saying
that everything with data is so
complicated that you have to make sure
that you're looking at the right day to
the right numbers that there's a million
different confounding variables
they can influence whether or not the
answer you're getting is telling you
what you really want to know I'm sorry
I'm presenting this in a really
pessimistic fashion I'm not saying that
it's impossible to figure out an answer
to anything I'm just saying that like if
you want to be intelligent about it
getting the correct answer to your data
is such an involved process it's like a
it's a massively involved process to
make sure that you're asking the right
questions that you're collecting data in
a responsible way and that that data is
actually answering the question that
you're answering or answering the
question that you're asking and and not
being confounded by a hidden variable
that you're not considering oh okay
does that make sense what is the guy
that asked me why isn't the plural of
anecdote data hey destiny why do you
want people to make good arguments and
if they do how will that help you I just
like it when people talk about arguments
in a rational way if you're being
irrational it makes you impossible to
communicate with and I view you as less
than human I have a very we have brains
and we have rationality we have the
capability to do that no other [ __ ]
animal can do it [ __ ] the vegans humans
are the only ones that are cool and do
this [ __ ] that's why dolphins even
though they're so intelligent on the
verge your [ __ ] extinction cuz those
dumb [ __ ] can't even figure out
how to get on the [ __ ] water did get
the [ __ ] out it you're still in the
[ __ ] ocean if you think you're smart
you guys run around raping your [ __ ]
foreheads with your dicks alright [ __ ]
off dolphins alright
human beings the smartest [ __ ] you hat
you have the capability being rational
embrace it okay the brain is the most
important muscle in your body beside
your [ __ ] dick
gotcha I wish people like Thomas I would
know how difficult it is with the data
they're so [ __ ] [ __ ] when it comes
to interpreting the dinner remember
Sargon with the [ __ ] marriage thing
oh yeah
like there's another really good thing
okay like here's like um like this is I
would bet money okay that over half of
Americans would get this incorrect okay
over half of Americans will get this
incorrect okay okay what does this graph
tell us married couples do better
among all races okay we can see the
median household income of a person
living alone we can see the median
household income of a single parent and
we can see the median household income
of people that are married with children
okay here are a couple of statements
that we can make about this data okay
people that are married with children
tend to have a higher or have a higher
median income than single people or
people living alone okay that is the
only statement that we can make about
this data period now a lot of people
will make a huge jump and they'll try to
say ah well a single person if they
would just get married they would make a
lot more income however that is not
supported and wrong that is not
supported by this data that is not what
this chart tells you okay if a person
living alone were to become married with
children their income would go ant wrong
route nope that is not what this tells
you that is not what this tells you so
well what do you mean destiny people
that are married with children have
higher incomes and people living alone
of course if the person living alone
would get married and have children they
would get a higher income we don't know
that the data does not that might be
true but what you have there is a
hypothesis because that hypothesis is
not supported by this data you need to
get new data to support that we can
think of multiple hypotheses that
explain this data that don't involve
that for instance maybe people don't
choose to get married until they're
wealthy if that's true that means that
wealthier people tend to get married and
then have children that means that
wealth is a precursor for marriage not
an effective marriage now what I just
said
that's another hypothesis it's not
necessarily supported by this data now I
happen to know that that's probably true
because I've analyzed the data but we're
not analyzed but I've looked up data
before that wealthier people tend to get
married but I'm just saying that people
will extrapolate a lot out of a single
poll and then they think that they can
when they can't destiny you cannot
seriously think that over half of
Americans when I was I mean oh no you're
right I probably 75 percent plus would
say that
but like for instance and and we can
actually we can run [ __ ] thought
experiments it should to try to prove
this to like I can think of a number a
plethora of circumstances where person
lives alone they find another person
that's broke as [ __ ] and they go like
hey let's just [ __ ] let's get married
and have kids and we'll make a [ __ ] to
no honey no that's not how that works
right we don't have a mechanism to
describe that a mechanism where a person
living alone can magically get married
have kids and make a lot more money that
mechanism doesn't exist you can't
explain that or maybe you can I bother
sighs money we could go through the date
and try to find out but um isn't it
shitty to use household income on this
graph and not independent income this
graph seems really misleading well no
because household income is important
right because you because there are
certain bills that will be shared like
utility bills will be shared household
bills like mortgages or rent payments
will be shared so what else like I could
think of a million different things for
why oh here's one that I learned about
in psych class a long time ago right
people do research and find out like to
sleep correlate with success in school
and and and there is there was a study a
long [ __ ] time ago my psych class this
was literally like we're digging back
boys like 11 years ago okay where they
did a bunch of research and I found that
you could like directly correlate the
amount of sleep that you got with it you
could directly correlate the amount of
sleep that you got with your success in
school and the people that sup more did
better in school and you know that that
seemed to be a pretty reasonable answer
because we can you we can hypothesize a
mechanism getting more sleep that makes
you be more rested and concentrate
better right that mechanism seems to
explain that gap but when they dug into
the data more it seemed like that it
wasn't as consistent when they started
to split up people by demographics and
whatnot it seemed like you could find
really wealthy kids that didn't sleep as
much they still did way better than
poorer kids that slept more and what it
actually happened was it seemed like the
people that were getting less sleep had
more responsibilities in the household
or were working and they had less time
to spend on school and it was actually
hours spent on schoolwork at home that
was more predictive of success in school
than just the amount of sleep that you
got right so even though it looks like
sleep was highly correlated with success
of school that's true
that wasn't the explaining reason right
there were other confounding variables
there that were more likely to explain
your success or predict your success in
school than just whether or not you guys
sleep well okay I'm sorry I'm done with
all of this okay I just
it just it's very irritating like data
collecting and interpreting charts and
interpreting graphs it's something that
is very unintuitive like I think my econ
teacher always said that like statistics
don't lie but Liars use statistics like
you have to be really careful when you
interpret data and people can do it in
such a dishonest way that you get like
totally taken for a ride
beyond confounding variables you can get
into meaning like Simpson Oh Simpsons
paradox does this have to do with the
medical school [ __ ] oh this was used for
female where they argued that it was
either male or female discrimination had
occurred but when you dug into the stats
it was backwards wasn't it wasn't there
a famous court case that argued that a
university discriminated against it was
either men or women because the overall
percentage of women that made it was
higher than the overall percentage of
men but when you dug into the actual
data it was actually the other gender
getting [ __ ] in every single
