I have I've been beta testing okay in
the background this is a top this is a
top-secret argument okay
top secret argument but if anybody ever
brings up the taxation is theft meme I
have the murder shut on that I'm not
even gonna reveal it the argument is so
deadly okay that as soon as you hear it
you're gonna be like oh [ __ ] that's the
game changer argument that's the game
changer argument right there
whoo oh man we'll see if it comes up
it's the response in the form of a
question call most yeah gonna get
another one like that
his coma cities thank you oh okay here's
my here's my meme I guess I don't want
to reveal this on yours I don't want
even be ready for it because I want to
ambush somebody with it if somebody were
to tell me right okay this is like my
meme silver killing bullet that I want
to see a good answer to when somebody
says taxation is theft
right so if somebody says taxation is
theft and you know you can do like the
sane response well we need this to make
a society run bla bla bla like why do
you think taxation is theft like well
because you don't consent to it it's
like what you kind of do by living here
while you kind of have to go alright how
about this
okay yeah you got it sample a Dalek if
somebody says taxation is theft I want
to respond although I think labour is
theft how do you argue out of that
position I'd be really curious to hear
how somebody counters that because all
the same arguments you can make for
being forced to pay taxes and bla bla
bla bla bla you can make for being
forced to have to be a worker right
bring me and I'll debunk that [ __ ]
excuse me could chill okay all right now
destiny is afraid yeah I'm super afraid
actually [ __ ] it get on [ __ ] discard
why the [ __ ] not tell me why it's wrong
I know you said you will always just
come in and do if you're upset that X
kills me is coming on this is your
guys's fault okay because I've talked to
so many goddamn [ __ ] Socialists and
lefties that hi I need I need to I'm so
sorry I hope you guys are upset this is
your fault you've done this to me
and worry the [ __ ] ex kills me go did
you get on dis corn but then I want like
a cool light in the back if I just like
if I take that light and I just diffuse
like a really gentle like blue or green
or purple
well that look really cool or is it
gonna look really [ __ ] stupid do you
know how how would that be I think it
would be quite nice personally god damn
it who the [ __ ] is that
oh you're so [ __ ] dumb I agree with
you a little bit more on the on the
Supreme Court thing though but just a
little bit more okay on the Democrats
and Republicans both pushing back and
forth on each other you matter what I'm
talking about
wait if you're talking a microphone stop
working Oh waking up yep I can hear you
no yeah yeah say yeah understand the
background definitely adds a lot of
context a little layer of complexity to
it
okay what's up what's your response to
the if taxation is theft and labor is
theft
well before I give the response I have
to hear the construction why why is it
the case that labor is theft
if taxation is theft I mean I'm
generally applying the same arguments
people seem to think that taxation is
theft because money is being taken from
them or or something of value is being
taken from them and they didn't
necessarily consent to it like they're
born in a state they get a job and then
they just lose money and they don't want
it to be taken from them and it's done
by force because the government will put
you in jail and then kill you if you
whatever so it seems like you can make
similar arguments for the value of your
labor being extracted from you because
you also don't have the ability to keep
that from happening okay cool yeah I'm
actually glad the reason I jumped on
this isn't because I'm married to the
taxation of death meme it's because I'm
kind of what you just said about labor
value being forcefully extracted from
the labor force is such like a
ubiquitous meme among the left that this
is a pretty awesome opportunity to
actually clear that up because you said
well be careful I know you're excited
but I don't actually believe that but
well why that's your silver bullet
though and even if you don't believe it
we still talk about it oh yeah
I'm just curious of what their response
would be because I think that um I'm not
I'm not married to the idea that a
capitalist is depriving his laborers of
value by scraping money off the top of
their work I don't think that's a good I
don't like that take but yeah yeah so
the reason that take is wrong is
basically the most like the most
fundamental law of economics this was
why you know the economics profession
basically didn't exist before you know
before the 18th century there was no
economics and our understanding of how
you acquired wealth how a nation
acquired wealth was basically well the
economics is a zero-sum game right
mm-hmm so the idea was oh if you want
well if that means you have to stock
well through leaving your country as in
like prevent trade and secondly you have
to go and take it from other countries
and that led to colonization and all but
basically the fundamental insight that
led to modern economics promoted by Adam
Smith was that the actual act of trade
creates value when two people when two
people engage in a bond
Terry trade both are better off than
they were before the trade so this kind
of gets the value of labor of love labor
theory because labor is of Alan is a
voluntary trade and the market I would
take issue with that but go ahead yeah
well it is a voluntary trade what you're
gonna say is you're gonna say there are
opportunity costs to not engage in that
sort of trade and that's true
but saying there are opportunity costs
tuning to decide not to engage in this
sort of trade isn't the same thing as
being forced to do that trade yeah kinda
but I think we can I can think we can
talk on this one degrees so for instance
like I have just as much a decision if I
want to walk across the street to go to
a different restaurant as I do if I want
to move slightly to avoid getting shot
in the head but I would argue that like
the voluntariness of both of these
things is very different right because
the opportunity cost attached to both is
very different yeah but it's not a
matter of the opportunity costs being
different or different it's a matter of
the opportunity costs being the result
of some actor with a gun versus the
opportunity costs just being sort of
like gravity like if you don't produce
anything and you don't trade what you
produce then you can't consume that's
sort of a fundamental law of nature so
to speak that you can't trade or you
can't consume if you don't produce so
the idea that like yeah if you don't
participate in the economy that you're
not gonna be able to consume very much
that's an opportunity cost that's not so
much somebody actually forcing you down
because you don't want to give up your
labor but I think that we can go back
this is a yeah we can go into this lot
but but this yeah but I think the more
fundamental oh and a real quick just to
beep here because I'm not trying to kill
you whatever I did tell him is Herman
I'm playing games so we had to get this
kind of shirt okay okay I found me yeah
so um the other thing and this is
something I've heard you repeat a lot
and it's that basically capitalists
extract surplus from from labor I've
heard you repeat that like quite a bit
and left us repeat this as well yeah I
like your impression of what what don't
yeah so like so my idea so the lefty
explanation of this is that laborers get
together and they they produce some
value but they're robbed of some of that
value via capitalists somebody that owns
a business takes value from them the way
that I view this transaction is you have
laborers that aren't able to generate
any value with their work but then a
capitalist provides the means to do so
and as in exchange for providing the
means for them to earn so
sort of money the capitalist grapes
money off of their labor as well so kind
of as you said like it's a transaction
that benefits both parties is how I view
it yeah and that's the key insight and
that's actually the reason it's sure
that's why it's kinda like it's a
half-truth right because the capitalist
does earn surplus from the labor it
hires that's true but that that surplus
is what incentivizes the transaction in
the first place why would anybody hire
somebody if they had got received no
surplus from that transaction if you
receive no surplus and you have no
incentive to engage in the relationship
I mean the second key insight and this
is probably the more important one is
that the labor also receives surplus
from the capitalists and this is getting
again getting back to the fundamental
law of trade that laborer because he
voluntarily agreed to do that he is
basically saying through his actions
that he is better off engaging in that
trade and receiving his income than he
is in not doing that so both sides
receive a surplus and that's the
fundamental law of trade is that when
there's a voluntary trade both sides
receive surplus and when you have some
involuntary trade then that's not
necessarily the case but that's a really
fundamental that's a fundamental it's
very important to understand that the
labourer gets surplus to the labourer
gets more than what he puts in and the
capitalists also gets more than what he
pays and that's why the trade has been
official because both sides are better
off than they were before sure I don't
think anybody necessarily disagrees with
this theoretically I think that the
haggling comes down into how much of a
surplus is being provided by both sides
which is what people so somebody would
argue that while Amazon might provide
some level surplus to their employees if
you look at the wealth that some of the
higher people in Amazon like it's clear
that there's much more scraping being
done from the laborers than the capital
owner would say that that sort of
comparison is somewhat maybe beyond the
scope of economics to a certain degree
wait so very morally loaded argument as
well right it's morally loaded but I
think I also kind of just fundamentally
disagree if you go to any single laborer
who works at Amazon and it's like who
would you would your life be hurt more
by abolishing this trade relationship
you have would it hurt you more or hurt
Amazon more it's like even if Amazon is
getting most of the surplus where the
fact that I think we would both agree
that the workers life would be more
actor than Amazon would be I have by
saying no you no longer work there I'd
have no right yeah sure and this is kind
of a similar I make similar arguments to
this where it's like you know if some
random Amazon employee would start
tweeting how much he loves Nazis on
Twitter it's not really gonna have much
impact on the company whereas if Jeff
Bezos did it it could theoretically like
massively shift you know stock prices in
the entire company or something I also
like my point is that like laborers
receive a very big surplus from like
when they engage in that trade that
that's why and there's no it's not
exploitative and I think the indications
of this are the fact that you know the
labor markets pretty healthy now when
recessions happen you know an
unemployment happens but in the grand
scheme of things it seems like labor and
productivity and wages they seem to rise
together I know there's a big meme out
there that wages aren't keeping up with
productivity but that's just a lie wait
we can walk over that side because I've
read a lot arguing both sides that where
people disagree actually and yeah I
think you even like something to I've
seen both sides go back and forth on
that productivity versus labor quite a
bit yeah they have gone back and forth
but I think if you understand the
overall arguments the back and forth and
that leaves you kind of to the
inescapable conclusion that that's not
like that's not a true lie or that's not
that's not a true fact and I think the
actual actual source of that is the EPI
and basically if you look at how they
measured it though the way they measured
that was by basically exclude excluding
non managerial wage growth but the
problem with that was that they compared
the wage growth to a measure of
productivity that did include those
workers so those numbers are
fundamentally comparing apples and
oranges if you're the link they
basically walks through that yeah I
thought there was a but then people
argue that their reasons why these
comparisons are may affect what we can
talk about it specifically like at
another time yeah okay yeah yeah
but basically yeah what they say is that
oh we're trying to get the typical
worker so we don't want the managers
yeah and this but the problem with that
is like well your argument isn't really
any longer that labor is a keeping up
with productivity it's just that you
know productivity increases aren't
happening in the lowest on the lowest
wage sectors which is true mm-hmm but
that's not a problem of wages not
keeping up with productivity it's the
opposite it's a problem of wages
tracking productivity - well such that
workers that because frankly if you look
at the labor
is true that the the low-wage workers
especially you know look at fast-food
restaurants those jobs haven't changed
very much in the past 20 years
so those jobs haven't really been the
sector's responsible for the
productivity growth so instead the parts
of the labor force that aren't
responsible for the productivity growth
aren't the ones that are seeing the wage
growth either there are interesting
problems with that that there's no like
reason that has to be the case but
basically the actual overall problem is
that wages are tracking productivity
growth too well and that they're
actually giving the wage growth to the
specific labor sectors are responsible
for the productivity growth and not
equally across the board
sure and then I but then I think we go
back to that original thing we are
saying that there's a surplus given on
both ends where the capital provides
something to the laborers as well as the
productivity of the capital increases
then a percentage surplus is necessarily
going less and less to like certain
laborers that I guess people would want
to see that surplus code to does that
make sense
I understand kind of what you're saying
it's like some bargaining power argument
right like let's say for instance let's
say there's like what so like the
argument you're making is let's say I've
got 15 employees in one manager let's
say that productivity is growing so much
that a single manager can now take on 50
employees or through some metric or
whatever just because his productivity
is growing doesn't necessarily mean that
we would expect to see the labor is
increasing of the of the of the 50
workers now whatever right but the
problem is people would say well now
those 50 laborers are generating more
capital for the business because the
business can spend less on labor for the
manager whatever but they're not seeing
a share of that at all right yeah well I
think it's important remember that
capital increases the income of workers
through their productivity and it's I
guess it's true that if the manager is
the one who's like being more productive
then he's gonna get the wage growth but
III don't think it's like a bargaining
power issue so to speak and I think here
monopsony right I think I've heard you
mentioned that before
yeah wit here what it said again
monopsony what is monopsony so it's
basically somewhat the inverse of
monopoly so when you have a monopoly you
have I'm a lot of buyers and very few
suppliers right okay and that gives the
suppliers a lot of bargaining power in
the market and they have a lot of power
to set prices and set margins on that
they wouldn't
having a more competitive market soma
nopsi is sort of the inverse and that
there are actually not very many buyers
and there are a lot of sellers so this
actually defines labor market because in
the labor market the supply is actually
the labourers and the buyers are the
actual capitalists of the businesses
okay
so people will kind of use this theory I
mention monopsony because I've heard you
dub the market the labor market as a
market failure because of a because of
an unequal bargaining power yeah must be
it seems like it has to be the case but
yeah I challenge that I don't think
that's the case if that's true then why
is it the minimum wages seem to be
positive and every place they're
implemented I don't think that's true at
all
I mean even Seattle they revised those
studies to say that overall ups had a
beneficial impact on the city no that's
not true it depends on its really they
didn't a they didn't say overall
beneficial impact there are certain
movements that they witnessed but one of
the movements they did was they observed
the war look the most inexperienced
workers getting hurt the most in terms
of their hours worked by secondly and
more importantly is that it's obviously
with minimum wage wait wait wait real
real quick for what you just said it
hurt the lowest people by their hours
worked but that was true but I thought
in that study it said even though they
worked less hours they were still making
the same amount of money III don't think
that there are some segments there are
some definitions of workers and I know I
can remember this from the study maybe
you want to look at it more sure the
workers who had experience were the ones
who saw the most benefit and the ones
who had no experience were the ones who
actually received on net harm in terms
of hours worked so minimum wage was a
case in Seattle where the benefits went
to the experienced workers and the night
the less experienced workers got the
short end of the stick which is the
often the case with minimum wage but
again a more serious kind of issue with
your statement that minimum wage always
leaves and leads to good outcomes
because the fact that minimum wage is
always like a spurious correlation right
and that we only in humor big increases
in minimum wage when the economy
we only humor big increases in minimum
wage when the economy is doing well
mm-hmm and we don't do it when the
economy's not doing well so if you look
at it as a policy as a basic simple
correlation it seems like oh yeah look
every time we
increased minimum wage we see good labor
we can see good unemployment right well
that's because you only increase the
minimum wage when there is low
unemployment rate so I don't think that
minimum wage is a good argument for why
there's a market failure it seems like
the benefits are unequal and the
consequences seem pretty you know
unintentional but to a counterpoint to
your minimum wage the fact that and I
think you've mentioned this country
before the fact that companies larger
companies pay their workers more than
smaller companies and that's a
relationship that's completely opposite
of what you would expect if we have this
sort of market power market failure and
kind of restate what I just said when
you have like giant companies giant
companies tend to pay more than small
mom-and-pop shops so if we had this sort
of like market fair that was being
driven by market power on behalf of the
buyers which other businesses in this
case then we wouldn't expect to see the
big companies paying more paying their
workers more than smaller companies we
were expected to the opposite so I think
that's a pretty well I would have to
unpack that a lot of cycles there's a
lot there like my instinct would be that
larger companies would pay better than
smaller companies we got larger
companies can do things more efficiently
I would like think I would appeal to
like economies of scale and whatnot here
that would be my my first thought but
using but earlier you're saying because
of what I believe about there being a
market failure and setting wages that
smaller companies would should pay more
under my assumption that can you explain
why I should think that yeah because I
mean that's kind of why I brought it to
monopsony because that's what you were
getting at and I guess to kind of like
start for more of a lower level
basically it some economists support
minimum wage right but it sounds like
most do I would have to look up at no I
wouldn't say most I mean I would say
most like I would say most support not
abolishing it but I wouldn't say most
support rising it at a federal level to
the to the level actually I don't I
don't like federal minute which I think
federal men which is real stupid right I
think a lot of economists think that as
well okay my point is that if you are
gonna justify the minimum wage on a
economic theory grounds usually
monopsony is what they go to like that
that's the--that's the answer is like oh
there must exist some level monopsony
power okay in the labor market and that
implies that you know these companies
have bargaining power over the suppliers
in this case which are the laborers so
that's kind of why we're I'm saying the
power dynamics through your theory don't
make sense with that
important data point whereas the company
is with more market power pay their
companies more than companies with less
market power
so if wages were being set by this by
this power dynamic then we would expect
it to be the opposite but it's not the
opposite so they always come and it's
not just you making this argument even
economists make this argument that is
there's a monopsony when it comes across
to me as like oh we're trying to reach
some conclusion so we're saying oh there
must be monopsony power even though I
think the conclusion has sort of come
before the data and maybe you would have
to weigh different parts here and I
can't do that I don't have the
background of data yeah yeah and I guess
yeah we don't have to kind of go all the
way into that sure but there's like
competing cuz when you get into like
competing economic factors it would be
disingenuous for me to pretend like I
could accurately wait yeah I understand
but but I guess the major takeaway
though and the SE queda to the leftists
out there is that in a voluntary trade
and that's a emphasis on voluntary trade
both sides receive surplus value from
the trade neither side is extracting
surplus from the other both are look and
if either side didn't receive surplus
and that side would have zero incentives
to actually engage in the transaction
I take somewhere between 19 and 17
issues what you just said there X skills
but very rarely do people start at the
upper bound and go to lower bound when
they are get I didn't think he was
thinking of go and even higher but then
he decided to tone it back now yeah I
realized that was overstepping at first
why are we having this discussion with X
skills mean
all due respect X kills me but X kills
me doesn't know [ __ ] about this why are
we having this discussion you know what
if I couldn't go for it a little bit
going at you saying I don't know about
labor economics I mean I only have a
bachelor's in economics so I'll write
you that I don't I don't claim to know a
lot but I think I know enough to know
what I know and what I don't know so I
understand the arguments on both sides
but what I understand most is that you
don't understand any of the arguments
personally oh he got me I mean it's true
I don't have any degree in economics but
what I do know is that it is very
possible for a voluntary trade to
involve exploitation of one of the
agents involved that's like that's like
a hard fact right that exploitation
depends on how you define exploitation
that's it you could define it in such a
meaningless way that I wouldn't agree
with it it all depends on your
definition of exploitation okay then
let's bring
back to the simplest possible arguments
okay you get marooned in a tiny island
after your ship crashes in the middle of
the Pacific you find yourself an island
with two trees they produce coconuts
it's your only source of sustainable
living someone already crashed already
lives there they say they'll give you
those coconuts if you suck their dick
now in this situation you can engage in
a voluntary trade to wrap your mouth
around that meaty schlong and get that
bread okay totally valid you can make
that choice but don't you think the
initial setup DVD circumstances into
which both of these actors have been
placed involves just maybe a smidge of
inherent exploitation so it's so leftist
tactics to be on this fantasy desert
island island world how about we go to
the world world and look at how the
conditions of workers have improved
where capitalism and more free trade
have flourished you're on your dick
sucking desert island but how about we
have a discussion about the real world
and about countries that have allowed
laborers and a lot of capitalists who
engage freely in trade and let's examine
how the conditions of those workers have
improved over massively improved over
time do we even talk about really just
have kept up with us yeah we were just
talking about that real wages absolutely
have kept up with inflation well before
we meet okay cuz this is actually like
the central this is the number one
reason why I don't like the labor value
theory [ __ ] or whatever it is like this
particular topic so before I'm moving on
to like the productivity oh sure can can
you reconcile like how voluntary is a
laborer when they engage with a
capitalist in terms of earning wages
what well like how do you analyze this I
want to hear both here I know how Irish
lady does it so go talk about this eat
either of you so basically the to lay
out the basic premise what Irish lady is
saying is that if I exist in a society
and I can go out to ten firms and work
to say that this is a voluntary
transaction is ridiculous because if I
don't work I'm going to die
so Irish ladies argument is that this
transaction can never be truly voluntary
that the Capitals have much more
leverage than me if I don't work for
them they could find another worker but
if I don't work then I'm [ __ ] so yeah
so to speak to that yeah so that's not
explicated because the opportunity costs
aren't the result of some third party
oppressing you it's it's not it's not
somebody's fault if you don't get food
and die it's that's just the state of
nature right so but even kind of beyond
that
the fact that labourers are voluntarily
engaging in these transactions means
that that's what they that among all
opportunity costs they have that's their
best option so I'm not so interested in
saying what labor should do so my point
Irish laddie to your analogy isn't
whether I think the person should engage
in the trade or not engage in the trade
all I can do is conclude that they
wanted the decision that they chose and
I think that's the important distinction
between us is that I believe in revealed
preferences I don't believe in saying oh
workers shouldn't want to work for this
or that I all I can do is observe the
voluntary behavior of what workers
decide to do and conclude that that was
their best option among their
alternatives so that's okay key insight
okay and I completely accept the
validity of that let's say analytical
method here's how leftists work leftists
are interested in the study it's don't
work Irish laddie go on all right let's
show up oh good left leftists are
interested in the study of power and
social dynamics and if you look at the
decisions that play into a person's
lifestyle
what type of job they decide to work
what career they go into who they choose
as a partner all of these decisions
there's real really no such thing as a
voluntary choice or at least not a
choice completely free of outside
influence we are at all times
susceptible to influences some of which
are explicitly coercive some of which
are implicitly so which affect our
decision-making my interest is not
determining whether or not somebody does
what they want to do because people can
want to do things that are nonetheless
reflective of really shitty
circumstances a person who's working two
jobs but can't afford to pay for their
like kids [ __ ] like high school
binders and notebooks and [ __ ] they can
choose to work a third job that is their
choice and even if we pretend it's
voluntary it doesn't change the inherent
immorality of a system which would
require them to do so I'm not interested
in looking at people's decisions and
asking why did they do that and if it
wasn't explicitly because someone held a
gun to their head it was a free choice
and that's a problem our society that's
why that's why your Audiology will
always fail if you don't ask why people
are
doing what they're doing then you don't
understand the situation no that's just
one part of the equation let me finish
what you don't see is that when a worker
does something that you see to be the
result of a super shitty situation what
you fail to realize is that they are
selecting their best option among the
alternatives so you can say all day long
how you hate that they have to have
those alternatives but those
alternatives exist in the real world so
the fact that they're choosing the path
that they believe maximizes their
utility in the long run you have to
respect that and you have to create a
system that is conducive towards that
sort of behavior yes what an
unbelievably what an unbelievably
reductive and defeatist way of analyzing
social decisions I'm so okay hold up
buddy so they make a decision and oh
they made it in a vacuum free choice oh
why do they make that decision i my
friend my friend people make decisions
generally speaking that optimize their
personal interest that applies I'm gonna
need you to hold your mouse for just a
moment because that dichotomy applies
equally to a free man in America today
into a slave to the Romans back 2,000
years ago everyone regardless the social
situations into which they were born
regardless the choices they have in
front of them
make choices that will generally no
one's perfectly rational optimize their
livelihood their well-being in the long
term that's generally something people
does nothing about the inherent
immorality of the situation completely I
completely agree with you Irish laddie
and that's why your system is always
gonna fail because you live in a world
where you expect this trade to happen in
the absence of surplus hey what's the
finish what incentive do producers have
to hire workers if they receive zero
surplus from those workers now you just
told me okay you understand let me
finish let me finish you shut your mouth
this time now you you just told me that
you understand people act to maximize
their own long-term well-being I 100%
agree with that in fact that's the
critique I have with your ilk is that
you deny that so you complain about
capitalists receiving surplus from the
workers they hire but at the same time
how can you expect production
happen if you were you know surplus
literally dialogue treating me right I
have any women can I can I ask can I ask
a question
Forex kills me then but I think kind of
gets to the kind of guts to Irish ladies
prime okay okay [ __ ] me um oh my god I
can't talk in here that at the same time
oh okay okay I'm sorry hold on okay so
excuse me would you say that like a
slave that's working for a slaver would
you say that that's like a an okay
transaction would you would you say or
what you said it's an immoral
transaction okay
so then what Irish lady is kind of
getting at is he saying let's say that
you've got somebody that's a slave to
somebody else and then let's say that
you've got like a laborer to somebody
else both of these people are making the
choices that the freest choice they can
make to optimize their situation or what
not what makes the slave thing immoral
and the labor thing moral I would define
that as the opportunity costs are being
externally applied in a coercive manner
so to light a star that's nice on that
but that's not nobody nobody is taking
food out of your stomach they're just
not giving you food there's a massive
difference between those two you don't
have a right for people to come to you
and to feed you okay wait can i okay I'm
gonna wait for people to come and feed
you if you want to be fed then you can
you then you can have people come and
feed you but the difference there is
that if you're a slave then your
opportunity costs are being externally
enforced by a slave driver so but in the
real world worse like oh if you if you
don't work than you starve
that's not anybody coming and shooting
you if you don't engage in that trade
that's just a natural outcome of you
designed to defer from that trade
slavery there's no such there's no such
opportunity cost naturally from
deferring to being a slave wait that's
absolutely not true I never said they
didn't get benefit I said I said I said
that the opportunity cost of their
decision to act as a slave are being
exogenously R being enforced and they're
only exists because of coercion on
behalf of what is an actor answer me
this what is the difference between a
system in which a person can voluntarily
induct themselves into
indentured servitude for a pittance
they'll be provided food they'll be
provided a shelter you know minimal
standards obviously but nonetheless
they'll be provided what they need to
live and they enter into this agreement
voluntarily because they need to settle
a down payment that was made for their
family over to new world what is the
difference between that system and
working any job today apart Kent can I
can I can I ask a question cuz because
that you can talk about all of this for
a lot right what excuse me is gonna say
is that an externally introduced
punishment is different than somebody
that's actually doing it so this this
like very fundamentally gets into a
doing versus allowing harm so here's a
question let's say that there's like a
river of fire coming towards me okay and
then both of you can answer this and I
think we'll see the differences and what
you think right let's say there's a
river of fire coming towards you in one
scenario you can work a job for somebody
and you know you'll move away from the
from the river fire or they'll move you
out of the river fire let's say in the
other example you have the choice of
working with somebody but if you don't
they will they themselves will unleash
your River fire on you to kill you would
you say that these two scenarios are
fundamentally different does not example
make sense Irish lighting a mixin so
yeah okay so Irish lady thinks of
they're identical but excuse me you
would say that these are very different
right yeah of course they're obviously
different even begin I say they're
identical is already kind of patently
false
well even don't even say that the
conclusion is kind of the same you would
have to argue for a duty for a duty for
Cara basic yeah so yeah you can't say
their objective real quick no no it's
not false because you guys are this is a
philosophical discussion okay because
this is literally what you're
disagreeing on you're on a doing versus
allowing harm is like literally what you
guys are disagreeing over like you have
to talk about that no I mean let me
discuss Irish lady's question first
because I wanted to say this when he
said this but if you're known as Irish
laddie backpedaled immediately from
slavery to indentured servitude
I'll there is trying to make the example
simpler so you can understand them but
please know in ditcher servitude isn't a
more simple example of is slavery
indentured servitude is just actually
more analogous to the sort of labor
relationship that exists that's why you
were treated to it it wasn't about
simplicity or complexity don't want to
go back to slavery of course or we can
because indentured servitude the idea of
oh if you have a debt and you work to
pay off that debt is that is that
involuntary it's like well your vault
you're working to pay off your debt
that's fun
different than slavery which you brought
up so you were the one who switched from
slavery to indentured servitude because
you understood my take down because like
slavery arguments that doesn't mean I've
backed off the previous pazam you
[ __ ] dialogue treed me into talking
about theory of labor value when I was
just talking about the fundamental
uselessness of your way of analyzing
economic transactions I would like to if
we may get back to the original
discussion here which is the point that
I never finished was this simply both of
us acknowledge that people generally act
in their own best interests both of us
understand that people should be allowed
to act in their own best interests
that's a powerful social and economic
motivator that we shouldn't infringe
upon however your system your way of
looking at things is utterly agnostic to
pre-existing systems of oppression my
system is interested primarily in
dismantling and oppression in assisting
people in making free choices free to
their own agency free of bigotry of
oppression of of coercion my system is
interested in making life better for
people and you look at this excusing of
the system exists currently look at any
society where a massive my family kind
of oppressive systems and and the
grinding poverty that you describe any
society any case in recorded history and
in any of those countries they have
largely escaped from the disk from the
kinds of conditions that you describe
with capitalism and largely free trade
and we see the opposite we see more
oppression we see most more despair more
poverty what countries depart from that
when they embrace socialism when they
embrace leftism or they don't embrace
free trade free trade in Venezuela
argument I'm talking philosophy and
you're like socialism doesn't work that
is why my point as you claimed because
you claim to care about oppression but
the fact of the matter is that the
capitalist system has been the most the
best by far system of liberating people
from oppression in human history yeah
yeah I I agree with that
generally speaking liberalism has been I
wouldn't call it a success I'd say it
preferable to feudalism
I mean we've made a step forward
I'm not arguing against that point I'm
saying we can do better quit dialogue
trade me dude I had no point if I said
capitalism about dialogue entry if you
haven't already what conservatives do
and I've been making arguments and
Minister you just literally just a
dependant on you you just told me that I
don't care about oppression and I don't
care about you know improving workers my
argument is that capitalism is best for
what you claim to care about I'm not
dialoguing treating you I'm taking the
values that you are telling me you
believe in and I'm telling you the
capitalism achieves those values better
than your own ideology does in ideology
I am I know you're a capitalist you know
I haven't have been interesting I have
an interesting mention from you where
you say that I have all of the bullet
attracting characteristics of human do
you remember saying that about me and
Bobby here yeah so to be clear asshat
Irish laddie has basically said he would
give me the bullet in his and his real
world so while he's here whining about
me dialogue entry entering him we're
coming into this with him basically
saying he would kill me under his
political system okay all right okay for
one I didn't say I would do it I'm lazy
okay let's not assign that
responsibility to me but would you be
killed generally move I don't know you
make a solid case every time you open
your mouth yeah I'm not ashamed of that
statement all right but here's the
problem is I'm having a serious
discussion here
I really believe capitalism is the best
system for what you claim to care about
you hear you are saying people like me
get murdered like why would I
okay this we've gotten pretty
non-sequitur now okay chill he says I
don't understand his ideology now but
he's he's advocated for actually having
me murdered well but yeah but if his
ideology would say that people like you
were exploitive to such a level that
it's in forcing inherently immoral
applications onto society or whatever
then I mean his thing would logically
follow like don't say that like I'm
straw Manning his world of you when his
worldview includes execution of me so
don't I have some right to automatic
will you like we haven't straw man me in
that regard no I expect you to act in
your own personal interest which is to
defend capitalism to your dying breath I
don't fault you for that but what I do
fault you for however is acting as
though you're mounting the substantive
critique of my ideology we haven't even
begun to discuss what sort of
alternatives I would offer to the
problems
well I know but it's killing me so what
else would you what else would you and
after you kill me no I mean you would be
for fun okay
I'm sorry you're right I should tone it
down for efficacy all right
let's let's dial it back a bit you know
what we can we can roll it back a little
bit okay so here's a problem I think
exists I don't think people get to make
free decisions a free of coercion
decisions when it comes to choosing what
job they'd like to work I think there
are factors like insubstantial pay a
lack of public transportation an
inability to negotiate your wages with
your boss and a variety of other things
I'm not trying to cut you off but like X
kills you might agree with every single
point you're gonna say but he'll just
say that the penalty isn't being put on
you by any of these actual capitalists
so it's not their concern that's where
the primary disagreement was well that's
that's what I'm getting to because I'm
concerned about these things and I don't
think they can be addressed from within
the system and and this may be a
contentious point but if we look at the
history of capitalism in Western society
we can see many examples of businesses
going way the [ __ ] over void with the
exploitation of workers if the
government or any other publicly
accountable entity is not there to rein
them in that's the thing that happens
and I don't even think that's a huge
mark against capitalism conceptually
what I do think it is is an indication
that there's room for improvement and
that improvement cannot be well people
are making free choices in the system
that can make it freely so it's not a
problem why do you have a problem with
free choice because that's a super
reductive and nihilistic way of
addressing the problems we face in our
society today you haven't said anything
you haven't said anything at all all
you've done is describe some extremely
broad issues that you have with the
current system and said there's room for
improvement so please stop this these
platitudes and just say what you think
is like what you think is better ok can
we agree on one thing though just one
thing because this is important I'm not
trying to posture what do you think it
is possible that there are problems
within capitalism that cannot be
addressed through market forces that are
severe enough that might weren't a sort
of them extra systemic approach towards
correcting them of course market
failures exist and there's absolutely
room for government
to act as an umpire in the economy
especially in this case it's a course of
course okay cool
all right okay cool then we agree on
that that's really important although be
careful just to make sure you agree X
kills me I'm pretty sure is saying that
he thinks that these things can still be
which is my argument I still think these
things can be addressed within the
paradigm of capitalism this doesn't
require a tortoise Herod I'm sure he
hasn't even like ventured into saying we
should reject okay yeah I just want to I
just I just want to make sure that
you're both on the same page because I
don't know if Irish lad he thinks he
just got you to admit that you could use
on non-capitalist things no I could
never get excuse me to change okay okay
alright just make sure all right so
what's like so what's the change Irish
lady than that you would like to see
done out like extra capitalism outside
of this that can't be done within
capitalism I mean [ __ ] okay how radical
do I go do I talk about the abolition of
capital do I talk about you public
subsidization of workplaces we talk
about oh how about a relevant thing that
we spoke about recently you're a big fan
of the dica motto decommodification dica
moderation housing like there's a word
in there d2d commodify housing I don't
know what [ __ ] I'm slipping on it - um -
OH when was it when we briefly touched
on rent control well say you believe for
instance that people owning not just all
capital but especially like housing that
that having owners of housing that
rented out that use housing is capital u
that that's like fundamentally bad
absolutely okay okay yeah no I'd
absolutely love to discuss this so as
some of you are aware probably those of
you who live on either of the coasts of
the America housing it's a bit of a
pissing state right now it's not
particularly good some housing costs in
some cities are extravagantly high and
what's more these housing costs are
being okay get to get to the fore let's
go what do you what would you do
differently
okay some folks and some corporations
buy up large swaths of housing up them
and gentrify a neighborhood increase in
the cost of rent and pushing out people
who exhibit oliviere privately or who
lived there previously I think this can
be addressed by okay now I know this is
contentious subject but I've been doing
some research over the past few days
there are some rent control initiatives
that I would be in support of because I
think the externality is caused by the
implementation of those systems can be
addressed by a responsible policy makers
screen Dan in here no just kidding
we've already done the trend control
thing to death you know you suck
I might even a horse you die on that
hill because we're in control is such a
dumb hill to die on so no I might even
like I'm gonna do you a huge favor and
say don't argue we're in control so
you're well thank you thanks man okay
Wow I've learned a lot from that from
that little tidbit um [ __ ] okay um let's
let's get to the central ideas that you
think that browsing shouldn't been owned
by a Kabbalist they should be owned by
the state or something right like what's
you've talked for a long time but he
hasn't given any examples of what he
wants to change but my question there is
with the deeds I'm talking about the
paradigm like my assertion is that the
paradigm with capitalism is best for
alleviating poverty is best for pulling
the masses out of oppressive systems and
Irish laddie rejects that so that's kind
of the fundamental question that I'm
trying to get at is why do you think
that like the Marxian view that a
capitalism was useful for it was now but
now we need to like move on past that
like what's your actually like oh yeah I
absolutely believe that capitalism has
been enormous ly helpful for the
Industrial Revolution there's a time
however when all things must come to an
end as one day socialism will - I think
we've reached that point and the problem
I have always had with that argument is
that you see this a lot with like if you
look at late stage capitalism for
example people have this like weird
notion that we're in the late stages of
capitalism where as like in my mind is
totally opposite the only reason that
you think we're in the late stages of
capitalism is because you're alive here
and now in the grand scheme of things
there's still an insanely massive
opportunity for capitalism to
proliferate among developing countries
and then lift their masses out of
poverty so the idea that we're already
at the stage where we can ascend to
post-capitalist society well what's
gonna happen with all the undeveloped
markets are they gonna are we expected
to allow them to develop without other
were looking at revolution we would have
a revolution in a dust realized country
I would never suggest India's ready for
a society but you understand the problem
you have though is that if you do that
revolution in the United States and in
Europe then you [ __ ] over capital
markets so how is India supposed to
develop if there are international
capital markets don't exist because I
think it you've decided your here's
here's the thing your view is
fundamentally Eurocentric because you
think our society is ready for socialism
you're ready for
revolution to come in dismantle
capitalism the reality is that
throughout most of the world they need
the capitalism the International free
trade the capital markets to even begin
to to humor your fantasy of
post-capitalist I strongly disagree with
that offense okay there are so there are
so many things your family to consider
here for one it is not impossible for
these nations to develop under a
capitalist system without the assistance
or without the existence of America as a
strong trading partner for to a
socialist America would still export
goods it's not as though these markets
would disappear we're not talking about
a completely I so it internalized
insular real markets you know what a
capital market is I'm aware of what a
capital when you abolish capital then
what are you left with
I think under like a socialist system
where wait wait can you excuse me can
you explain this let's say that we have
a system where all of the factories are
no longer owned by capitalists but our
own by laborers and why not why could
they still not organize systems to trade
with other countries why is that not
possible what hey we're talking about
abolishing capital right sure a massive
component of interim grade is not
necessarily let me let me finish and
when people think of international trade
to think of trading goods and services
that's important but that's also only
one side of the equation on the other
side of the equation you have foreign
investment an investment is fun of
investment in capital is fundamentally
an capitalist game is that you're
actually investing ownership to have an
inch financial interest in that so for
these developing countries foreign
investment and cap the movement of
capital in and out is super important so
when we collective eyes and when we
don't have capital then how it when you
collective eyes don't you still don't
you still have capital it's just shared
by all the workers or housing company
you don't have capital markets because
capital markets the what's key about
capital markets is basically interest
rates are the signal therefore risk and
time preference so that my point is that
when you move if you moved on the US and
all of these European countries to a
socialist system you like you screw over
the entire the entire landscape of
international tracing knowledge do you
know who the most it's gonna hurt from
minorities it's gonna hurt okay I I
acknowledge the fact that a socialist
revolution
they transferring the ownership of the
means production in America would
appease global trade to a substantial
extent I do not think some quippy
arguments about a capital markets and
interest rates is a sufficient
justification to prevent an ethically
mandatory social transition for some
three hundred and sixty million people I
don't think you can't you can't just go
like oh yeah and India relies on our our
trade your [ __ ] them over for one
that is a massive simplification of the
position that India has both
domestically and in the has had at best
a contentious effect on the third world
on the developing world i four years how
many people escaped poverty worldwide
since the 1980s
what okay for one what determines
poverty is extremely subjective and
usually defined by capitalists could we
could I use could you use China as an
argument for that Irish are X kills me
hasn't China's government been mainly
like a like a single party like rolling
over things it isn't as much like free
market I want it isn't a lot of a
planned economy stuff and I'm actually
the opposite I'm China and India for
that matter are both instances where
they started with this irish laddie
ideal of a socially organized oriented
economy that failed and moved on to a
capitalist system and now they're seeing
tremendous growth and the answer the
question
yeah but yes yes a yes incredulous aia
tea in general isn't it look like for
that wasn't say thanks yeah the answer
my question is that 1 billion people
that's billion with a be have escaped
poverty yes you're right the definition
of poverty is arbitrary obviously but
we've seen in a tangible improvement in
the lot of the lives of 1 billion people
worldwide since 1980s if you claim to
care about like global poverty you would
be hailing this as the greatest
achievement mankind has ever made and
maybe it actually is I would agree i I
have I have talked multiple times about
how capitalism has done a tremendous
amount of work to right here's the
problem I have is that living this only
Western frankly white countries in
that's not true Asian countries as well
where capitalism really has reached the
sort of like steady
day like we're very developed we have a
good standard of living so you're saying
we're all of a sudden ready to ascend to
our socialist paradise my problem is
that you're taking away the opportunity
for these developing economies to thrive
in the same international markets that
are is currently lifting billions of
people out of poverty over okay that you
have absolutely no evidence to suggest
that America's gradual I'm not even
talking about a departure here I I'm
advocating for socialism you realize
there will still be businesses that will
still be exporting goods you realize
there will still be interest rates you
realize that there will still be a like
a like the Fed that'll be now how is it
how does an interest rate set if there's
no Valen if there is no capital
ownership there's no private ownership
of capital how can you possibly set an
interest rate means you because you have
publicly owned banks that said you can
set an interest rate okay I could you
say okay interest rate is five percent
five percent and that's how its
organized in your society the problem is
these capital markets aren't healthy
because when you just arbitrarily set
interest rates that's totally as
arbitrary as it is now wait now but now
in Turkey know now interest rates are a
function of investor risk preference
they're an investor
there are there indications of so much
more if you just said okay we don't have
private ownership so investors we don't
need investors but we'll still invest so
we'll just set arbitrary levels of
interest rates but you're creating this
weaker system listen for one your flatly
wrong we have skipped we have moved the
goalposts so many times initially this
was America's glorious ascension to
communism will ruin capitalism for the
rest of obviously and worse it will and
okay and now you even to wait why do you
deny my friend excuse me okay let let
Irish finish a sense and now what and
now we have transitioned to a publicly
owned means of production in America
would have a system by which we were not
able to set interest rates to the degree
of specificity and contextual and
contextual like validity that would be
necessary to maintain our position of
global
Fidelity I strongly suspect they're
[ __ ] but and I confess this I do not
have the education nor the background to
directly contest them but I will say
this and I would like to close this or
no actually you can rip out all the [ __ ]
you want when I'm done but I do need to
say this it is very frustrating steven
has said many times he hates arguing
with socialists because he has to argue
the nitty-gritties of capitalism against
the idyllic paradise in the imagined
minds of socialists but in practice I
often find the opposite takes place
where capitalism now exists it's the
most precarious [ __ ] deck of cards
house one that spans miles and even the
slightest shuttering on one side could
precipitously collapse the entire system
an incredibly complicated system built
up by millions over the course of
centuries and now I advocating hmm there
are problems with the system
maybe we can approve I now have to
justify every [ __ ] Jenga piece that
might get pulled out in the in the
process of advocating for and
implementing a new system do we do we
realize that's an unfair expectation to
place when they were when we list still
lived in a feuless society and people
started talking about free trade in
economics and capitalism how well do you
think they would have responded to
argument that broke down every single
constituent piece of how feudal society
works and then apply that diaspora to
what capitalism was imagined to be and
then ask them to justify every
conceivable problem that might arise
from the transition between those two
systems it would be impossible it isn't
not only is it an impossible standard to
me it is in my mind and I could be wrong
here intellectually dishonest because
you know nobody is a filibuster over yet
is a filibuster over yet I'm done
because of course I do our study that's
that was never at that was never up for
debate the problem I had with what you
just said is that you're pretending like
you're only advocating that things
aren't perfect in there's room for
improvement don't tell me that's what
you're advocating for by your own
admission you're advocating for a
paradigm shift a paradigm shift where
the impacts are global worldwide and
they're impacting mostly the people that
you claim to care about so don't tell me
oh I'm not an economist I
understand all the minutiae of
international markets and free trade and
so I don't have to talk about that if
you don't understand that you have no
business advocating for an upheaval of
that paradigm shifting impact
none whatsoever and it's immoral for you
to advocate for it because again the
most vulnerable people to your ideas
aren't well maybe me because you really
want to kill me but they're not you and
me they're not our society third in the
developing world who haven't had the
luxury of yet achieving the
industrialization and the productive
power of the capitalist free-market
system you are jeopardizing their
development because of your lofty ideas
that you admit you don't understand so
thank you well so we all can wait I
think I think that Irish ladies problem
is that what he's essentially saying as
you're presenting him with a sort of
Nirvana fallacy where it's not even
necessarily Irish Latisse ah it's not
it's not even it's not it's not
necessarily Irish ladies lack of
education is that literally no person
could ever account for all the possible
fuck-ups of such a paradigm shift but
it's not even it's not even a possible
[ __ ] it's like how is international
trade gonna how is that possibly gonna
be the same and there's no response well
it wouldn't be the same but the
contention the contention would be that
the situation's right now are so dire
that almost any paradigm the world is
more if the world is better now than
ever bit has been yeah I understand that
this is what you think but if you guys
don't resolve this you're talking past
each other right because Irish light he
clearly thinks that the situation is
dire now to call for a paradigm shift in
our society has acknowledged that
capitalism has been extremely beneficial
at lifting countries out of poverty so
what I'm saying is there's a lot of
countries in poverty so if we ascend
past capitalism in the developed world
are we that we run the risk of [ __ ]
overdevelopment well no because I
already saying that the conditions that
exist in capitalist countries right now
are so dire that some level of risk is
acceptable for that paradigm shift to
occur right you're risking you're
risking the well-being of the developed
world basically sure but he would say
them right Oryx are good no no no not
even we're not risking the develop for
one us transitioning to a publicly owned
means of production and the admittedly
which has never worked by the way ever
never okay but that's that's a separate
or separate all right now we're arguing
the effect that would have an
international trade us transitioning
from it so so far the only argument you
posed as to why publicly owned means a
production would disrupt global trade
is the change in the interest rates
issued I do not think that at all until
enough to indicate that the entire rest
of the developing world will collapse
without the influence of Americans note
rates interest rates interest rates are
an example of a metric that are
fundamentally driven by private
ownership so that was my point is that
they're very important but they're also
driven the market level and the optimal
level is driven by engagement and
private ownership of capital okay so the
thing is that you're the one you're the
one who's saying is all about interest
rates that's obviously not about
interest rates the only argument you've
got against in terms of talking about a
broader paradigm of trade and you are
admitting that you don't know how would
look if we if we ascend past capitalism
in the developed world you admit I know
how I know how it would look in America
but you don't know the impact it would
have on international trade and ergo the
development trajectory of the movie yes
press it's true I don't have a full
understanding of every field of
knowledge okay now I can do some
literature that deals with the impact
that a socialist revolution would have
on global trade I admit I haven't read
all the literature but if you're acting
as though that literature doesn't exist
that all lefties are just like platitude
spinning armchair sociologists then
you're flatly wrong I confess this is a
gap in my knowledge but it's not the one
that I came here to discuss because
frankly I don't buy the premise of your
argument a Western trade relies on the
exploitation of the third world here's
my zesty hypothetical what if America
dips into socialism our presence in the
global trading market diminishes because
admittedly the GDP would probably drop
if we went socialist and consequentially
now that we're no longer exploiting the
[ __ ] out of the third world and using
our combined corporate and government
leverage to force lower wages on people
that have to work [ __ ] like slave
wages in their sweatshops in India and
Bangladesh and China care of Irish later
you're gonna die so hard on this
argument good luck no no I'm not
familiar with the common counter
arguments here and I'm well aware of the
fact that these institutions are
preferable to subsistence yeah that does
not mean they are preferable to where
they could have been today if we had not
muscled corporate interest into those
countries to demand cheaper labor for
our production and you can't argue
against that because you and I haven't
no idea where they could have been well
went there are a lot of attempts before
when these when a lot of these countries
are protectionist like under [ __ ] was it
like Mao and China and [ __ ] where they
tried to Lake Forest and able to and it
was let me get in the word India's and
other exam everybody knows China India
you mentioned and you don't know maybe
you do know India tried the Soviet style
socially developed economy the it's
notorious in Indian history that like
the head
finance minister the head economist of
India said don't talk to me about
profits cuz that's immoral and what
happened was that India lag behind the
rest of Asia the rest of East Asia until
they adopted the market system so that's
a problem I have with you Irish lad he's
like yes be together markets are
important for developing nations better
well if Martin Sorrell man the [ __ ] out
of me I never said markets aren't
important for developing nations I said
getting the [ __ ] exploited out of you by
vastly more powerful in economically
influential Western nations is probably
detrimental to your ability to build a
solid standard of living so okay so then
them answering me this if we just said
okay fine we won't open any more
factories in in China or in India or in
Cambodia or Vietnam we're not we want to
spoil you anymore is that better than
the current arrangement I mean there
would need to be a very gradual and
intelligently handled transition things
like yes or no do you think it's better
for it's not it's not a yes or no
question it depends on how it's handled
yeah my point is that these countries
are obviously better you call it
exploitation but objectively the
countries are better off with these
sorts of trade relation she knows
they're better off than they were before
that doesn't mean they're better off
from what they could have been this is
this is like the [ __ ] the the [ __ ]
bright like conservative haha blacks in
America should be thanking us because
we've brought them over for that shit'll
Africa and that is technically true we
did do that with that way without using
dummy okay so when Irish lady is saying
is like let's say somebody comes to your
table you've got two giant turkeys and
somebody walks up and you give them like
one slice of bread and you have like an
extra turkey that's literally going to
waste and then somebody's like okay well
hold on this this deal is not good I'm
like and then you know you're like well
[ __ ] you you've got more than not
it was like well I could have something
way more you're like well who cares you
can't look at that I think that's kind
of like what Irish lady was pointing out
that like sure they've benefited from
these sorts of arrangements but just
because they benefited from something
doesn't necessarily mean there wasn't
something they could have benefited from
more right but necessarily mean there's
something they couldn't have benefited
more it's just a meaningless statement I
could say that about anything it's like
oh wow that was like a really well that
was a really productive release I didn't
well no like when we look at like
exploitation am i supposed to rip I was
that falsifiable how am I supposed to
worry about that like say oh that's
oddly that's the problem I'm not saying
nothing the problem with talking about
these really broad like global
initiatives to change men like massive
upheavals society is that you don't
always get these super specific policy
points and and numbers that you can back
up your advocacy on sometimes you just
have to sit down hash out the philosophy
and think of it and this is what bothers
me when your viewers dependent
Eurocentric you know the developing
world doesn't have the luxury no no no
they need they need free trade they need
international trade America need foreign
investment when we were transitioning
from a from a colony state into a fully
fledged capitalist nation
why didn't we need the kind of external
support that these missions apparently
will collapse first of all it's not
support is trade secondly we asked
that's a kind of support don't be
disingenuous raid is not support the
trade at trade is bilaterally voluntary
that's why it works trades not a
sacrifice of one nations the other
that's how you view it how I view it is
it's a mutually beneficial relationship
okay so how was trade okay so do you
disagree with the statement that the
Western world and Western trade is
predicated on the exploitation of third
world workers or if developing world
work obviously not but again it's like
how you define you agree or disagree of
course not it's not exploitative it's
mutually benefits how about this irish
laddie you say it's like exploitative
i'm not as much interested in that
because i don't know how you know listen
i respond look listen to me let me
finish
i'm not interested in whether or not
it's exploitative because i just depends
on whatever definition you use what I'm
interested in is do you recognize that
it's mutually beneficial um no I don't
okay but you're no that's not true he
recognizes that it's Irish light he
would say that it was mutually
beneficial but there
other forms of engagement between both
yes no no yes shut up because he
misspoke I result he would say that he
was mutually beneficial however just
because something is mutually beneficial
doesn't mean there's not an alternative
choice that could be even more
beneficial to the other party involved
that even if sweatshops and whatnot do
better this is over not it's mutually
beneficial depends on what you recognize
to be mutually beneficial because when I
think of mutually beneficial I think of
an exchange free of coercion when you
think of mutually beneficial you think
of American corporations sometimes back
with US military aid barging into
countries and saying yes I will allow
you to keep these assets of yours we
will not you know impose our impose our
right to exert corporate control over
these natural resources you have if
you're willing to open up these
factories and allow us to have workers
work there for three cents an hour now
that may technically be beneficial three
cents an hour may be better for these
workers than subsistence farming and I
acknowledge that in the most bland
platitudinous worthless ethically
bankrupt way imaginable but I do not
consider that a free exchange not even
[ __ ] close
how can you it's unfathomable to me that
you're trying to pound these argument
that I don't care about the third world
when you are utterly devoid you are not
only devoid of empathy
you are contemptuous eyed of this
equation we enjoy so many benefits in
this country that are extracted almost
exclusively from our unwillingness to
bring the rest of the world up - we are
you say America sounds like that sounds
like a very white man's burden argument
but no it tells us oh we need to bring
them to where we are [ __ ] hands on
them so it's a white man's burden
argument I know it's the literal
opposite we need to take our time and
stop interfering in their national
affairs because we [ __ ] things up we
ruin it for them it's insane to me that
you can pretend to think otherwise I
know you're being dishonest right now
I've seen you talk with Steven before I
know you don't give a [ __ ] about being
intellectually honored you have an
agenda to push and you push it and you
do it with admirable consistency and it
is a characteristic I would like to see
in more leftists but do not look me in
the eye over the in it don't look me in
the mic
phone camera don't sit here and pretend
to me that my desire to see America stop
meddling in the affairs of foreign
nations stems from some subtly racist
okay you guys are like both virtually
signalling to each other so [ __ ] hard
it's making me cringe okay the prot what
the problem is is that you have to
address Irish laddie everything you just
said X killing doesn't disagree with on
a value level what he's saying is that
his system comports to those values
better than your system does that's
worse
that's what I'm saying empirically
capitalism does way better at lifting
people out of poverty it does best at
replacing oppressive systems with more
democratic institutions across the board
name me a country that is at least keep
backing fascists in developing nations
to prevent the scourge of communism from
taking hold in the hearts of their
workers communism is if we no no no if
you really think that we are like the
promoters of democracy and free trade
worldwide why do we consistently assert
the authority of authoritarian I'll give
you I'll give you a little bit here
you've talked a lot let me let me talk a
bit I do agree through to a certain
extent whereas I don't think that we are
like consciously trying to or we
shouldn't consciously try to deliver
these values on other countries in fact
I think that doesn't actually work when
we try to do that as an example see Bush
trying to bring democracy to Iraq that's
not an example of what I'm talking about
what i mentioning how capitalist systems
tend to lead to more free conditions
over time an example i'm talking about
is actually a place like chile now this
is a country where you would say the US
was the one who installed the fascists
in order to stop communism and chile
stop socialism in chile which which is
exactly what happened there was an
authoritarian there was an authoritarian
dictatorship lots of murderers thousands
of disappearances but the fact that
there was a capitalist system and free
trade created economic conditions in
chile such that they're now the most
developed economy in south america and
what actually ended up happening was
that that sort of political freedom that
you yearned for came as a result of the
development and the institutions that
were created as a result capitalism so
what i'm saying is that i agree with you
that capitalism doesn't necessarily mean
that there's political freedom but
capitalism creates the conditions that
tend to foster that sort of freedom that
you came
about better than any other system I'm
getting dialogue treated again I never
said that capitalism wasn't beneficial
to establishing more freedom and more
economic prospects I'm saying the best
paradigm I'm saying it's the best
paradigm though and you're saying it's
not the best paradigm it is the best
paradigm for a particular period of time
usually at ripening but the problem is
we're not at that period of time yet
because most of the world isn't even
developed yet we see or not the whole
world does not need to be ready for one
nation to snag them so yeah your view is
you're eccentric Irish louder you think
you have failed to prove your contention
that America gradually transitioning to
a socialist economy would collapse the
world market your interest rates thing
and I apologize sorry well it's not that
he's failed to prove it is that you guys
apparently are on for now I'm not trying
to this is a load I don't mean this guy
but you guys are unwilling to discuss it
because Irish let his contention is that
America shifting to a socialist system
would destroy capital markets around the
world which would hinder the development
of third world countries which is my
Irish Letty or which is like excuse me
saying that your view is Eurocentric
it's not just capital market rates he's
even admitted himself that they would
hurt American GDP well what do you think
the impacts of GDP hurting on developing
countries is gonna be we already see the
impacts that China's when China's growth
rate slows that impacts our own stock
market so that's I'm aware of what your
Twila and I asked Lee it's your bet why
do I need to fit here my point fireside
let me finish my point my point is you
acknowledge that your transition will
harm GDP but my contention is that
that's obvious
like if so facto admitting that we would
harm international markets given how are
today okay so yeah so a social change no
matter how potentially beneficial is
automatically invalidated ethically if
it also results in a lowering of the GDP
is that seriously the argument you're
making against me right now no the
argument I'm making is that if you
acknowledge that your paradigm shift in
the economy has gonna obviously lead to
lower GDP you should be sensitive to the
impacts at the lower GDP are gonna have
on developing nations I think it's a
very fair point and you admitted that
you don't really know that my new show
there's arguments but that holds Italy
no but that's
holy and understands the impact a
socialist transition would happen that's
why that's why is you is your trip
because you don't understand it you're
not thinking about those issues I'm okay
all right okay listen talking to excuse
me isn't going to serve me here so I'm
going to talk directly to Chao no wait
you can't ever you guys have a pulpit
[ __ ] no wait no Stephen do you
completely agree that sometimes it's
important not to talk to the fascists
but to talk past the fact I don't think
yeah I agree but I don't think he's
necessarily made of fascist argument
yeah no no he's not a fascist but he'll
enable them and you know I mean Dan was
in chat saying that he would platform
Richard Spencer or for me I mean
capitals beside the fascists you know
that yeah but to be fair you can't not
expect that when you're talking about
how you would have Dan and excuse me
killed right wouldn't they
isn't this white liberal side with
fascist eventually is because you guys
threatened to kill him
no we threatened to kill him because
they saw it with fashion I don't know
this is the card of the horse I'm not
sure which one is going through first
here listen listen listen chap okay the
issue pertaining to the how world trade
would be impacted by America
transitioning to a socialist economy is
difficult and would require a tremendous
amount of study it is an unprecedented
event a nation of this size and power
transitioning however this is the series
of logical contentions ex kills me would
ask you to make he would ask you to make
that we not engage in any transition
whatsoever lest it carry the potential
harm of disrupting free trade which is
evidently an attack on the developmental
freedoms of the third world in spite of
the fact that it can be argued America
it's actually stifled the growth of the
developing world by exploiting their
lower wages and natural resources to
ensure a cheap labor for American
businesses it could be argued in fact
that if America were to withdraw from
these markets there would be an initial
shock to the global economy but being
free of external interference would
allow these countries to begin to
develop a more internally consistent
economy one which would not only allow
but require them to start affording a
more equitable wage for the workers that
currently work at those factories but
how there is there
there was there is capital and enjoy
their talking
Africa Africa meets capitalism more than
anywhere else in the world and you want
to up heave the capitalist system
worldwide that's why you you I can't I
can't I can't talk to you about this
sniping way particular aspect my
argument because the most frustrating
things are huge you're giving this huge
usual Tareq really saying anything so
you argue that we can't transition until
after the world has broken has been has
risen to a point in capitalism where
they could survive our transition but
that would never happen because the
Western world depends on the economic
exploitation of the developing world
there will never be a fully ethical
developed capitalist economy and say
India because there are lower wages are
the only reason we have an interest in
maintaining our overseas holds their
wheat that is why that's why we build
our plants there they if they develop we
lose our ability to get cheap labor that
leads to lowered costs in our country
and we have an economic crisis let me
lose access we lose access to the sheep
labor and they lose access to the jobs
so it's a lost loss both sides are worse
off they can work their jobs but you're
saying that Irish laddie that's just
empirically not true if they could just
make it then why don't they just make
wait what wait wait you're saying that
India is fundamentally incapable of
rising above like a 10 or 20 percent
unemployment rate unless Americans are
there to force them to work in factories
for 6 cents an hour you're saying that
that is the only stipulation by which
India is capable of rising to the top of
joining us at the top of the world I
don't think as a fully developing
there's anybody who knows anything who
would try to pretend that if India were
all of a sudden cut off from those
international trade and that foreign
investment oh because we're gonna stop
exploiting you so here we're not gonna
give you any more foreign investment
we're not gonna open up any more jobs I
don't think there's a soul on earth who
would think that 10 to 20 percent
unemployment would be it it would be a
lower bound actually knows what you
think we wouldn't completely know the
market we would just engage with it and
here's problem you go back you go back
and forth Irish Lonnie you you're
accusing me of saying that we can't do
any social changes unless we understand
all those impacts I'm talking on the
grounds of a paradigm shift which you
realize you're literally white man's
weight actually can I can I
and I hear I'm actually I'm curious Oh
Irish lucky you say that we would engage
in a more ethical way can you give an
example of that what do you mean by that
um yeah okay
now I admit this isn't entirely my forte
but as it stands presently by and large
the way in which we invest in developing
nations is by exploiting really [ __ ]
cheap labour and attempting to get right
to some of the natural resources yeah I
don't care what it is can you tell me
what you mean when you say engage in an
ethical way okay so hypothetically once
America transitions to a socialist means
of production all that's really changed
is who's getting the money and how it's
being distributed right we don't care
about any of this where's I can use this
now these are important foundational
points because we still have that
capital that we can invest
internationally what if there are there
are ways in which we can invest into
India comparable to the ways we've
invested in say Latin American countries
that has since developed as something
approximating a developed nation in the
same way we invested in in Eastern
Europe in in the former Warsaw Pact
nations and even in some Middle Eastern
nations we can invest internationally in
ways that aren't really [ __ ] up and
explained oh and I'm asking you what are
those ways okay I'm gonna come on a spit
ball here would it not be possible for
us to economically incentivize some
larger businesses and firms in America
to move to those countries white man's
burden what do you mean by move to those
not the [ __ ] up you just said they need
us to rush oh you don't know we wait
what do you mean by move to those
countries can you finish your point
okay sure Amazon get socialized Bezos
gets the bullet we bring an Amazon
campus over - let's say India Myanmar
whatever the [ __ ] we set up a campus
over there we invest in infrastructure
now this is something we can do as a
society because we can determine where
this money goes it doesn't have to be
for-profit we can set ourselves the [ __ ]
up here Institute local training
programs and vocational schools that are
meant to bring them India already does
pretty well the tech stuff but we can
bring them on troubles not how is it's
not white man's burden
we're gonna bring we're saying you
should go you're saying we should go to
their countries and set up education
programs so they can be on our level you
are describing like the white man's
burden to a tee you can't
can't you just why can't you just own
that and say sure [ __ ] it well that we
want to decide that we want to help
other countries we realized that we have
like a surplus of resources here whatnot
and we will go into man's burden because
white man's burden is not the same as
helping other countries but the fact
that we're helping them is that you're
essentially saying that that we have a
burden no no no no no okay I'm sorry I
need to clarify this white man's burden
is a racialized term that suggests that
it's the obligation of white men the
birds what you're suggesting right now
by the - Shh - help the lesser
minorities the people's ability the
civilized notion to help themselves
excuse me has said that without our
sweatshops they are literally incapable
of developing as a country they need
those sweatshops to rise I'm saying they
don't they can get by on their own but
we've got a lot of money in this country
might be nice to expand the net a little
bit bring some campuses over and help
them and work with them in ways that do
not force literal slave wages out of
their work I think they should be done
in other places as well I would love to
see Chris brought up I love their food
okay I would love to see them walk up to
a level that I think is appropriate for
a Western European nation
appropriate for every nation but that
doesn't mean we have to go into Greece
and start instituting sweatshop labor oh
well you know the wages [ __ ] seventeen
cents an hour too
employment right is yes is it what we
should be doing No
so I won't hear any more of that white
man's burden argument from us skills
back at may think this is absolute
ascribe you basically Steven Steven
asked you how will we replace the
current trade relationships we have and
the capital investment we have and you
respond that we go and educate them to
bring to our level by opening up like
local campuses and stuff it sounds like
an alien outreach like where aliens come
in like little lifts to uplift humanity
that's what I'm saying over there yeah
that sort of planning doesn't work what
does work is allowing people to
economically engage in mutually
beneficial transactions you can see I'm
so glad
no thank you infection and I'm gonna
tell you how much I care okay
why does Irish objectively the one that
is magically starting up and you're the
one advocating for paradigm so can you
please explain I mean how you can you
please explain to me how your argument
that Indiana needs are exploitative
labor in order to develop is the u.s. to
if the u.s. stopped trading with China
we would be [ __ ] - I'm not saying they
need us or they they need to come and
open up campus is not gonna stop
training with them socialist economies
still trade I don't know how many times
I have to keep making these points yeah
like which socialist countries right hey
wait wait which ones which ones Irish
laddie which socialist countries trade
no I'm not arguing the efficacy of
real-life historical yeah because listen
if you want to engage with the theory do
so if you want to acknowledge the
failures I think you need to quit I want
you need to quit because the empirical
evidence supports the capitalist system
far better than any socialist listen
listen you realize for one that trade
did take place among socialist nations
back in the time
the USSR they just took place amongst
socialist nations not just because they
shared common political interests but
also because their markets coincided
well but moreover than that so so for
one traitor I sure did you did no I just
I literally just said that okay so for
one the implementation of socialism in
the USSR and their [ __ ] satellite
states was not one I would condone or
support in America okay
that did engage or not traitor
nationally actually like it did it by
your own admission so you're one example
is one more than you want dino treat
your jumping the [ __ ] around you're on
[ __ ] ice skates and you don't know
how to stay straight can we focus on one
point four one and I'm just issuing
these as statements of fact the
assertion that India and needs are
sweatshops in order to develop
economically is significantly more
exploitative utilizing my assertion
which is that they can do fine on their
own but it would probably help them out
if we found ways to read deep
redistribute some wealth and some
corporate real clay can I temperate
because this is a waste time if we're
not understand each other let me temper
your statement so I don't think that X
kills me is saying that these other
countries need America obviously anybody
could survive or not know stop he's not
saying that what he's saying is that
their material conditions will be far
worse without America's involvement even
if it's exploitative in the way that you
deem it to be okay and how exactly we
also add that to the same extent are
mere you and buys are but your condition
will be worse off if we stock with China
I'm not saying like we need China and
the Chinese burden the Chinese man
burden sense I'm not saying that at all
we all need power
that's so important for development and
for alleviating poverty so long Stein
but if you agree then you are advocating
for a paradigm shift that will have
impacts on this international yes market
yourself don't you don't understand them
and you still yet you still okay listen
nobody no no this is so [ __ ]
dishonest and destiny you have to
recognize this for one nobody fully
understands the impacts that a massive
of people like fully like every my new
show I'm like understand you don't even
know the broad strokes of how like
India's gonna continue developing we
focus on the individual points that you
have skated past for one okay
let's address we can but you're not a
lot of how for ten minutes every how I
have an answer when you're not gonna
talk how is me safe it would be nice if
socialist America invested in India more
white man's birdie-bird and II then you
saying India cannot development without
our international investment as it
stands today which is large you plant
you first of all it Stephen kind of just
said when I say India needs
international markets I'm not saying
they need us in the white man we all
need we need we need trade from India as
well it'll hurt us if we stop trading
from India so it's not just a matter I
don't care about this answer thank you
second of all the reason what the reason
reason why you're the reason why your
proposal is more of a white man's burden
is because you specifically use language
like we're gonna bring them up to our
level like why it by bringing like
education camp like education campuses
and stuff that just seems so much more
like we all we have moral responsibility
to uplift them my system isn't saying no
we don't have like a moral
responsibility to uplift anybody just
let markets work yeah I'm aware of the
street don't need to tell me that my
argument isn't to oh we need to uplift
other people it's to let markets work
because Marcus empirically especially on
a global level do an excellent job at
improving the human condition overall so
I'm not advocating for actually going to
a country and bringing them to our level
as you say it I'm advocating just for
letting okay okay okay this is no this
this was a stupid and dishonest argument
you realize that in both instances we
are
about ringing trade and bring economic
investment over yo in the form of
sweatshops
and me in the form of larger businesses
campuses and educational vocational
facilities in both instances we are
advocating for bringing wealth and
attention okay over and you realize the
factory jobs we bring over there also
have vocational programs attached to
them right well they did the difference
yeah well first of all that's already
happening in our capitalism China
engages for instance in a lot of
educational programs with countries in
Africa but but regardless of that what X
kills me is saying is that the
differences that in the argument that
he's presenting there is no white man's
burden both sides are engaging in this
activity because it's mutually
beneficial countries aren't doing it
because they feel some moral obligation
to help out like a lesser country
they're doing it because it benefits
both sides
he takes issue with your side because
you're making it sound like there's a
moral obligation where the Western
country the Eurocentric country is
superior to the inferior country and
that they have a moral burden to help a
lesser country rise to the level of the
grey literally never and I provided an
example didn't say they just said it
might be nice to bring wealth over there
they need it a little bit more than we
do that's not a white man's burden II
statement for this is why I can't work
with people like excuse me because he
had knowingly dishonestly accused
it's a racist I just said you're a
century there's a big difference between
that I think you think you were great or
something
no there's penises I don't screen racism
for everything it's not watching this
whole discussion we stop no I'm not
saying you that your argument raised us
I'm saying this Eurocentric and the
reason I say that is because in your
mind we're in this like super late state
capitalism system mansburg let me finish
my talk past this my point is you can't
lie to me buddy I polish letting please
stop my point is if your egg knowledge
that you called me racist for no
resource I've ever been to more
implementation of slave shops no oh god
I almost forgot my point thank you
hold on no my point is that if you're
anywhere else in the world not in Europe
and not in the US
and you look around it doesn't feel like
late-stage capitalism it feels like
there's so much room for
industrialization
I know much already so but you think
late stage hapless but because of where
you are now your score oh you're
wriggling it's like I'm fishing and I've
got you and you were so slippery and I'm
not wearing those [ __ ] padded gloves
you can get - hold on - wait how it
sounds like he's addressing the whole
central moment of the conversation he
needs to address is that he accused me
of making a white man's burden
arkad you did you do that how is what my
argument was more white man's burden
then your argument sorry okay yeah wait
can I let me do this let me do this I do
this because Irish lady will respond to
I don't know cuz he's not gonna respond
you he'll respond to me okay Irish lady
so what he's saying is that when you
have two parties and one is literally
helping the other out of the goodness of
their heart and that's it that that type
of thing it is making it sound like one
party is the superior and the other is
the inferior there so when you say that
a Western nation has some moral
obligation to help a third world country
it sounds like you're talking about a
burden on the larger country to help the
smaller one and it only exists from
Amore's not because both sides benefit
that's what he's arguing never I never
dates true highways that we could invest
in India without engaging in
exploitation of their labor and
yeah when you went but the way that you
phrase it Irish lighted when you say we
should invest in their country you're
making it sound like a way that's only a
one-way street
we're throwing money at them to invest
in them and the Burnet is on us to do it
that's why he's saying that you're
making the way I feel a listen Stephen
laughs II don't feel that's a little bit
disingenuous to equate saying that you
want to invest in a developing nation to
you invoking a 200 year old racialized
world view as to the burden of the white
bandwidth I feel like that's an
incredible stretch well so like I mean
you can argue that what he's doing is
he's being a little bit incendiary by
saying it which I could agree with that
but I mean like I still think that's a
contention that that you would need to
address with maybe without the
incendiary language that like well hold
on let's say that we make these
socialized nations or whatever and that
people don't necessarily feel that moral
burden like how are you going to compel
somebody to help someone else some other
than literally saying well we're the
better country so we need to do it like
wait wait okay stop you're equivocating
we have more you're better you're better
no wait no no no no I fundamentally
disagree with that the circumstances by
which America is okay nevermind I don't
wanna argue this might never I know
right this is so semantics oh okay so
when I say better I mean terms like we
are better in terms of material
conditions and opportunities that we can
offer so we have to sacrifice to uplift
them that's what you're saying when you
lie every time I'm advocating for trade
that is mutually beneficial I'm not
saying that the US should make
sacrifices to uplift other countries I'm
not making that argument I'm saying the
capitalist system is great and that
allows us to both benefit without
relying I sure didn't like that which is
a crisis I never said morrel third okay
so when you and you say when you say in
an event one of these words is being put
in my mouth I was asked to provide
canikin excellent yeah the investment
was presupposed in your questions you no
no no it's you know when you wait okay
let me explain where this is coming from
the reason why he says you're making it
sound like you have to do a charity sort
of thing is because the language that
you're using when you say that we need
to invest in other countries is you make
that sound like a one side
transaction now it's the implication
you're giving whether intentional or
non-intentional
but that's what I'm that's how I'm
understanding it you're essentially
saying and because you're making
arguments that you explicitly stated
earlier of morality and not necessarily
of economics that's what it feels like
you're saying that we should take some
burden on to us in order to invest in
other countries that's what it feels
like okay okay but you do realize I
never out and about said we should or we
have too many socialists are extremely
insular and oh no no no you have to buy
no no you have to buy that because if
you don't buy that then you totally
concede the point that like maybe we'll
[ __ ] over third world countries by
moving towards the direction the Marx
wanted us do but you just don't give a
[ __ ] yeah but I don't want to because I
feel we have a moral obligation I think
we all benefit and that's what we're
discussing yes high moral obligation I
feel we all benefit from a free exchange
of wealth a trade of ideas across
personal and national quarters and no
points by Mazie argument that our
willingness or need to do so is
racialized and the invocation of the
white man's burden is nothing but a
slimy tactic unex kills me part to try
and distance my moral legitimacy of my
crowns from the argument it was
dishonest he still can't own up to it
that's why I can't talk to people like
him because he recognizes he think
because this is in his head oh [ __ ] wait
pretty much all the examples of us
investing in free trade in India involve
us using sweatshops and for the other
forms of exploitation vesting that we
could invest that we could collaborate
with India [ __ ] I better think uh uh
Eurocentric well no the problem is that
like every every topic that you're
bringing up is something that already
happens under capitalism like there are
businesses being moved to other
countries there are marketing agencies a
market product to other countries
there's education and and two-way
investment that goes on in other
countries this is all happening under
capitalism already I know and I never
said it isn't but you has to me to
provide an example of how we could
ethically invest in another country and
I gave an example
I never said anything beyond that not a
moral obligation now that this is
something that only happens under
socialism it's something that I think
would happen more under socialism I
guess it's just strange like it seems
the moral obligation when you mentioned
that we should invest in another country
but not do it in an exploitative way
essentially saying that we should do it
as an act of charity which makes it
sound like you're doing it under my
obligation no you have non exploitative
a trade or at least Lex less
exploitative a socialist America would
still be way more economically powerful
than most nations on the planet possibly
all nations on the planet excluding a
big view there would still be in some
implicit coercion in the trade deals
that we negotiate we'd still have more
bargaining power but that doesn't change
the fact that under socialism there are
means by which because we've removed
capital as an incentive for the business
owners we could invest more often more
ethically less exploitative Lee more
globally I mean I don't know say the
Michos fundamentally not true and if you
can point to if you a way to burn those
a source what is that wait what do you
mean what part of that wasn't was fun a
millionaire trail how he's just saying
we can we can invest more ethically
without capital but fundamental to to
investment I mean I guess the problem I
have is he's just saying oh no we can
just do it better without like saying
how and no okay fine but the circles
Casilla to me he are you minute earlier
he doesn't know how he's kind of just
saying wait no I never said I don't know
how I said I don't understand the my new
show global trade I apologize that's not
my forte it's not even my nutrient bar
sure they say you're saying oh we can
invest for somebody who keeps pretending
then I'm saying a socialist revolution
would cause us to no longer be able to
engage in global trade you ascribe every
conceivable okay okay wait can I can I
give can I give an example then you both
can say if you agree or disagree with it
okay because okay so let me get my
Bethell because I do believe or what no
no I mean like I don't think you can you
can tell me what I don't you would agree
disagree so like let's say that we talk
about trade with other countries so I do
fall on the side of I believe that some
of the trade that we engage with even if
it's beneficial to countries feels a
little bit scummy
right what if we established something
where it was something along the lines
of if we're going to engage in trade
with you or more specifically if we're
going to export a supply chain to your
country and your laborers are going to
work in that factory the only way we
will consider doing this under some
international agreement is if your
employees make enough money to say
afford
in food and then we would set some
baseline for that is this something so
Irish laddie is this a type of policy
that you would be okay with great stuff
okay and then X kills me is this a type
of policy that you would be okay with oh
no no go go to the end notice I'm
curious what would you say yeah well we
observe him empirically is that when we
make those sorts of arrangements hey
they're always unilaterally we always
have to make those sorts of arrangements
with a specific country when we do make
them with a country guess where the
fires go to go to the country where we
didn't make this work okay wait oh yeah
especially a big problem with like with
Asia because we've yeah these very same
agreements like Cambodia but then the
production just yeah I agree I agree I
the reason why I want to cut Assam is
coz unilaterally is boring so for
another example of this is sometimes
we've tear of certain countries for like
I know it's happened specifically with
tires and one in the past but what
happens is people just buy from a
different country right well we can do
multilateral we can do multilateral
trade agreements things like the WTO or
the TPP would allow our multilateral
especially in the Asian countries they
don't respect them so whichever country
paying people a fair wage whichever
whichever country cheats in such an
agreement is the one that gets the
benefits we see this empirically this
isn't me making this up but couldn't we
use multilateral trade organizations of
punishing sex behaviors yeah even with
me they still cheat they just haven't
been but even like this has even beyond
like the scope of what I'm arguing if
that works
it does more good than harm and like a
vine but the problem here is Irish Lions
said he advocates a paradigm shift you
can say that these things are step in
the right direction but I'm talking more
fundamentally about the idea that we're
not even close to ready or we shouldn't
even think about replacing the global
capitalist system we just force people
what do we do we're doing Irish like
such a huge charity because he's
advocating for abolishing capital and
we're talking about oh and this idea of
capital let's beat would this be an
improvement
yeah abolishing private or said
abolishing private right so you want
abolish private ownership of capital and
that's basically the same thing so the
problem I have no stops not you had this
hypothetical where it's like oh what if
like in this ideal hypothetical scenario
this could improve things would you
would you suggest that it's like well
sure but I don't want to say that I'm
finding common ground with Irish laddie
because he's still advocating for
abolishing the entire paradigm so that's
not like I don't consider that any sort
of middle ground at all I don't find any
value from that I just can't get over
the fact that you think that abolishing
capital and abolishing private ownership
of the means of production are the same
thing well you know when you abolish
private ownership capital tends to
disappear and we saw it you know it's
hey I'm naming a socialist country I'm
not a tanky I don't and in the socialist
experiments that have taken place in the
past I think they were actually polish
you don't live in them because they
objectively
resulted in horrible outcomes that's why
you got it that's yes yeah of course you
did it you found out why I don't defend
them I know I know why interplays them
I don't just mindlessly stick I do Irish
ladies you're just saying oh no ok so
here I'll point to an example so off
link to an example Irish ludie or I'm
sorry accessing so what about on in
Venezuela before they went hardcore or
[ __ ] price controls and [ __ ] it seems
like they nationalized their oil
industry or for the most part for for a
few decades I believe that ran pretty
successfully No
I mean I think they were definitely
benefited from the oil prices mm-hmm
know what Reina successfully I mean I
think the fact that the economy wasn't
robust it's sort of down to him they had
means that kind of success relative
maybe it seems successful the time but
in the grand scheme of things it was a
house of cards right I think you would
agree with that well I mean like I don't
know if that's necessarily fair because
couldn't you couldn't you criticize a
lot of old PEC related countries for
having their industries heavily
dominated by like single resources or
whatever which ones are look like
Venezuela now because of foreign oil
price well but I don't think that
Venezuela's current problem is because
of like current oil prices I think it's
because the government yeah the
government went hardcore overboard on
price controls and basically kicked
every [ __ ] company out of their
country as a result of that but before
that happened it seemed like I want to
say was 79 it might've been earlier than
that it seemed like they had largely
nationalized the oil industry that
seemed to work pretty well
like the country was pretty successful
in terms of economics and whatnot yeah
and I this is like kind of one also
broader point is that part of reason why
capitalism is such a great system is
because it's like so robust to these
sorts of interferences yeah you can have
like a huge degree of non capitalists
aspects within a capitalist system and
not everything's gonna go to [ __ ] and so
you compare this like the socialist
society it's where with every socialist
aside its failed some socialists will
have an excuse for why I did and how oh
that wasn't really socially but the
capitalism play yeah I recognize that
you can nationalize you can national
industry in a cap this tiny is not going
to totally collapse I recognize how wait
wait how many times hey check let's
let's do [ __ ] Simon Says Simon Says
raise your hand if you've heard a
capitalist say hey that was corporatism
everyone [ __ ] defends the failures on
their side quit being so goddamn well
but I think what I think what exhales in
response to that is that even though
there can be capital failures or it
could be failures in society related to
capitalism when they happen in a
socialist society they tend to be fully
destructive they they don't have the
same robust to survive there are reasons
why socialist societies have failed in
the past and I can list quite a few of
them I'm not a big fan of most of them
there have been some positive aspects of
socialist society an active industry in
the past but I don't want to argue them
the framelit over here because he'll
just say oh well last time I checked
American GDP you still not understand my
broader point it wasn't I wasn't the
[ __ ] done your honors mine we're aplenty
my broader point socialist societies
have failed in the past they have been
poorly time they have been led by
populist
and estimates they fail to collaborate
well with their neighbors in regards to
trade and like military endeavors but a
big one and I'm not saying this is all
that but it's definitely a big part is
that America undermines foreign
socialist governments at every available
opportunity because America recognizes
without you well no no no no what am I
saying I don't care if you don't like it
I'm sorry if it makes you unhappy na
shion's and part of the explanation is
because America interferes in the
development of socialization here's my
point here's my point is that for every
socialist country that fails you have an
excuse for saying that but capitalism is
a box that we can have we can have large
degrees of socials and we can we can
nationalize an industry or two and
capitalism still gonna be okay another
probably good example of this is like
Scandinavia there are bloody Walker
let me finish my point is that you have
a country like Scandinavia also which
has like a very well robust welfare
system so you could say well oh well
look that's not very capitalist but it
seems to be well part of the reason why
I advocate for capitalism is because it
said like a very flexible framework and
that you could have different aspects of
different systems and not everything's a
go to [ __ ] rush with socialism yeah
everything with socialism everything
invariably does go to [ __ ] [ __ ] and then
they'll just blame one special thing in
a case Irish light is blaming the u.s.
but like surviving to me that you're
literally incapable of making a
statement without invoking dishonesty
because I never said as an excuse I said
it as an explanation ation right yeah
country's yeah because there's my theory
I don't defend these countries that
makes my explanations as to why they
failed
just that explanations are not trying to
invoke them as positive examples but you
have to paint it that way because you
can't stop lying you can't stop being
dishonest you can't piss sorry said
ki-moon saying a most robust
what name am i I never said you said
that name one thing I'm lying about the
unfair equivocation of an excuse and a
explanation acting as though my interest
and the socialist revolution was in some
way motivated by Eurocentrism arguing
that I was invoking a white man's burden
argument suggesting that there is no
difference between
abolition of capital and the abolition
of private ownership of capital I mean
do you want me to go on
I have mishandled every thought none of
those those are just arguments and
rebuttals that's not a lie they're not
rebuttals again there's straw men which
is affirming I I'm sorry my my dude my
friend arre no I cannot argue with a
person who dries to my face and pretends
he has not done so this is why I can't
you're not this is it's really
frustrating for me and I'm span I'm
speaking to chat here not not to you I
know you don't sympathize with my
frustrations but hey chat I recognize I
acknowledge that there are problems with
socialism with its implementation with
its with its practitioners with the
nations who have attempted it in the
past I think that there are good reasons
why they failed I think in many cases
their failure was justified I went to
learn from those failures I want to find
ways to implement those systems those
systems that seem so ethical in theory
in a more pragmatic sense I want to
build the world up I don't want to look
at the world as it is and excuse its
worst aspects yeah you wanna you wanna
be a central planner and you want a bill
from the world central ownership not
something I know I said I said central I
said central planning and that's all you
don't agree with that I don't you don't
finding well if there's power wait do I
not at all he's like a plan like before
I go outside how are we gonna work oh
but no I don't agree with central
planning so you don't agree with central
planning you don't agree with no you
don't agree with or you know organized
labor and productivity without planning
without markets well there are markets
I'm a market socialist I'm an
anarcho-syndicalist I believe in markets
so you don't believe in private
it's such a meme and just chat to be
fair zero zero economists our market
socialist it's not even I have a degree
in economics it's not even brought up
because it's a meme it's a joke you know
marketing but you invoke the word of
market and how you describe your
ideology is especially rich because you
know nothing about markets so calling
yourself to market socialist
I do ever I don't know much about arias
hilarious hilarious that you use the
word market to describe your ideology
when you don't know the first thing
about markets that's all I have
well now do you want to talk about
markets I'd be more than happy to talk
about ways to prep oh okay I thought I
mean it sounds to me like you're kind of
scared to discuss this mark but the only
advantage you have is that market
socialism wasn't in my curriculum but
that's one because of how big of a joke
is you're you're like the worst middle
ground to because at least other
socialists have the honesty to admit
that like okay I hate markets but as you
like but you wait wait no I need you I
know that answer this I need this is
very important to me okay this is
existentially important to me you
realize that a major part of leftist
economic philosophy involves the
inclusion of markets right the inclusion
of the inclusion of markets as they do
the same to the same extent that we
enjoy today no absolutely no markets
Marcus necessarily entail private
ownership and you can't have a mark no
they don't wait a second wait a second
can I budge in here since you guys are
incapable Tony one over there why is it
that I couldn't I couldn't have like a
collection of firms that are all owned
by the workers that still engage in
markets the same way the firm's owned by
capitalists would so mark markets are
fundamentally driven by the laws of
supply and demand
okay so fundamental to the actual
functioning of a market is the price
signal okay that's why we say it's the
market price
sure so when you have a market price you
have a supply and you have you have
suppliers that are responding they have
ownership of the capital and they're
responding to the movement
in the price in order for supply demand
to what we say clear which means that
there are no surpluses or shortages yeah
what ends up happening invariably in a
socialist country which is what you have
in Venezuela which also was that sort of
like market settle ISM flavor was that
what ends up happening is you have a
socialist plan that fixes prices which
it has to do in order to achieve goals I
understand that but let's say let's say
we do the market socialism and we get
away from a planned economy okay so
let's say that you have like a demand we
start to see that there's a demand for
more cellphones or something in society
why couldn't a collection of laborers
get together open a plant and respond to
that demand in the same way that a
capitalist would owning or opening and
they can't under a capitalist system as
well the problem is who's gonna who's
gonna invest in that factory well that
all the labor is what I guess right
would be that yeah but you know as well
as I do that even a substantial
collection of laborers can't invest in a
factory yeah that's wait wait wait wait
sorry sorry wait I'm gonna answer
well okay actually I'm actually curious
okay Irish laddie so let's say 50 people
decided that they wanted to open a
cellphone plan or whatever but that is
true the average like cell phone plant
worker isn't going to have them the
capital to invest on us to do it
how would they do that how would they
respond
okay so I admit the boss nothing
philosophy sorry the theory on this is
pretty expensive and I don't know all of
it but as I understand it the way you
would address this problem would be that
a large amount of social capital would
be diverted to what are essentially
public leadership investment works
democratically central building dude you
just told okay all right is central
planning do I do
okay it's no more central planning than
investments firms yes it is okay wait
wait Kenneth can I just real quick so
the reason why excuse me saying this is
central planning is because in a
capitalist system these firms would open
and close based on market demand that's
what makes it market oriented or
capitalist or anything but you're making
it sound like you would basically have
social planners which would make it a
plan mark at a plant economy now the
difference no the difference as I
understand it would be essentially these
publicly run investment firms they would
be communes of democratically elected
representatives who would do their best
to represent the artistic and economic
needs of the people would have cases
brought to them say I have a phenomenal
idea for breakfast cereal here is a test
product that I have produced using funds
that I got from a lessor grant do you
like this test cereal I would like to
see it being produced they sound like a
plan you told me you don't believe in
central planning will you describe me
central yeah that sounds exactly like
central planning like I'm sorry okay
this could be a confusion of terms maybe
we think of different things about what
central planning it well but like
seriously I don't know what you would
think central planning is because it
sounds like central planning Giglio
inform deciding which products make it
to market or not this sounds like a
plant economy let's let's clarify what
we think of by central academy planning
in central economy because when i think
of it i think of a USSR style a set of
unelected of party representatives where
with the needs of the people whether
it's elected or not doesn't make it
planned or unplanned right it's whether
or not market forces are dictating
something or some central body is
dictating something no well they would
because ideally when these products hit
the markets the funding that they
receive to continue production would be
modified but what is viewed to be public
demand in that way
the market forces would still determine
which products are being made but rather
than profit being the direct incentive a
direct incentive rather it would be the
interest that would fuel the profit in a
capitalist system essentially the same
system is being reproduced with the
exception that it is a more
democratically responsible and B it does
not entail exploitation of the worker I
think this is a fairly clean solution
it's now admittedly mostly theoretical
it hasn't been implemented to the degree
that I would like to see it implemented
but I think that Theory wise artistic
markets fundamentally work different
than that so don't tell me that own
market socialist I don't support social
I don't support central planning when
obviously you don't support markets
we're describing art markets well and
actually let me let me actually ask a
specific example to that Irish lady so
Henry Ford I think I don't know if it's
a real quarter now but it's famously
quoted as saying if I would have given
people what they wanted I would have
given them a faster course right let's
say you have like a truly innovative
product it seems like some of us would
never necessarily make it past any type
of planning committee or whatever
because maybe they wouldn't see the need
for it or even something like eat what
Elon Musk does are arguably as much as a
[ __ ] hand but likey electronic cars
and whatnot like it's electric cars like
maybe these would make us respect ice
probably disagree with that assertion
there have been massive leaps forward in
technologies that would later become
integrated into public goods fueled
almost entirely by public research by
military research what happens most of
the time as I understand it is that the
technology the real ground work the
innovation is laid forward often by the
government and then corporations run in
to make it smooth a stetic slap a shiny
sticker on it and sell it at the price
that they sure take take one step back
here my tying everything together you
say you support market socialism I'm
saying that's not Marcus because
fundamentally markets are an act of
distributing capital and distributing
labor to determine the optimal
production of goods and the fundamental
thing is that markets do that whereas
you
advocating that that be done by like a
vote of some governing body which
technically is in a government you said
it's non-governmental we're not an
elected body so my problem with you
calling yourself America socialism is
that you don't support using markets to
determine the distribution or the
allocation of goods and services or the
popularity of those Goods aka the demand
would be the critical factor in
determining B prolong right yes right
I'm sorry if you don't like it it is a
market it's a different kind of market
but it is a market it is the market that
would exist under markets it's a market
where more the market forces don't
actually dictate okay well we've got
demand a factor a factor being taken
into account when you determine where
and how much and for how long these
goods are being produced and you have
supply that we're just coming out of the
fact I don't know it sounds pretty
mental problem with it though is like
the exact sort of like weird shortages
and surpluses that we saw in the Soviet
Union where you would have like you
would have like violence poor is up the
wazoo but you wouldn't have toilet paper
the problem is you have no way of
comparing across different weights to
pointers wait wait how exactly can you
explain to me how that's just a guess
because comes comparing the popularity
of a roll of toilet paper to a violin is
impossible
there are fundamentally different things
yeah which is why which is why different
workers communes would handle those
requests but obviously faced a great
sensation across comparison how much how
do you decide what labor to allocate the
each in a vote you can't do that what's
elegant about the market is that it's
merely market forces that in Christ
signaling that determines where the
allocation should be don't pretend that
we don't experience frequent market
shortages and poor areas that they look
at the resources we need that's like
food deserts of matches massive
sociological problems when the free
market is not prepared to fix as of this
moment and for two we wouldn't see
students we would not see shortages in
that regard because things pertaining to
basic needs will be allocated on an
extremely let's say generous basis I
think that's the reason why socialism
can work now the way it couldn't work a
century ago we live in an era of surplus
there is enough wealth and labor power
in this country to ensure the needs of
every American
probably everyone
earth can be met we just need to
reallocate the resources as they exist
we're not running we're not it's not as
though a socialist society we've run
into a gridlock a telecom a star and
when you're trying to skip this topic
but the issue I have is you're trying to
claim that your theoretical system is
responsive to demand
I'm telling you that like aging the
popularity with some polling and taking
some vote is not responsive to demand is
what goes and it's determining the
optimum level of production is not
simply demand demand is only one side of
the equation the supply side is
extremely important and a committee of
people it's deciding what's most popular
is completely divorced from actually
being sensitive to changes in supply and
demand and that's why it so what about a
specific no no so it has been tried and
failed already no no okay for the 13th
time I do not defend the invocation of
social they try no reason other than
because we're too stupid to understand
the nuances involved all right in this
example why don't you explain to me
let's let's talk about a specific okay
let's uh you you want to talk about a
market failure that might happen there
socialism or I'm sorry a quote-unquote
market failure dude let's let's talk
about a specific market failure and then
just not having Marcus not having oh I
have a single market failure go for it
let's hear it can you provide for me
provide for me an example of the system
I've proposed failing to meet the needs
of a consumer pop and I'll do my best to
respond I could have no answer this is
this is theoretical for him but what
you're describing so basically there's a
committee that determines how much to
produce of some good or service there is
a committee that is responsible for the
allocation of capital to people
interested in building up their their
product their product or their service
way so I'm confused how do they even
decide though well ideally the cases
would be brought before them and these
by the way this is not like one Nash
No counsel this is very much a straight
and bureaucratic initiative but the
let's like like I said if you have a
breakfast cereal want to propose you you
come up with a product you get yourself
a fancy name and you test marketed which
is how basically at Shark Tank like
offer all sorts of ya know essentially
yes it is
and I mean at that is kind of a little
bit clunky but the system as it exists
now which is you better have some
starting capital you better be willing
to put yourself deep in debt and if your
idea doesn't work that you are [ __ ] to
be fair what happens if your idea
doesn't work on to your system you don't
nobody loses any money right everybody
is just as well-off nobody nobody
suffers from a bad investment under your
paradigm well there's the opportunity
cost with it with them investing in like
a shitty growth question if there is to
actually be optimal if you don't get any
profit from making the best ok this
might be this might be the fundamental
difference between you and I but I
believe society can function without
people being led around by the nose the
promise of the second car in there just
before we clear to everybody cuz you're
beating around the bush you think
society could function without profit
motive yeah unquestionably there seems
to be based on what I've seen just there
seems to be some like very unintuitive
data that supports this idea that people
once their basic financial meats are men
aren't necessarily like highly
incentivized by that's not unintuitive
that's totally intuitive see them it's
unintuitive to me well because it kinda
makes it sound like you're saying that
well without a big profit motive people
never start businesses on you're doing
it it's diminishing marginal utility to
consumption shares
well so so then what Irish lady sings at
an economy where everybody's basically
it's a pretty much met we would still
have people innovating and starting
businesses because these are things that
they would enjoy doing on their own
merits not necessarily for profit people
still kill about the care about art
people still Carl orange and of ice
people aren't incentivized to make
optimal choices you have to understand
that right
so when you're talking about outcomes
like how much we're producing yeah wait
wait wait I understand this full
argument started with you saying people
are incentivized to make optimal choices
for their personal well-being so that is
a pretty big [ __ ] jump from you buddy
but for two yeah nobody under any
circumstance is lying
this conversation began with you arguing
that
people are optimized to make the best
possible personal choices for themselves
and that's why capitalism is good
because it gives back their interests
right capitalism works best with that
but no you just say people don't aren't
optimized to act in their own personal
interest no what do you really think me
explaining diminishing marginal utility
is actually making the argument you just
said you just said verbatim people
aren't optimized to make well no I
didn't I didn't do you under your system
what incentive is there for suppliers to
make optimum or for investors that
matter to make optimal decisions
there is no you admit there is no
incentive for them to make an optimum
weight yeah no there are absolutely yeah
there absolutely is when did I admit
that
before I answer before I answer I need
you to tell me when I admitted that okay
well I you a timestamp perhaps or will X
skills make it a thrill oh that's good
to be clear you clear you acknowledge to
be clear you acknowledge that there's no
profit motive in making optimal
investment decisions you either say
because there is a social benefit which
exists outside the profit motive okay so
there's no profit motive so you expect
investors and people to vote to make
optimal decisions with no profit motive
and there I think you just you with that
I think that was an irresponsible
statement destiny there is zero evidence
to support that if you remove profit
motive investors and suppliers when they
optimal production so not investing
suppliers by the the study that I'm
familiar with it's oft-quoted is the one
where if you give employees complex
tasks providing them greater financial
incentives doesn't seem to incentivize
them to make better decisions or to
solve these tasks and better ways it
seems like they're because of the
diminishing marginal utility that you
spoke of this doesn't incentivize people
in the way that we might expect that it
would to make better issue about
diminishing marginal utility sure
exactly making making like formal invest
so what so what you're saying is that
like in in a market that two competing
firms the more efficient firm will
survive because that's how markets work
they'll be able to save money charge
less to their customers or pay more to
employees etc because I'm more efficient
what Irish ladies saying is that this
same burden of economic cost would be
accounted for in some sort of public
deliberation where some company would
not some company with some elected body
of workers would make a decision between
two competing firms and then shut down
the least efficient one that's what I
think he's saying I don't know if you
say so when you say that is so they're
not they're not motivated by profit to
make optimal production decisions so
when they're wrong what you saying do
they have not to make that well the
incentive would be you'd be held
accountable via voting like people would
vote you as I mean you'll be voted out
wait there were multiple incentives for
one and I know that capitalists have a
hard time understanding this I think
people generally like doing good to
their community and to their fellow you
know man their comrades so for one there
is the inclination towards doing good to
society for two there is the benefit of
social accolades that would come with
making good decisions if there is a
production board that is constantly
cranking out such as phenomenal impacts
dude social accolades and Replace of
price incentives and price buddy-buddy
because your reasons Cuddy the only
reason price incentive works on an
individual level is because money makes
people able to be more free and buy cool
thing okay which is good because it
allegedly makes them happier there are
other ways to make people happy
outside of money social accolades make
people happy doing good unto your
community makes
excuse for why but it didn't work didn't
hasn't worked anywhere it's been trying
to be okay no wait you want for one the
fact the idea that the idea that has
cube oh one the idea that didn't work in
Chile it hasn't worked for one anywhere
anywhere is flatly wrong 20 times what
how the [ __ ] did this guy not die I
shall like seven times
instead do you really want to get him to
say for example you to be' and how well
they've done with healthcare literary
education for absolutely nerd army is
stuck in the 1950s oh but I'm not
talking ya know their economy has a big
old problem but there are instances in
their economies success without stripes
around what I never sit buddy my dude
can you please go a few minutes without
being dishonest with me
are there huge amount of economic
success sir there's not every economy in
this tried it that your whole social
accolades will be enough to incentivize
optimal decision making okay no argue
that can we argue this theory my dude
you can say you can say will worse I'll
say it doesn't work and I have more
evidence for why it doesn't work then
you have evidence where it does work so
I don't understand is the society has
been here human society has been
functioning for a long time longer than
profit has existed as an incentive there
are plenty of examples in the past of
people trying to do good unto their
community motivated by nothing more than
that which we all should be world
economy with stagnant growth is a
capitalist phenomenon economic economic
growth is a capitalist so economies have
never promoted a three and no right no
yeah let me show you you know look at
you're gonna look at world GDP over time
yeah GDP is a capitalist metric for
determining the production and welfare
is what does GP measure the total value
of all goods and services within a pecan
yeah produced in a country in a given
yeah yeah and what what salutatorians
very what's better way of measuring
economic growth than the amount of goods
and services produced by akash tyrosine
I mean there's the there's the the
present air you don't want to use that
argument on do it yeah no no no no it
has wait I never I never deny the
capitalist is great for growing the
economy the assertion that capitalism is
the only economic system that can lead
to economic growth is one that has so
far
wait what brought us from
hunter-gatherers to like the height of
the Holy Roman Empire farming okay I
think was a little bit more than farming
but even if it was just farming you
realize that believe because the Roman
Empire you realized that the Byzantine
Empire you realize that the feudal
Chinese Empire fuel demand you realize
these worth non capitalist countries
that rose to ascension because they grew
weak anomic leaf right you realize the
GDP is a metric that functions well for
determining the both the nation
but outside that system if everybody's
useless and contextual as GDP per capita
would be puts Byzantine such an empty
and and and fallacious way of arguing
against the potential for you're
proposing all these like really lofty
ideas oh hey we're gonna have like a
we're gonna have a system of central
planning where people of people are
voted in and they determine there's no
profit motive involved if you wanna
bring a product to market now you need
to get investment you'll be in debt if
your thing doesn't succeed you're gonna
be in debt for the rest of your life
and well firstly that's not how
investment works careful okay there are
plenty of small businesses that have
been floated either on the spare change
in the back pockets of those owners or
by putting yourself into pretty big debt
with the promoting like well yeah I'm
just saying that if you procure
investment from other people that
generally means you're personally not
going to be massively at that hopefully
right because you're getting invested
from other people I see if I can open
the Google link to show economic growth
because I think people also have this
misconception I think I've forgiven
economic growth isn't like an inevitable
thing people say oh yeah we have great
centers of living now but we would have
had this today I don't I don't agree
with that Scott real quickly let me so
what Irish ludie is trying to say I hope
I think is um the problem with using if
we're talking about capitalism versus
any other type of system we'll say
socialism or communism even
using a term like GDP or GDP per capita
is always going to favor capitalism
because that metric is inherent to
capitalism so for example let's say we
could create a society of Buddhist monks
who are all eternally happy and have are
all self actualized and go out to the
fields every day and meditate the GDP
per capita of this society might be
really really low but in other metrics
we could argue that the overall
happiness of the society is much greater
so I think that's Irish Leddy's
contention with saying that GDP is the
best way to measure the success of an
economy or the success of a country when
capitalism also has other baked in flaws
like massive consumer
that's totally valid that's totally
valid I'm just asking for a better
metric I'm asking for a better metric or
well wait you realize that the concept
of GDP didn't emerge until well after
capitalism had begun to cease well okay
wait so what what would have better so
knowing this well it'd be a better
metric then a better well in a market
socialist economy GDP Wow okay but what
X girls me is saying is that GDP is well
are what I imagine exercise is that GDP
is always going to optimally grow when
you're responding to market incentives
that's like a really basic yes
absolutely
but we are not listen this is what Marx
wrote about we are not slaves to capital
we should not force ourselves into into
into life Haley hold on you're saying
we're not slaves to capital but you just
told me that the best way to grow an
economy or to measure growth is with GDP
which would argue that should actual a
to grow an economy is to be capitalist
and to do everything in your power
whether it be ethical or not to raise
them [ __ ] numbers I don't think
that's the best way to run a society I
think that's capital should serve us not
the other way around if the economy is
growing but there are homeless in the
street if there are [ __ ] single
mothers out there that can't afford to
pay for they're like okay we know we
know your spiel we know your stump
speech yeah it's not a stump speech
it's the problems with your system well
we'll wait so I have to Harrison Toa
which which not which non capitalist
society doesn't suffer from homelessness
why do you keep I wish wait wait wait
wait why do you keep because you're
you're truly this exaggerated no I
having these problems of alleviating
these issues and any other system so if
you're you can treat homelessness to
capitalism that I'm asking you where in
the world do we not have those problems
without capitalism that's it I don't I
don't know why you keep pretending that
I am defending any other existing
socialist system I don't know why oh my
god cuz you guys are talking as each
other again so iris lady educate destiny
destiny please please I just need to say
one thing I am NOT talking past him I
address his points directly
well we met you're not the point that
the weight addresses point directly no
no the way you're the way you just
wanted your would you're giving us a
list of things that you value but
actually let me saying he values them
too he just was like your systems and
addresses
better than his does so Francis you're
saying things like I want to do things
that are inherent to capitalism like
single mothers or people that are
homeless etc cetera and excuse me okay
well I'm sorry but more or less it's yes
you would say that to also you would say
that things like God's sake homelessness
someone yeah but regardless regardless
of the specific the specificity he's
saying that he values the same values
but that your framework doesn't deliver
you a better solution that comports to
those values Thanks right and that is
why I talked about at your behest
destiny the implementation of how we
might partner up in trade in India and a
socialist right okay how we how we how
we might invest in burgeoning industries
and socialism but what am I supposed to
say I'd be like hey here are some
problems with socialism we've got
homelessness wealth inequality we've got
[ __ ] medical bills and [ __ ] and then
he's like okay why don't you say how
they'd work in a socialist society and I
could but how many hours of I meant to
dedicate to a counterexample for every
flaw he has to cover up in order first
argument to make sense it's not a fluff
Liars idea what I'm saying is that what
you claim to care about empirically
capitalism is better at alleviating the
issues that you're identifying more than
any other system we know of so if you're
advocating for a system that introduces
a paradigm shift away from what is
working really well now then you should
have some broad stroke understanding of
how we're gonna sustain things like the
current the current arrangement of
international trade I'm not interesting
you admittedly dating its current
arrangement I know but that's you know
you know who's gonna be hurt by that
that people are gonna be hurt by that or
the less developed countries the people
you claim to go we've already note we've
already been over this this is alright
we have it but you keep you keep
introducing the same problem with your
argument
is that what you claim to care about
this arguably you couldn't care about is
best under capitalism with issues you
claim to care about empirically the best
outcomes happen under capitalism and you
keep coming up with these piles guys
yeah so let me clarify this listen
listen wait wait we can we can settle
this right now actually because III
think we're both you know tiring of this
somewhat I certainly am can I make any
arguments for socialism to you without
their having already been a super
successful socialist country that's
better in America in every conceivable
way of course I think the way it kind of
like what deci was getting in
or market failures in capitalism I'm not
an anarcho-capitalist I do think there
is role for government to act as an
umpire there are aspects that you could
consider so socialism so for example no
no no no no you're talking you're
talking that's the point you're aren't
you're answering something nobody asked
me dude
I'm not asking on ways the government
can step in to make cars let me finish
answered your question I'm not answering
my question my answer to you is if
you're able to explain with an economic
paradigm how some solution you have
works then I'll be open to it but
nothing you nothing you are proposing is
at all derives it's totally divorced
from economic theory in all ways there
is no relation of its economic theory so
if I want to convince me of any facet of
socialism being applicable there needs
to be grounded economic arguments to get
back to Destiny's example or we were
talking earlier about like minimum wage
if you can show me that there is
monopsony in the market and that there's
market failure because because laborers
are underpaid then I would be open to
socialist ask price controls and how
exactly could I suggest you a better way
of addressing some of the problems in
capitalism without you then saying haha
but it's never happened in real life
got the lib [ __ ] again again an example
of this is you can still explain with in
I'll give you an example is that we've
never had like a global free trade like
agreement before but I can justify that
stance but within economic grounds I can
explain to you how like some sort of
global free trade agreement will be
maths massively beneficial and you could
say that like oh we've never done this
before how would you know it works and I
could say we'll look at the economics
like an economic support the idea the
issue we have is that your ideas are
again divorce from economics so it's
hard for you to convince me of your
ideas because they're not before some
economics we can I bridge no can i
braces can i bridge you to cuz this is
what i would like to see if somebody
that is probably is easily more
left-leaning than x kills me and easily
more right-leaning than an irish lotty
something that i would very much enjoy
is seeing socialist experiments done
under a capitalist paradigm so if people
want to start like like workers co-ops
or whatever if those types of businesses
would have started in the united states
and they became like ubiquitous if like
every single successful business was
like a worker co-op
that would be something that would cause
me to stay back like okay Wow hold on
like this is actually like a Mensa okay
can i address that the problem is for
one there have been successful co-ops in
this country many basically one but shut
up I have nothing against them but with
that said there was no way for a co-op
to succeed economically in a way that
would put an at par with with with other
economists right because socialism
market socialism is aiming to be ethical
over profit how would you how would you
deal then with on the on the global
stage
and maybe this is unfair maybe you would
just hand away this and say were the
world government or something what would
you do then if you as a country had to
compete against another company a
country that was capitalist then the
constant out that's an excellent
question
I'm so glad that I'm being posited
actual questions instead of [ __ ]
capitalist [ __ ] a wanker okay just
answer the question that okay well it's
a really tough one the problem is
capitalist nations historically have
used their superior economic leverage to
muscle in on neighboring socialist
nations I mean America is like the
number one like socialist offer yeah so
how do we not let that happen
raining well I would like to think that
America has enough of a standing economy
and enough of a standing military to
ensure a safe transition to a point
where we would be sustainable
economically we still have enough not
only labor power but enough wealth
within our nations to ideally to argue
for favorable trade deals with our
current trade partners India China
European Union South America and what
have you and hopefully that goodwill
along with a pre-existing civil society
in this country which is heavily but
like like a huge part of global culture
like America is one of the the
foundational aspects of global culture
so I think all of these factors mix
together make us Americans in a
relatively safe position to transition
to socialism free from from external
harassment now that that applies only to
us but he's not just talking about
harassment that's what you fundamentally
don't understand he's to understand
whatever you're about to say what what
what you conflate Irish latias versity
think that was a decent my god can you
eat him destiny like what you're
conflating Irish laddie is you're
conflating harass
and competition we're not just talking
about harassment but if the u.s.
transitioned to a socialist economy and
China didn't and by your own admission
there all these inefficiencies within
the socialist paradigm how was the u.s.
gonna compete with China it's not a
matter of trying to harassing us it's
just a matter of them being more
productive because I have a capitalist
system yeah they could be more
productive they have like what 1.7 okay
and then what you talk about is an issue
then yeah it's not harassment what will
still be out competed by China and yeah
we're we're going to be out competed by
trying to no matter what they know
that's an out room no no come on destiny
you know that all right so he would say
that's not necessarily true because even
though China might have a much larger
economy America has its strengths that
China can't necessarily I'm sorry are we
were we not talking about the size of
the economy because America will still
have its strengths under a socialist
economy obviously how would the function
of population so obviously probably a
more hey that sorry iris understood we
would still have our strengths in a
socialist economy you realize we would
still control the majority of the
world's most globally recognizable
corporations we would still have
enormous access to both an unparalleled
amount of intellectual and labor capital
there are huge assets that America can
take advantage of whether or not with a
bucket list it will not when all of that
is under the ownership of elected laymen
who are ever whoa whoa whoa never said
they are under whoa whoa whoa whoa
for social or social praising a system
you just hit me with right there who the
[ __ ] said layman you said democratically
elected I mean yes yeah that for these
simple workers beer to me you're
characterizing if you Karen if you
prepared about making your point
you wouldn't argue against a straw man
you would make sure you understand what
I believe and you would argue against
that I never said that everything would
be run by elected representatives in the
society who decide the investments right
like they would as I was making
investments so you talk about these
things there are all of these things
that America has that are the result of
our capitalist system and you're just
saying it for granted that they're gonna
exist in the same state when we abolish
private ownership of capital we said
they would exist in the same state okay
you're still depending on them to be
competitive with China yes and that's
why we would
we verified that there's no you're still
depending on something that's fantasy
the idea that we're gonna have all these
advantages when we transition to
socialism or wait we'll wait wait wait
wait my dude
my good buddy my friend my comrade okay
how is it a fantasy that if in a
capitalist society we have labor power
and certain markets open to us that in a
socialist society we wouldn't still have
like wait let's just say let's just take
like a quick example google google has
[ __ ] in American campuses right here
in our home soil I don't [ __ ] care
about corporations Google we nationalize
Google Google still exists still has
them smart brainy boys with those big
round heads that are operating all of
its intellectual and technological
functions the only difference a big
difference here is that the absolute
metric [ __ ] horse ton of money that
Google makes is not being funneled into
a very very very small number of hands
but in production production the
technology it's all still there hate to
break it to you I'm a programmer
programmers care [ __ ] on about like
status and income if you live in yours
ok so what this is such a vacuous this
is such a vacuous argument is a vacuous
argument [ __ ] you said you said that
when we nationalize Google they're still
gonna have all of their brainy people
again you're taking that for granted
if you remove the profit motive for them
to work in that environment then you
can't guarantee that those people are
gonna stay there some will maybe because
some that's their social calling or
whatever but you're just taking it for
granted while we're moving the profit
motor for them to actually be there it's
just a service it's a ridiculous
assumption I have a I'm talking about
hypothetically I don't want that Italy
that's the lowest economic up here my
bush I am talking about hypothetically
the largest economic upheaval in human
history yeah I am making some
stipulations but I can defend those
stipulations with example arguments it's
not defensible that if you just so it's
in so instead it's so it's in
considerable it's on it's unimaginable
to you that if we nationalized an
industry and the people in that industry
were previously used to enjoying like a
pretty high wage it's incomprehensible
to you that we might find other ways to
incentivize their participation in that
industry
you can't fathom it you're [ __ ] your
[ __ ] pea-sized neural cortex
can't process that neuro that's firing
from my mouth to your ear to your brain
okay wait why can't so why can't these
experiments just take place under so
under a counter paradigm first coder
would happen under capitalist system if
it could would be happening right now
ours wait wait wait well okay wait boat
wait both of you just said something
with all due respects even kind of
stupid for one Steven corporations are
economically incentivized to motive to
organize themselves in a capitalist
system like as in a capitalist manner in
a capitalist system like like we can't
there can be socialist experiments under
capitalism but inevitably they will
always get muscled out by competitors
that are willing to behave more
unethically and pull wealth in the hands
of newer to invest in greater dividends
down the line that's a fact wait and
wait I'm sorry I may be I totally misses
so what was your argument of other
countries where became capitalists and
then bullied us out because of our
inability to compete on the world stage
how do we deal with that I think we have
enough social cultural economic and
military capital along with enough
positive trade deals that exist
currently for us to secure a transition
to a socialist economy when you say this
wait said you envision the United States
becoming then like fully self-sufficient
like we don't need to trade with other
countries oh no no no no of course we'd
still trade but there there would
obviously be a period of upheaval during
which we would be vulnerable to foreign
influence that's how it's worked in the
past for socialist revolutions I think
we have the capital in this country
sufficient to insulate ourselves against
the worst of that okay so wait wait okay
without getting into the massive drive
so I'm just trying to figure like
exactly how this would work I'm trying
to get you too much into the minutia but
like we would begin to lose its it's a
quote trump like pretty massively like
our deficit would grow phenomenally all
of that foreign capital how does it come
back to the United States our foreign
people gonna start buying up businesses
here like how does that how does that
money come back to us well this this is
the tough part this is the part I can't
talk with ex kills me because this is
where the guns come out you know wait so
we would have to go to war to enforce
our system on other people and we would
not have to go to war with others we
would have to to say it better
completely incentivize corporations
currently stationed in the United States
to keep them from fleeing
hold on wait I just wanted nail this
point down okay because this is an
actual conversation without you guys
talking about it okay so if we were to
begin if we were to bring all of our
supply chains back to the United States
stop engaging in foreign trade in the
current ways that we do our products we
would we wouldn't have to stop that
we're talking about becoming a fully
self-sufficient country so you're no no
I didn't I'm very sorry but what I mean
to say is during the transition to
socialism there will be a period of
economic upheaval that will disrupt our
trade relations okay okay so let's let's
let's ignore what I just said then if we
were to focus on on ethics over over
profit or over our economic well-being
eventually other countries who become
much more competitive than us in regards
to trade and it would harder expert it
would hurt our export market
significantly when we start to
experience the the economic pains of
that of not being able to export
products and other people and what not
what do we do we just eat those economic
losses and hope that we can connect he
said we as confiscate the property we
execute people who don't obey I mean I
probably I probably will say that but I
haven't said that yet we'll get to the
explosive finale down the road okay um
yes Stephen one of the unfortunate
truths of being a socialist is you have
to accept that your nation will not get
to enjoy the skyrocket GDP growth the
capitalist nations get to enjoy there is
going to be a sacrifice of some heaping
on a commission as a jury at the bet to
the benefit of hopefully making life
better for everybody
now does that leave us open to being
slowly economically consumed by other
nations that don't have our same you
know ethical standards absolutely it
does that's why that's why I'm glad I
live in the United States of America
with the world's strongest military that
could defend itself if necessary I would
like to see a socialist cascade because
it sweetened pardon me for dreaming here
but as we go socialist and we no longer
exploit developing nations the socialist
movements that have been growing in
fervor in those countries since the
Soviet Union took rise would hopefully
have a little bit more leeway to flex
because they aren't being stem heed by
American corporations going over there
and funding their people to beat them
into submission
hopefully America going socialist would
have a cascading effect and within I'm
going to be optimistic
Shariff we could see something
comparable in most of the nations of the
world is it risky yes are we all going
to die anyway yes I think it's
worthwhile
that's all was that an answer I'm not
trying to just get off like it's just
crafting like you might as well be
describing like Middle Earth policy or
something this is no it's I just I
answered Stevens well like no no it's
all like I understand your answer and
this is gonna make you maybe kill
yourself I hope you don't do it on
streem but like my issue with this is
that this answer there are so many
points at which things could become
catastrophic that it's it's just scary
for me to imagine that whole paradigm
Chef yeah it's RIT listen look all right
look I benefit from the stability of the
first world I'm not just like sitting
here with my gun in my hands were like
oh yeah [ __ ] the brow get to shoot a
cop yeah I understand that it'll be
scary and difficult but we are not free
of history history hasn't ended society
is scary and difficult there will still
be upheavals revolutions genocides
natural disasters were not free of these
perils and I think that one peril in
particular upcoming not the inherent
immorality of capitalism but rather
global warming is approaching and it is
so potentially disastrous so
overwhelmingly destructive that we have
to be more accepting of possible
alternatives I do not think this is like
a one and done easy peasy glorious
transition for the people it is a
difficult process and I will never
downplay the suffering it caused but I
think it's worth it and I say that
neutrally recognizing that I am as
likely to be a casualty as I am to be a
victor and then in that where the fact
that you advocate for genocide against
like two centers
that's not no no that's for one nope not
centrist just some people and for - it's
not genocide genocide is socially
economic well no it's not economically
based if it was iike normally based it
would be a genocide but it was a change
I can't change the definition on the fly
well hold on I mean like if you were to
kill all rich people that's a type of
genocide right does it necessarily have
to be a race really you said you would
kill me so I'm capitalist my buddy
X kills me you're a special case but no
you wouldn't kill
a lot of capitalists out there
ridiculous we're not going to kill
everyone above a certain then why are
you and Dan I'll be on the same train
mmm mmm I'm not commenting on that one
look okay it's not about killing all the
rich people
it is about securing the removal from
power for people who could in the event
of a revolution stifle the will of the
people these are people with enormous
political and social and economic power
not every wealthy first but it isn't
that gonna be the Google people who own
stock in Google aren't you gonna be
taken from them too and some envelopes
talking like the big like Stalin oh oh
yeah absolutely
I think what Irish lasers right we must
secure the existence of our people and a
future of our socialist children
it's though it's so hilarious that like
yeah Hager I agree comply agree we'll
have a debate it's like yeah it's like
okay
PewDiePie recommended this guy now he's
on him he's not a Nazi but did what he
say what was that crypto-fascist like
that's how sensitive we already know
what the different know the differences
I know I know you weren't be able to
recognize the difference because because
as a capitalist you're incapable of
siding with leftists over fascists but
the difference is here at the want mass
murder on any side for one I can for one
I can make all right when you're done
for one I can make arguments as to why
the people who I think deserve to be
removed from society society would
benefit from there we're not you can see
these are same [ __ ] thing yeah except
if there are arguments folks know that
motormouth my friend I can make
arguments let me clarify that are good
yeah they can the same the same way a
revolutionary could talk about how you
need to get rid of the monarchy and the
note now under a media I need you depth
of your misunderstanding is embarrassing
to you any cringing over here I'm
getting a [ __ ] ab workout feudal
peasant abilities
then the market square have been talking
about capitalism and free trade and
you've been [ __ ] that sounds a lot
better than being a serf to a landowner
hmm now how can we establish I was it
gets us to the point probably a
religious clergy I don't support the
implementation of violence really that
would be genocide of the note I care so
much about the people in sweatshops that
I want to implement as social anomie
that you would support living in a
society there's a right rights and I
think there is room for violent
resistance but unfortunately in this
scenario I totally agree do it want to
fringing on the right to life or
property no well I'm not forgetting
buddies rights I'm just working everyday
and you'd have me killed and other
people like me so okay like for real you
realize like memes you aren't in the
demographic that would be like killed
right you do realize that damn you're
not a novelist for you for you axe kills
me it would be a matter of pleasure but
for other people don't be like that when
it gets a railing you for it because
it's socially acceptable any but hit the
right meeting first a [ __ ] man because
the difference is I actually give a [ __ ]
about society and when Nazis joke about
genocide doing it because they hate
brown people that's the difference
between me and damnit that's what people
like you can never understand because
you operate in a value neutral discourse
idiotic
[ __ ] cancer to discussion in a
political sphere that has ever happened
mostly since the internet came about the
difference is my buddy when I make
arguments about genocide I can say hey
these people have a huge amount of power
and they can use their power in ways to
stifle the will of the masses they can
shut down unions they can shut down
protests they can buy off lobbyists and
politician
these people as much as they have a
right to life they are hurting society
at a time and they need to go ashes is
it
fascists would say hey the Jews control
a global conspiracy they place the white
man by hanging out with our white women
there's no data off see they say that
they're being replaced which they are
demographic oh they are being replaced
and we live a democratic do you believe
in the difference between a good and a
bad argument or are you so valuing your
argument that oh my my avocation for
mass murder is okay because I'm
advocating for it within the paradigm
with oppressors and oppressed but that's
exactly the same thing yeah the
difference is one side is lying your
side understand this this is incredible
this is yes yes they say it but they're
wrong that's before you're saying
they're wrong because it really just
because Jesus Christ it's okay when both
sides do it because it comports to both
sides of values you're saying that it's
wrong when they do it because it doesn't
corporate your values but it does
comport with their value so they say
would be right exactly Irish ah you say
that people are being oppressed by
people the nobles and power I reject
that I don't think it's an oppression
yeah I know but I'm not even trying to
make up I can't make that argument with
you because you wouldn't understand what
is yours is the same lofty justification
destiny is right it's about different
morals so it's like your standard well
but I think that's okay oh no you can
eat that because it's okay because we've
already deemed it in the past okay to
like kill massive amounts of people to
achieve some end right we did that with
her okra Nagasaki for instance yeah of
course there's nothing inherently
unethical about violence now it's often
unethical but it can be used to serve
ethical means X kills me you believe
that violence that revolution is
acceptable in cases when life liberty
and your freedom to whatever are being
infringed upon I believe there are other
circumstances by which say for example
you live under an oppressive or
exploited of system I believe that can
justify a violent revolution which is
what I you are a terrific no I need to
construct an entire point before you
misunderstand half of it okay just the
timer like cuz this is crazy
yes the difference yeah because my part
really
listen no no no please please French
comrade brother listen okay the
difference is you have to make arguments
as to why your standard as to what
constitutes a good point to engage in
violent revolution is legitimate
everyone believes while most people
believe that at some point of violent
revolution is justified the [ __ ]
founders founding fathers believe that
they believe that if if the meet if the
government should no longer meet the
needs the people but a violent
revolution should be ensured wrong okay
no no no wait hold on isn't that true
that the we have the obligation is the
people to rise up against our government
against tyranny other not the needs of
the people to protect the rights of the
people and those rights are based off
the philosophy of liberals like John
Locke sure no
you wit you interrupted my point you
jackass
you said wrong when I said something
correct oh my god you interrupted me no
let me finish
Oh the founding father revolution is
justified because when the government
doesn't uphold the rights of the people
so my problem with your revolution just
the same problem I have with any sort of
famous revolution is that both fascism
and communism are squarely orthogonal to
liberal values and I think you would
agree with so I do think that violent
revolution is justified but it's wrong
products to protect liberal values okay
so initially let me make a better
argument whatever dumbshit our slide is
gonna say about socialism okay so I
think I think that like the the argument
that little lefty would give or that a
progressive would give is that the
reason why violence might be justified
in these cases is even if the letter of
the law is being followed and so far as
like opportunity why not exist in the
United States the material conditions
have become such that they don't truly
exist in a free way any longer
you can't make those arguments for that
scale like that's a stipulation people
never friends
there's and I believe well I don't care
if he to granite right I'm just saying
that's the argument rather than talking
around each other like destiny oh my god
who's little values though so it's not
even a question you're not even saying
that you achieve liberalism better
you're saying you oppose liberalism yeah
there are some tenants I disagree with
so you're doing mass murder to destroy
liberal institutions holy [ __ ]
listen my buddy listen and Bill can deal
with this level of dishonesty yeah
fascists and socialists both disagree
with aspects of Liberty both both of
them are directions societies in
late-stage capitalism tend to take what
what does that have to do with the
effectiveness or the legitimacy of
socialism they're both different to
liberalism it's like I'm arguing with a
[ __ ] child no idea how to combat the
ideas that I'm putting forth years
reciting the same tired dialogue script
like you're regressing a horse shoe
theory but probably the most important
thing communism a fashion something I
just said and we'll toss your theory or
were you saying you're about no I'm on
Vulcan I'm saying that I'm not invoking
horseshoe theory but I'm saying where
there is a grain of truth is that both
communism and fascism are similar and
that they're both rejection of
liberalism yes that is yes that is
factually true I agree let's reject the
religion one rejection I believe is the
master and one rejection is I believe
unethical both of them require through
some manner or another the the
invocation of violence as hey capitalism
does too
what are you gonna do yeah so I mean I
guess getting back to the grain point
what was that again the point was about
how it's socially acceptable fire
sliding talk about mass murdering people
but it would be unacceptable for any
sort of writing people to do it yeah I
can I keep trying to explain it but you
don't understand why I know it's like
that's why the reason why no no no
there's a reason why it actually is
there's there's an actual reason why
people get [ __ ] triggered when they
hear
talk about genocide but when left on was
talking about if they get the benefit of
the doubt when it comes to being
humorous about it or like kind of
playing it off there's an actual reason
you're too thick to understand it but it
exists healthy humorous you met you
literally support that so don't don't
play it yeah but I'm but I'm also very
funneled so deep so both are the kids
alright but don't don't lie about being
humorous about it you wait I never are
you I need to know that you realize
you're being dishonest right now I never
said it was a joke
I say Blair only way playing it off like
you you literally support mass murder
your socialist revolution to kill to
kill the Liberals repose you or disease
it out forward I support violence in a
revolution I support a violent
revolution when Colin would really
support that I just wanna make yes no
I'm not I'm not a [ __ ] I'm not hiding it
is how we move away from capitalism this
this isn't a seat again another
difference fascists will hide behind
language they'll trick bill they'll
[ __ ] play around with words they'll
try and distance themselves from the
realities of their economic system of
their social system because they know on
some level that they're unappealing in
the wrong I don't need to do that I'm
very upfront with what I believe I'm
honest if there's one thing you cannot
follow me for and you can't oh well
you'll probably try anything because
you're not honest it's that I'm honest
I'm upfront with what I believe
I hardly give you points for your
honesty because you're supporting like
you're supporting a paradigm shift away
from the system that empirically has
brought the most good of the most amount
of people in world history and you Miss
Elizabeth Nancy you admit you don't
understand like fundamental ways of how
it's gonna shift you advocate for mass
murdering people including people like
me so might give you like eight points
for being honest about that okay well
again I keep telling you I don't
advocate for killing I don't advocate
for killing people like Diego I
personally think you should be dead but
I'm not advocating at that political
basis it's a matter of personal
preference on my part yeah listen again
also you pur Lisse a butyl ISM had
brought the most ability and the most
wealth and the most just general social
benefit to the world had its zenith at
the time futile who began to get sort of
like strangled out in Western Europe
feudalism that people were making the
same arguments for feudalism that you're
making now it's fundamental
it's done more for the world than in the
other system in history we discover
constants are the fundamental arguments
of a regressive we said then we study
economics and economics led the way to
the capitalist system that invented
economic growth okay okay whoa no no no
no for one it could you talk about how
great fetal ism is but there wasn't
world that wide economic growth under
fields oh well there was there was a
worldwide social and political
development that's the reason why at the
beginning of the feudal era there was a
substantially lower population a much
less much less widely adopted technology
and we did have the economics prior to
the introduction of capitalism
mercantilism sort of the proto
corporatist capitalist miasma that it
was enjoyed to be existed prior to
capitalism and implemented many of the
economic principles we see in use today
everything economics didn't exist before
cut the [ __ ] you're saying is stupid
it's not it's it's not even wrong as
you're familiar with that term right
it's not just wrong it's like it belies
ignorance beyond that which can be
discussed to be addressed the arguments
you make are the arguments are
progressive you can make economic
arguments in favor of the efficacy of
capitalism I welcome them I am oh your
system your system is totally
incompatible g85 through the modern
economic theory I think you know I don't
because I know a market and I agree with
you then understand my point my point is
the reason we moved on from mercantilism
to capital is because we were guided by
economic theory well and and you know
what the reason why I don't know from
capitalism to socialism is because we're
motivated by humanly you're not
motivated by economic theory economic
theory isn't guiding us with your ideas
is too crazy idea as in the craziest the
crazy murderous
bent of Irish lad that's guiding us not
nice oh really your paradigm field every
a cavalry huge body of leftist economic
literature right you do realize that one
of the most one of the most influential
economists in the world is calling on
you either
economists he was yeah Oh what okay come
on he was a political to even know if we
consider himself in ago yeah it was a
philosopher an economist it's a pretty I
can no no come on dude you're a [ __ ]
joke
but you know you know that Marxism right
yes
because the correct pilot whitey is
reflective of our values right in
society but there is a substantial
acknowledged economic literature out
there I'm sorry Martin
Marx was very influential in political
philosophy he didn't contribute to the
actual fuel of economics that's why when
he studied okay all right no is it all
the right are like what am I supposed to
stay here do I just don't think Ron Roy
like I can okay that's fine well then
what from modern economy that is like in
mainstream economics is derived from
mark his contribution in the field
please tell me I can tell you like John
Maynard Keynes he was an excellent
economist I can list his contributions
to field yeah yeah are you are you
asking why in modern economic theory did
we get from Marx as you said you said
mark contribute most influential so how
did Marx influence the actual echod
modern economic theory modern economic
theory is LeWeb let me answer are you
asking me why non-capitalist economists
aren't seeing their ideas implemented in
a capitalist economy okay wait so lemme
hold on so like I think when you think
of like an economist like an economist
generally will publish a paper or will
write something that will lead to some
sort of economic idea that's either
implemented or studied or is a way to
model society or makes predictions about
Society of any of these things would be
like an example like contributing to
like actual economic theory or economic
science but it seems like Marx was more
a like a political philosopher or an
economic philosopher and then he kind of
gave us broad strokes but you don't like
get anything of like actual value in
terms of like how to analyze he was well
his his economic focus was the critique
of capitalism he didn't suggest many
alternatives he was more interested in
laying out the groundwork of what would
later be called critical theories yeah
but like even in terms of like laying
out the groundwork did Marx ever give
like an idea where like once the like
you know like once the wages of some
worker reaches like this level like you
would expect to see this like it seems
like everything was I don't know that is
not that is not the only way you can
John Maynard Keynes for example like did
a lot of particulars
ilysm but at the same time we have like
actual economic ideas do I need to do I
need to just Google like leftist
economic theorists and I can just start
reading all times I don't understand
what's their gear justify your statement
like but you don't have to we can just
move on but you said he's an influential
economist yeah he is Marxist one of
Marx's on a bear sighted philosophical
you can like it oh and make sure people
here don't know that economists don't
take his economic ideas seriously he's a
playboy okay what do I hold on hold on
okay I need please please I can't
because I actually sometimes I feel like
I'm arguing with a man and the man has
ideas on sometimes I feel and sometimes
I legitimate ly feel like you're too
stupid to understand what I'm saying you
can just you can plug all these
different things what's your actual
point Irish lady the actual point that I
was getting at right there was that
sometimes I feel like you're too stupid
to understand what I'm saying and it's
very frustrating for me it's not
actually a point no no that's actually
an essential I think that might actually
be the most essential point I've made in
this entire conversation because your
fundamental inability to understand
things outside the capitalist diaspora
is crippling your imagination is a
closed box you can't fathom it it's
outside your realm I think unfortunately
I can't imagine what would happen if we
abandon capitalism and it would Oh
listen when you imagine when you imagine
the abandonment of capitalism you think
of molotovs being thrown in the street
and me personally showing up your door
to deliver of 3:57 through your brain
and while that would indeed be a part of
the transition that is by no means the
entirety of it now listen everywhere
that you asked me what contributions
have leftist economists made to modern
economic theory which ones are taken
seriously and I can answer you this many
of them are taken seriously within the
realm of leftist economics because
believe it or not leftist economics
isn't very applicable in a capitalist
system okay we can find common ground
just admit that Marx isn't influential
at all in modern mainstream economic
theory that's all we can we can omit
move on like okay then okay I'll go
halfway with you here Marx is not that
no Marx is very uninfluential in the
implementation of
economic theory so people who discuss or
or theorize how it would work today in
society the modern sort of discourse
there I would say Marx isn't very
relevant to that discussion III agree
with that yeah I mean I'm carry it's all
an Irish letter um excuse me would you
say that in the same way that Adam Smith
isn't as well or that's actually a good
question I think that's cuz I think you
could say a lot of stuff evolved from
Adam Smith yes I would actually put Adam
Smith contributions kind of actually in
the more marks Lane because it was more
a political philosophy base but I think
where Adam Smith really was actually a
revolutionary was understanding that
trade creates value surplus like there's
actually a value a surplus in voluntary
trade so I would agree with you that I
wouldn't say I'm Smith is like the most
and one of the most influential
economists to to modern economic theory
I would agree with that
I'm sure I wouldn't like his ideas were
influential in developing the field and
would you and I'm guessing or hoping I
guess would you also say that Marx can
offer some insight into how the
potential failures or pitfalls of
capitalism in terms of the material
conditions the working class and
possible at things that could come from
that or at ever do you think that there
might be saying look he's a political
philosopher I'm definitely I'm
open-minded to that political philosophy
the problem is like is what he's
advocating for it flies in the face of
like such empirical outcomes and like
what am i advocating we're just kind of
humoring a political philosophy idea
which I would be open to it's the idea
that like we're actually at the point
where we're sure and then to be clear
just to be super clear and I could be
wrong because I'm totally obviously have
not read into this [ __ ] [ __ ]
I don't believe Marx didn't necessarily
advocate for anything no wasn't it all
of his stuff more descriptive that I
keep this is well well even was
basically took the idea that like
capitalism was a necessary stepping
stone to the overarching
you know end of capitalism that's kind
of why he wrote he wrote on
Manifesto he obviously had an agenda but
capital the book his primary
contribution to economics was interested
mostly in in descriptive project right I
think I think even I think even Marx
recognized that capitalism wasn't
necessary stepping-stone to development
that's why I dislike the idea that we're
at lace age capitalism and we're ready
to like go to the next stage when we
what do you mean even Marx Marx was the
first one to propose it
you're acting like like like leftist
just but grudgingly have to accept that
concession right mark it's the sort of
prim prim evil socialist I think he was
the one that first said people don't
capitalism was an essential stepping
stone right but that's kind of the
problem I have is that there's so many
places where capitalism hasn't taken
root yet and hasn't like brought
development to that country so as this
part of why I don't like Marx's critique
or I don't think Marx's critique is
applicable now because I don't think one
and I say I don't think but I think I
can prove carefully quite easily you
can't prove we're not in the late stage
capitalist knows it's a it is a
subjective turning a theory meant to
describe a set of conditions you can't
objectively determine anything you can't
prove it or disprove it I guess I can
acknowledge that it can be argued in
favor of gonna can argue that there's
much room for capitalism to improve the
economies around the world before we
even consider a paradigm shift where
what if the goal isn't the improvement
of the economy but rather the
improvement of human of human happiness
I may be talking about socials I'm
talking about like a country where like
the economy hasn't grown but those
people have that kind of life that you
imagine for them because the problem is
I agree with you that there's like there
is a fundamentally I get a detachment
from like economic well-being and some
sort of life however you aren't defining
social well-being the problem is I think
with every whatever kind of value you
decide to select for your social
well-being is so heavily correlated with
that with economic outcomes that it
almost always just makes sense where
like optimized broadly for economic
growth while at the same time providing
like some responsibility for you know
some social responsibility but I don't
think I completely
wait I completely agree with that
statement not even snarkily I agree that
by and large in developing nations and
in nations that do not enjoy that the
wantons of Plenty
that Optima
for economic growth is usually a good
substitute for making life better for
people I just think and this is where we
disagree that we in America have reached
the point where that is no longer the
case and you don't agree with that
well III definitely disagree that in
America we haven't but I think even more
even more concretely I think it like a
regions of the world we aren't even
close to there and I think us doing the
Ascension it's gonna disrupt their
development and I say I think that but
again I think that like I think even you
acknowledge it would disrupt it and that
there's uncertainty and I think
introducing that uncertainty and
disruption is unacceptable because the
stakes are so high for the people who
haven't reached out level development
yet yeah I do think in the u.s. nowhere
even close there yet but again that's
not even my main argument right now it's
that other countries have to get there I
just what really bothers me when I have
discussions with people like you is that
we can never acknowledge the shared
values the wheel well no way hold on
that's not true the problem is you guys
share almost every value but your
frameworks are like tote like you both
believe that your frameworks will
deliver you like to that I think we
should start this from a value driven
perspective I mean if going off what
both of us have said skills me and I
both agree that the reason we pursue
economic plenty as or the reason why we
optimize it in society is because it's a
good substitute for human happiness
we both agree that we should generally
speaking work to better the living
conditions and well-being of the
majority of people in society we're both
interested in improving society as a
whole
yeah we heard it yeah and we take a step
down from those values but I feel like X
kills me when I talk to you and when you
talk to me I feel like you think I'm
just this gun-toting [ __ ] college
dropout revolutionary who's just gunning
for the opportunity to line people up
against the wall and paint it red I
think it's both of you you both of you
feel like you need like a dose of
medicine to get over disease and you see
the other person holding a gun at you
and saying that it's gonna cure you and
that's why neither of you are ever going
to agree or think that you're having two
totally different conversations this is
my frustration when I do political
conversations that both of you are
interpreting reality very differently so
of course it's gonna feel like you're
talking past each other the entire time
yeah but I can't I can't handle this
equivocal see because over the course of
this conversation excuse me has lied and
misrepresented my position many times
jumping and jumping topics no no come on
you've accused me of being of being
racist you have in in every instance
available to you you have jumped topic
to a to the the infallible assertion
that I can't advocate for any socialist
positions unless like I demonstrated
having already worked on a scale not
only efficaciously but I'm comparing
level to do you night miss want one
that's compatible with modern economic
theory at least even like at least even
somehow header like more heterodox
theories at least an attempt right like
I'm not saying that it has to have been
tried before I think I've already
answered this the example I gave was a
global like free trade agreement even
though we haven't tried that before I
was still advocate for that and I would
use economic theory to guide that my
problem with your philosophy isn't just
that it hasn't been tried yet and I
disagree with that it has been tried
it's been tried in a lot of place in the
past work but the broader critique is
that your what you're proposing is just
isn't guided at all about economic
theory that's the bigger problem I'm
okay you do realize that the economic
theory that has governed the growth of
the Western world is the product of a
very specific set of ideological
principles right I know I think that's
why those principles are important
that's why I know they are important but
they're not everything a feudalist could
say the same thing they would say the
the the idea the political philosophy of
the divine right the idea that all
political ordinance okay we keep going
back to this so you keep saying that so
X skills means basically making
arguments to hold up the current
economic status quo and you're
extracting from that you're saying well
futile lists would also make economic
arguments to all of the status quo if we
would have listened to futile as we
would have never gotten to capitalism
what X skills makes contention is is
that under the era of feudalism
economics was never an actual studied
science so this would be the same as
somebody saying hey take this SSRI in
order to make yourself feel better get
or you know to help with depression why
not and you going well we used to
lobotomize people so why would I listen
to any psychologist no and the response
would be well psychology is actually
studied science now not just you know
some crazy medicine man that's telling
you to do random things I think that
distinction is pretty important that
economics is an actual studied science
post feudalism so we have a look at my
total yeah I totally agree and like
social science it is beholden to the
values and biases of the people who
formulated it
I mean destiny should know this far
better than I do but your values are the
same
the same values right now you're trying
to assume both of you're trying to
maximize the economic outcomes for the
most mobile possibly do we do what we do
have to save values but we do have
contention and several points for
instance which is a caracal property
well it's well where you assign the
blame is not for instance X kills me
might argue that a person who dropped
out of high school never really made it
in life and spent the rest of their
sixty eight-year-old like livelihood
working in McDonald's he might argue
that that's a failing that individual
because they made poor choices down the
road listen okay while you say that and
I could be totally wrong here this might
be a part where I hope I'm not wrong but
what I'm guessing is that if I could
demonstrate to X kills me hey if we you
know tax whatever amount of people at
some rate and we fund some type of
after-school program for high schools we
can increase the graduation rates like
98 percent and the overall economic
outcomes for the countries improves I
think excuse me would be on board with
something like that is that true or not
true
let's see from Arrested Development when
they're talking about Buster and then
the camera pans and he's been sitting
there the whole time at the table uh-huh
but yeah
so I know I wouldn't like say that
person is a failure in life I think the
big the big thing is that economics
doesn't really try to attach value
judgments to those sorts of things so no
I wouldn't say somebody that that
dropped out of high school and worked as
a failure okay but can you acknowledge
that many people who share your value
system you capitalists you would agree
many people would label that person as a
failure I think that's the entire point
though I'm sorry I don't understand your
broader point well well for one I want
you to acknowledge that whether or not
you personally believe that the people
in your company do which makes it a
viable you know position to attack on my
side of how you're using that to attack
some people would consider like a high
school dropout to be like not successful
or well I would consider a society in
which anyone is capable of becoming
homeless anyone is capable of spending
60 hours a week working and barely being
any people lights on these by the way
these outcomes within our system are
presently unavoidable there was no broad
social policy which could be implemented
under this society that would extend to
people they guaranteed a livelihood that
I think is the baseline minimum for F
behavior in a modern society your fat
were excuse me maybe there is a system
maybe there isn't but I know like sure
as hell it is not your system and that
capitalism has a better chance of
achieving that system I don't even
necessarily think it's desirable I'm not
sure how I feel about that let me give
you an example I think there's a
trade-off between the size of a welfare
state and the amount of integration you
can accept so people like destiny who
he's a social democrat kind of at heart
and he wants to create the robust
welfare system but my concern with that
is well the more robust welfare system
we have the more we have to be careful
about sustaining immigration this is an
argument also that I would of course
agree with that if you are if you're
incentivizing immigration literally for
people to take advantage of a welfare
system this is not a sustainable thing
yeah of course exactly that's why that's
why I say the kind of society that you
create or that you think I don't know if
it's possible I don't think it's
possible but I just know you're so
something's even to get closer there
it's gonna be worse than we have now
okay can we you don't know that I do
that's the lunch area to look emoji of
that society I don't think it's possible
and I know yours won't so okay I mean I
can't argue if you're it was you're
assured in this way you could if you had
some economically reactive to defend
your statements but you don't so it's
our AHA technology
my friend okay I'm sorry could you
repeat your last statement yeah I said
you couldn't but maybe you could it
would help if you have some like iconic
curating the guy like okay you realize
there is leftist economic theory
it just doesn't coincide with the
principles that a strong capitalist
economist yeah wait what did you just
say there's a strongly so you're so
you're saying you're saying to me okay
this is a level dishonesty you can't
help it so you're suggesting to me that
any economist who does not subscribe to
the principles of capitalism is akin to
an astrologist no I'm saying your
so-called leftist economists like are
yeah astronomy and he's really and
really and he's we're of not seeing
based paradigm of economic theory is
astrology absolutely you know you
realize you're like this is just anti
intellectualism right have you read
substantive like leftist economic
literature I know you have it well I
think his argument is that no one no yes
people do Stephen how am I supposed to
argue with somebody who says that the
foundational leftist economists on my
side of the aisle are just engaging it's
something akin to a story well the
problem is that it doesn't seem like any
of them make like or what x skills means
assertion is what seems to be somewhat
true from what from the little bit of
economic literature that I've read is
that we don't usually get like any sort
of prescriptive or descriptive
statements from leftist I know I know
what's going on here and that's going on
here terracing to astrology any more
people in this discussion the popper he
want to take my view think that it's not
possible that's what he's saying
that's what x kills me is saying you
seem that it's akin to astrology because
you can't falsify a Marxist system
exactly yeah there are plenty plenty of
descriptive claims made and leftist
economic any of the empirical
observations are invalid because of some
excuse you have for why we can't like
look at that society you have every now
what you don't know this is this is just
anti intellectualism you've never read
these books you don't know the arguments
you have no idea what they contain
you're blithely dismissing them because
they disagree with the [ __ ] 101 to
there you don't know all right into your
tiny tiny brain in your econ undergrad
you ever heard the phrase a little
knowledge is a dangerous thing because
you are so [ __ ] representative or
you're a fire lady on me the arrogance
the arrogance of a person saying that an
economic philosophy that disagrees with
them is akin to astrology is [ __ ]
beyond me I'm so maybe I'm just a little
bit too modest for my own good but I
couldn't fathom behaving as stupidly as
you have to say things like no this is
disgusting I'm surprised destiny can you
acknowledge that's an anti-intellectual
contention on his part it's on a
contention it's just if you you've said
they're a Hindu astrology that they're
non falsifiable and that they'll just
create excuses and anytime something in
the real world I think the problem with
the problem the problem that expose me
is running into is the same reason why I
usually don't do these kinds of debates
is because it's very frustrating to
argue with does it go back to I guess
like the very foundational thing the
ideal kind of world that you hold up
under the guise of socialism when when
I'm not allowed to point to any
empirical data whatsoever which is
generally the framework that I like to
analyze things right when I argue social
healthcare for instance on our argue
theory I like a pointed empirical data
and it's the same thing with economic
outcomes like it's very hard to discuss
socialism when every example has a
reason to fail yeah I don't know it's
just very difficult I'm honestly I'm
just really surprised you're implicitly
backing his behavior in this argument we
just behavior ante into the option fake
the amount under the other place please
I am a leftist I have plenty of real
outrage beating in my chest okay
a destiny the amount of dishonesty and
anti intellectualism he is engaged in
over the course this argument far
outstrips any I have engaged and it's
actually disgusting
this is antithetical to any kind of
cables I mean like to be fair you told
him that you would kill him like
multiple times so the secrecy well wait
hold on wait wait I we need to get this
out of the way
is this really a problem for you people
every single time I say you're joking
you then I followed up with you're being
serious
it makes it easy for me to show the
average person what you believe you make
me like you help me out wait yeah no no
wait yeah
not dishonest I'm super open about what
I believe this is like when Trump says
he's honest that doesn't give you you
don't get points hearing honesty but
you're being honest I don't know I'm not
saying I get points for being honest I'm
saying he's being a dishonest [ __ ] and I
am wait so what do you think being
dishonest about just tell me one thing
cuz I've been listening to both sides of
the conversation so what are you
something that you think he's making
sounds about he has straw man my views
consistently I wait wait wait so like
what's one view do you think he's
strumming okay
he um oh man we're really gonna have to
dig back no I'm sorry I understand you
guys have been talking for a long time
but every scary is like what's it what's
it like what's your impression of
something doesn't even example anything
but like what's an oppression isn't you
feel like he's strumming here's here's
the impression I've been given okay the
one I think he has been intellectually
dishonest intellectual dishonesty is the
only way somebody could literally
dismiss an entire field of economics
without having economics it is not stop
saying it it rectally it objectively is
I'm so I'm sorry if you don't like it
I'm sorry if that hurts your okay real
quick can we talk when we both talk
about what we mean when we say field of
economics may be mainstream economic
theory like you you you realize that
it's called mainstream economic theory
because it's a theory of economics and
that there are other theories of
economics well I think one oh I think
when excuse me says mainstream economic
theory what he's saying is that like if
you wouldn't spend time studying like
Marxist theory like you're you're never
going to come to any statements out of
any value in terms of like what we care
about in society like you're not gonna
figure out the solution to any like
problems in business you're not gonna
like be able to anyway yes you are
destiny I'm sorry you've change is a
good example of somebody who critique
capitalism but also introduce actual
tools that improve your understanding of
economics and they're used today so
that's like there are a big mess there
are economic because there are economic
theorists who are like hey here are
problems with capitalism here's how we
can fix them within capitalism and there
are economic theorists the kinds I would
agree with who say capitalism has
problems that cannot be addressed from
within the system we must look without
here are alternative solutions
kind of means of economic organization a
destiny I'm sorry these things exist
this isn't the idea what this do you
think leftist literature starts and ends
at the [ __ ] red book I guess like
when i when i read feel like especially
in the and the research that i did for
like immigration and whatnot and then
when I look at the like things relate to
in which I've never seen something like
published by like here's like a leftist
way that we could fix this problem well
a lot of the reason for that is because
there's a huge chilling effect on that
kind of academic publishing because
there's absolutely no money or incentive
sherek to make economic arguments for
something that couldn't be in like and
so you might be you might be 100 percent
correct here and this might be a little
irresponsible of me to equate these two
but the arguments you're making are the
same arguments that race realists make
where there's a chilling effect on
publishing that IQ is inherent to race
that all of academia is slanted in a
certain direction and there's actually a
plethora of research it's just like
people don't like to talk about it like
that's kind of like yeah same that that
is true and I concede that the
difference is though that that research
does exist it's it's out there and it
can be empirically analyzed points
proven and disproven I'm not saying that
there's some treasure trove of hidden
leftist knowledge that would exist were
it not for the boot of the capitalist
oppressor I'm saying that it's out there
and it can be read today by you or by me
I'm not going to I'm going to sleep
after this but but it can be done and on
while I am willing to admit that hey I
haven't read it I mean that's some dense
theory and I've got video games to play
I would never say something as arrogant
as it's astrology that's just like I
don't know maybe it's because I like
care about intellectual honesty or
because I like envision of an American
population that isn't so disgustingly
what no listen no I understand it
a black crusty ashen heart that doesn't
give a [ __ ] about anything other than
the idea that you might eventually only
God but I actually care very deeply
about some values and intellectual
honesty is really [ __ ] important to me
it really frustrates me like like like
upsets me I'm upset when I hear somebody
who's never read a body of literature
claim it's fundamentally worthless and
non falsifiable that you just falsify
but not not possible because you say in
a work and I can't say well it's not
really in line with our modern economic
theory and we have all these data points
that say it doesn't work but none of
that counts so there's we don't we don't
have any data what hey wait name name a
day the point that disproves an argument
positive if the Soviet Union which is
data point that you've cited to support
some of your social sorry meant for I
will work wait wait hey wait can you can
you cite a economic left like a leftist
economist who has made a book discussing
the benefits of you oh wait till you
know you're just saying go chill in the
field if I studied astrophysics I
couldn't name you an influential
astrologists either I'm telling you it's
the same thing yeah the difference is
astrology is tautological even sensible
and relies upon principles which we know
to be false or at least we have
literally no reason to believe it's true
however leftist economists have built a
substantial body of work that is taken
seriously by Minar academics grams and
is widely regarded widening source wait
so here's a question even something
that's like widely held up is like being
some of the most concrete or I guess
like theoretical frameworks ever I'd
like this do people do mainstream
economists even have like to say like
labor value theory seriously or no no
because because the labor theory of
value is just a lens through which you
analyze the ethical relationships in a
cat okay so when you when you use
statements like this like ethical
relations it sounds like you're talking
political or economic philosophy and not
necessarily like labor theory is a
political critique it's not an economic
yeah yeah yeah it's yeah it's more it's
more of a political theory thing that is
I would I would agree with that I don't
think that's a concession you drive your
economic organization around that idea
though the one there's nothing wrong
with driving economic ideas around a
political philosophy if you admit think
your economic values is derived from the
court of political philosophy of
liberalism there is no difference there
and for two there is a trust me our
economic theory is far more substantial
than the labor theory of value upon
which the writings of leftist economists
are based no I think my support of
capitalism is absolutely derived from
the economic theory that it works yes
yes yes yes your support of the system
we live in today is built from the
writings of people who have been
influenced by the system we live in
today you are born into the status quo
you took classes that taught you the
values and efficacy of the status quo
and now you argue for the status quo
there's nothing wrong with that but it's
also not a [ __ ] counter-argument to
the idea that there are arguments
outside your system I mean their
arguments outside my system but there
some arguments have more weight or more
or more yes but you aren't arguing
against the specific validity of any
arguments you blithely dismiss an entire
field of economics one of which you are
entirely ignorant one of which I am NOT
currently prepared to have a discussion
but thankfully you're not either they're
so defensive of it when you admit you
haven't studied it yourself she cares
pretty you're pretty offensive of it
when you have no idea what it is
I just sorry you're right my base
assumption when my base assumption when
I know that very learned people have
brought about a widely studied and
widely cited field of research that's
taken very seriously by some academic
professionals that I value my default
assumption is that that field of
economics might have value but you're
right it could be total horseshit at
capitalism could be the only absolute
and best divine truth the means by which
we shall ascend from this point and
forevermore and there's anything outside
of that I think the data suggest that is
effective enough that we should
absolutely maintain it and proliferate
it capitalism needs to spread more we
need more capital all right like Han are
the ones that need the most capitalism
and I don't there are your a paradigm
you have to recognize that capitalism as
it is necessary stepping-stone for the
countries that haven't even started
development look I look I've clearly
made no grounds in this discussion but I
think the people listening I have
sufficiently demonstrated the habitual
dishonesty the strawman
anti-intellectualism person which I mark
and I'd like and I'd like to another
they play well with peer crowds at live
reason the person doesn't take you're
right none of none of you realize none
of those who have whispers Louie I'm
actually specifically labeling critiques
of the way that you conducted this
division at Mom's when Adam would be for
me to call you stupid which I think you
are and I am perfectly comfortable
making at homes in at this point I'm
gonna I'm gonna say my piece and then
I'm gonna be dealing with it you can you
can you can [ __ ] let it all out okay
just pretend regurgitate that has gone
right into job but before you do let me
finish please
I think I have demonstrated the habitual
dishonesty propensity to straw Manning
and anti intellectualism of X kills me I
confess I'm not that economically
learner but I'm economically learning to
understand that the world has not made a
better place when you will if we dismiss
entire fields of analysis output outside
that which you're familiar with it's
complicated there are benefits to
capitalism there are downsides to
capitalism but all I want is the freedom
to have that discussion in an open and
honest environment free from people like
my presence debate who are flat I think
he would welcome it I think it's just
and I would too it's just really hard to
argue like theoretical into in Pierce
even steven if you want to discuss
socialism I will read the literature I
will come up with specific empirical
data driven solutions to problems posed
by socialism and I will discuss it with
you in a manner which is completely
devoid of the grandstanding I'd love to
engage them I would love to do that but
you are an honest actor and excuse me
it's not and I know you may feel a
little bit closer to it because I am in
the call right now and I am more left
from either if you are different from
one another but that doesn't mean you
should that doesn't mean you should
lower your standards for what
constitutes intellectual honesty anyway
to everyone in the chat I'm [ __ ]
closing
[ __ ] signing off my channel okay
there those in the chat I made a YouTube
channel I'm putting out a video tomorrow
it's on centrism it's gonna be dope and
it's gonna and soon I'll get picked up
by destiny okay it'll be under his
channel to avoid his love you can call
it's called Bosch Vidya I have a discord
but you know what I don't care about any
of that [ __ ] what I care about most is
being here talking with people who
disagree with me because I believe that
rigorous intellectual discourse is the
means by which we were the chief of
brighter future okay so um Irish lady
said something interesting we
acknowledged again he's not a learning
man in economics and then how many feels
if you're not a learning man in that
field can you advocate for the upheaval
for a paradigm unit in that deal it's
actually one that has implications like
economics you can't go to medicine
without being learned man in medicine
and advocate or some huge paradigm shift
that's not backed by any sort of
empirical evidence
there's not even consistent with the
understanding or the framework of the
time you can't go to physics without a
basic understanding and advocate for
some sort of paradigm shift in that
field now economics is definitely a
softer science and those other two but I
maintain the same position you can't
just not understand economics while at
the same time advocating for a massive
paradigm shift in the field and secondly
and I think this is a really important
point the idea that we're in some late
save capitalism society is totally
Eurocentric it's based off just the bias
the recency bias of being present in
this day and time the reality is most
areas of the world need more capitalism
and need more economic growth in order
to catch up to other countries I can
only happen with economic freedom and
capitalism flourish degrees of economic
freedom and free trade and doesn't
matter how much some of the Aponte's
pontificates about exploitation the
proof is in the pudding so to speak and
that the number of people have been
lifting out lifted out of capitalism has
been about 1 billion in the past 20
years so basically I was concluded by
saying the big problem with all of us is
scarcity and the best system for
alleviating scarcity is capitalism and
not this socialist theorycrafting by our
[ __ ] that's basically it
Baga job you guys are both beautiful
people
[Music]
