hey everybody today we are debating is
there evidence for young Earth
Creationism and we're starting right now
hey friends stoked to have you here for
this really interesting war of worlds
you know a gentleman crossing over into
different worlds this is going to be a
lot of fun or excited to have you here
and we are not going to waste time we're
going to get right to it so first one I
may make a point to say we would love
for you to be here whether you're
Christian atheist Jedi SIF no matter who
you are we are a neutral Channel and we
want to welcome people from all walks of
life so with that feel free consider
hitting that subscribe button as we are
excited for upcoming debates and now I
wanna introduce our speakers so destiny
on your left in the main view is not
only you could say I think it'd be fair
to say I think you told me atheists at
the earlier on destiny right
yeah I'll say agnostic atheist sure
that's where okay I'm flexible that and
Kent Hovind as you know as a Christian
and they're debating is there evidence
for young earth today destiny is a
popular streamer and he is on Twitch as
well as YouTube and both of his links
are down in the description so if you're
like hey I really enjoy listening to
this oh you can reach out to him there
or see more of this content also
Kent Hovind glad to have you back again
and as mentioned Kent is a Christian and
he is a young earth creationist he will
be arguing today for that position and
his links are down in the description so
if you enjoy his content you want to
know more about I think it's dinosaur
Adventureland right yes sir
you bet that is down in the description
box and so you can check out their
content so thank you both for being here
it's a it's a joy to have you and
Shannon Q down in the bottom right
glad to have you thanks so much for
being here she is going to be I just I'm
so scattered today forgive you everybody
I'm linking her in the description right
now Sam there's
she is uh just one of the more congenial
people and she's also one of the people
that I trust very deeply she's an
atheist but I promise that between her
like to say like yeah she's we're gonna
run a fair deal here between the two of
us uh and so we are thrilled to have
everybody here Shannon and I will hand
it over to you to do the format in just
a second I want to mention the last
thing that I almost always forget
anybody who has a question during the
debate can put at modern a debate in the
live chat that helps me see it and I'm
going to collect all of your questions
from the live chat and it will put them
into the list that we will ask her in
the Q&A and I would encourage you get
them in early we had a short and sweet
debate today so Shannon with that thanks
so much for helping moderate today and
the floor is yours hi everybody welcome
to the debate just a quick point of
order before we get started our format
today is going to be 8 minutes of
opening statements from each participant
5 minute rebuttals from each then a 20
minute open discussion
there'll be four minute closing
statements and then after that there
will be a 15-minute Q&A and that will be
the place during this dialogue where we
are going to be taking audience
questions so today because he is the
affirmative Kent has agreed to go first
so I have my stopwatch ready to go
and Kent you now have eight minutes
please proceed well thank you so much
for having me my name is Kent Hovind I
was high school science and math teacher
in Christian schools for fifteen years
moved to Pensacola January of 89 and
started a ministry called creation
science evangelism I defend the position
that the Bible is true the evolution
there is the dumbest and most dangerous
religion in the history of the world you
have to believe that there's no God you
can't possibly know that such a thing so
evolutions actually and atheism actually
is actually a religion it's not nothing
scientific about evolution either so
with a topic today is the age of the
earth is there evidence for a young
earth I think this is critical first of
all I would point out that 6,000 years
which is what the Bible dates add up to
is not young 6,000 is a long time it's
hard to visualize Abe Lincoln 170 years
ago or Columbus 500 years ago six
thousands a really long time now a 4.5
billion don't won't fit in the human
brain if if 6,000 years was a nickel the
thickness of a nickel sit 4.5 billion is
about 60 inches long 5 feet and on the
chart so it's 5 feet compared to the
thickness of a nickel I'm convinced
everything can be explained with the
rapid creation six-day creation like the
Bible teaches which is essential for all
the symbiotic relationships there are so
many plants that require certain animals
to pollinate them and the plants and
animals reciprocate the gases they have
to be made within a few days of each
other like the Bible says and I want to
thank Steve for coming because it's very
hard to find opponents this is by my
reckoning my hundred sixty ninth debate
that I've done I've been turned down
over 7,000 time for people who refuse to
debate and defend the theory I'm not
looking for a fight I'm just looking to
defend the position I think the Bible is
true and you better get ready for your
death in your destiny destiny you're
gonna be dead for a really long time you
might want to pack a lunch for that trip
so I'm here to help I'll get both of you
a boat you and Shannon converted before
this is over with that's the goal anyway
we're going to try I think everything we
see in earth and geology and on the
physics of the earth and in biology can
be explained with the creation and a
flood in 2nd Peter chapter 3 the Bible
says the scoffers in the last days would
be ignorant of the creation and the
flood and that's the whole problem so
our doctor died knows our web-site how
old is the earth well there's two ways
to answer this question there's a
biblical answer and a scientific answer
if you went scuba diving and you found a
treasure chest full of gold coins and I
asked you the simple question when did
it sink when did the boat sink well
you'd have to look at the youngest dates
on the coins not the oldest ones the the
youngest date will be the limiting
factor if there is one scientific proof
or that the earth is not billions of
years old the case is closed and I
understand if the age of the earth is
can be limited down to a few thousand
years the whole argument for evolution
and atheism is over
there has to have been a god I
understand how important this is to the
atheist and evolutionist they fight
tooth and nail over this issue of
getting billions of year I point out
getting billions of years won't help if
I told you a frog could turn to a prince
if you kiss it you'd say that's a fairy
tale but somehow they say if all if the
Frog turns into the prince if you wait
billions of year now it becomes modern
science no it's not it's still a fairy
tale time won't help the evolution
theory it actually hurts it because
things degrade but the second law of
thermodynamic but with all that aside
even if there were billions of years
there is no evidence for evolution of
any animal turning into any other kind
of animal so I'm gonna try the today to
show you what the Bible says and what
science says about the age of the earth
so if you find a fossil like dinosaur
toe bone you notice it does not have a
date stamped on it it does not have it
doesn't talk you have to assign your
date to that and the evolutionists will
say this is 70 million years old the
Christian will say no this is one that
drowned in the flood the Bible starts
off the very first verse and says in the
beginning that would be the beginning
God created the heaven and Europe
so God least in the Bible God is
claiming that he did it and John 1 in
the Bible says in the beginning was the
word and the Word was with God and the
Word was God
and all things were made by him so in
the book of John it claims the word
whoever that is made everything and we
see later in John 1:14 that the Word was
made flesh and dwelt among us obviously
Jesus so the Bible is clearly claiming
that Jesus is God and Jesus made
everything in Colossians 1 by him that's
Jesus were all things created this is
the Bible clear teaching that Jesus is
God Almighty in the flesh and jesus said
in matthew 19:4 have you not read that
he which made them at the beginning made
them male and female Jesus is claiming
that was the beginning when he made them
male and female mark 10:6
from the beginning of the creation
Romans the book of Romans tells us by
one man death came into the world man
brought death into the world in the
evolution theory death brought man into
the world billions of things had to die
in order for man to get here all the
inferior unfit species had to die off or
the superior
new modified genes to be accepted and
spread around the world
this of course obviously my video number
5 leads to that philosophy leads to
Adolf Hitler well let's eliminate the
inferiors and speed up the the the
process of evolution but the Bible's
clear that man brought death into the
world death and suffering is man's fault
not God's fault
in evolution theory of death is that he
wrote the Bible says in first
Corinthians that man by man came death
and the Bible says Adam was the first
man it's clear and Eve is the mother of
all living
that's what it says and it says in
Genesis 5 that Adam was 130 when his son
was born and that boy was 105 when his
son was born and the grass out the dates
it's easy to do from Genesis 5 and
you'll come to the conclusion that the
Bible clearly teaches the earth was
created about 4000 BC which would be
6,000 years ago I don't put an exact
date on it and say 4004 BC I don't know
but it certainly was not millions
textbook says the earth is millions of
years old
somebody is clearly lying jesus said the
creek creation of Adam was the beginning
so I think you need to realize if you
want to say the earth is billions of
years old which people are welcome to do
there they're calling Jesus a liar
that's when they're calling saying the
Bible is not true here we go all right
here if you claim the earth is billions
of years old like I'm sure both of you
do just make sure it be honest and admit
you say the Bible is wrong and Jesus is
lying or somebody recorded Jesus
incorrectly so I would rest my case on
the biblical answer being the earth is
about 6,000 years old now when you look
at the scientific answer that becomes a
different can of worms here that is a
very interesting field of study and
science kitra 15 years I love show you
in this stuff
there are many scientific ways to prove
the earth cannot be billions of years
old now I'm not aware of any scientific
ways that shall I - Allison but I'm
aware of quite a few scientific ways
that limit it to less than 4.5 billion
and that's the current date they're
giving 4.54 billion next week it'll be
something more probably it always goes
up to add more time as if time will help
but if I and I'm fully aware that this
issue of time is the pacifier for the
evolutionist because given enough time
in their mind anything can happen and if
you take away time they're gonna cry
like a baby
I completely understand and I'm sorry
that's just the way it is you can't have
billions of years and I cover on my
video number one called the age of the
earth about fifty different scientific
ways to show the earth is not billions
of years old it cannot be billions of
years old the galaxies are spinning the
stars in the middle are going faster
than the stars at the outside
spiral galaxies indicate they cannot be
billions of years old and I'm out of
time but anyway we'll go through quite a
few if you'd like scientific ways to
show the earth but the Bible's clearly
says 6,000 and if you want to call God a
lie or that's your business but I would
recommend you to think about that twice
before you do that thank you so much
well done for being on time Kent you are
at eight minutes then one point six
three seconds so very good all right are
you ready Steve it's gonna be way
shorter than eight minutes all right
give me a moment Theresa whenever you're
ready as soon as you start speaking I'll
start your clock yeah so I'm mainly
interested in the back and forth but I
guess I heard a whole bunch of citing
the Bible for claims here but we don't
really have any evidence presented yet
for an earth only being six thousand
years old other than citing I guess
passages from the Bible I heard a lot of
very strange claims I don't know how
many of these were gonna end up going
through the idea that atheism is a
religion
I mean atheism literally means without
religion I guess we can debate the
semantics of whether not being religious
also makes you religious there's the
coin analogy on the boat the idea that
if you find new coins and a boat that
that somehow shows you III guess the age
of the earth all that tells you was when
the boat sank it doesn't tell you when
the coins were created I'm not entirely
sure where we're going with that one if
you find a fossil doesn't have a date
stamped in it there's like a number of
different ways that we could date yeah I
don't know I'm more interest to the
back-and-forth I guess we can move on to
that part basically I'm gonna be arguing
that none of these are really evidence
for creationism whatsoever I don't think
I heard a single argument in favor it's
more just kind of like nitpicking the
scientific arguments because they're not
either well understood or because
they're being misrepresented in order to
maintain the idea that the earth is only
6,000 years old and I'm more than
willing to admit that the Bible is wrong
and Jesus is either lying or doesn't
exist
all right well you were at a minute in
five seconds so at this point we're
going to be moving on to five minute
rebuttal so Kent do you have a five
minute rebuttal prepared for Steven
statements well off 30 different ways if
you'd like a theism is certainly a
religion you'd have to believe there's
no God how could you possibly know such
a thing unless you have all knowledge
unless you can be all places at one time
which I doubt that you can see that
would mean you know God could exist in
some place or some time or some manner
that you don't understand or don't see
or can't know as far as the coins in the
boat that's the whole point if it only
takes one evidence of a young earth to
prove the point it's just like if
someone has 50 bits of evidence that
says he's guilty of a murder
you know his shoes are found at the
scene his footprints are found at the
scene but he's got one bit of evidence
that says look I wasn't even in that
town I was in Chicago case closed he's
not he's not guilty so it takes one
proof of innocence to prove innocence
even though there might be 40 more
things that somebody planted or who
knows what but you can look at the
evidences for a young earth and only any
one of them would show that the earth
cannot be billions of years old for
example I mentioned the galaxies we see
stars blowing up occasionally called a
nova or a supernova
nobody's ever seen one for we don't see
stars forming at all I think my last
count I think they were I forget how
many less than 300 supernovae rings have
been found
they've only seen two in our galaxy in
the history of recorded history two
supernovas I believe humans have only a
couple thousand years of history
recording these events astronomers
reckon there have been only three or
four completely reliable observations of
supernovae in our galaxy this is from
Chora a couple months ago
how many supernovae have they identified
we have approximately 50 years or so
observations with looking for supernovas
I point out this guy says uh and then
more than ten thousand but only three or
four completely reliable observations so
stars getting brighter is not
necessarily proof of a star exploding
just a spot getting brighter I would
point out that even if there are
thousands of supernovas I doesn't matter
that is the opposite of evolution where
are the stars forming nobody's even got
a good
see how a star can form how do you get
dust to collect into a solid with Moyles
gas laws and it just goes against all
the physical laws and there's certainly
no observation for it you can believe
that but the current estimate is there
are 76 trillion stars visible from Earth
with the big telescope that's 11
trillion stars per person on the planet
and we never see one form the Bible
claims that God made all the stars I
can't prove that but that's what I
believe a Jupiter I got two minutes left
Jupiter is cooling off I don't think
anybody argues about that why do I
Google this an hour ago
why do jupiter and saturn give off more
heat than they receive the reason is
still unknown they said on cool cosmos
unlike other giant gas planets Uranus
does not radiate
Neptune does radiate about twice as much
energy as it receives from the Sun
indicating that it like Jupiter and
Saturn has an internal heat source hold
it if three of the gas planets out
further way out in space are giving off
more heat than they take in this is
going to put a time limit this is like a
coin in the box that says bingo stop
wait a minute this might mean they are
less than 4.5 billion years old you
can't keep giving off heat forever
pretty soon you've given off all your
heat so Jupiter and Saturn Jupiter gives
off twice as much heat as it receives
from the Sun how can Jupiter still be
cooling off Jupiter's moon Ganymede has
a very strong magnetic field which would
require some temperature the magnetic
fields are generated by liquid motion of
a molten metal inside a body
get'em II should have cooled off solid
billions of years ago from the Denver
Post so these planets that are that are
still giving up have a magnetic field or
still giving off heat I think is an
indication there's an article from about
Ganymede you don't google it Ganymede
the surprisingly magnetic moon so I can
go through we can took a look at the
Stars or the planets or the Sun burning
its fuel or the earth there's all kinds
of scientific indicators the earth
cannot be billions of years old Saturn's
rings are very neat and orderly and yet
they're spreading away from the planet
and moving why haven't they disappeared
and why does Saturn still give off heat
infrared energy
it still has temperature Steve I think I
know you're desperate
have the earth be billions of years old
to make your theory sound reasonable
it doesn't sound reasonable even with
billions of year but you can't have
billions of years there are too many
indicators it's not Saturn's rings are
vanishing they're disappearing from what
it can't be billions of years old then
the moon is going around the earth but
the moon is getting further from the
earth the moon is gradually leaving us a
couple inches a year will the moon ever
leave its orbit space answers the moon
is gradually spiraling away from the
earth well then that means it used to be
closer why is the moon leaving us I
think if you look at that say what the
moon is leaving us it used to be closer
that puts a time limit now what is that
limit we can argue about but the moon is
getting about 3.8 centimeters further
away from the earth every year I think
you got you gotta answer all these to
get the earth to get your argument for
billions of years
okay thank you Kent so Steven you now
have a five-minute rebuttal and then we
will go into the open discussion segment
I'll start as soon as you start speaking
okay sure so I'm gonna move through the
points that I heard and the points I can
respond to I'll state again I didn't
hear any evidence in favor of young
earth creation just a whole bunch of
random science questions so the first
thing has to do with being an atheist or
an agnostic okay the idea that because
you're an atheist or making a statement
there is no God that is not sure what a
theist means you don't necessarily
believe in the existence of a god that's
it
Gnosticism is a statement on whether or
not you believe you can have knowledge
about a god and in that regard I am an
agnostic I don't believe you can have
information about this so my thing would
be an agnostic atheist I don't currently
have a belief in God but I also don't
know if you can know about the existence
of gods firstly the second point we
brought up was this the coin and the
boat thing so I think the purpose of
this argument is to show that if there
is a rock on the planet that we can date
at 6,000 years old that must mean that
the planet is only 6,000 years old I'm
having a really hard time following this
it just doesn't stand to reason that
we're not gonna find newer things on
earth just because the earth itself is
old this would be like saying your skin
on your face is only a week old
therefore you're only a week old well
that doesn't make sense because we know
that your skin replenishes itself the
same way that rocks replenish themselves
on the planet we see tectonic movements
we see volcanoes we see lava we see all
of this stuff happening all the time
it's obvious that the earth is
constantly recycling the materials on
its surface this is something that's
observed it's not even up for debate
the idea that we never see stars form I
know that the Hubble is not capable of
seeing stars outside of our galaxy but I
know that we do observe the formation of
stars inside the Orion Nebula that's
something that we constantly observe you
can Google down and you can read all
about the different types of stars and
even planets that we think we are seeing
form there now it's really hard to see
this stuff because we exist in the blink
of an eye on like the entire like
universal timescale right scientists say
what is it like 13.8 billion years is
the age of the universe and we've been
observing the stars for with you know
with reliable instrumentation for 100
maybe so the idea that we can just watch
a star fully form you know in 25 seconds
is that's not gonna happen
I don't know what the exact timescale is
but it wouldn't surprise me if we could
never watch the entire formation of a
star in thousands of years because these
are probably processes that take you
know millennium at least you know for
the idea of why planets give off more
heat than they take in again this
doesn't prove young earth creation but
if I had to guess it's probably because
when planets are formed at the beginning
of any type of galaxy or any type of
star system I should say the inside of a
planet tends to be hot right they have
active cores this is where our magnetic
fields come from so for instance the
earth has a magnetic field Jupiter has a
magnetic field Jupiter here's another
one of those planets that was formed has
a very hot interior and probably gives
off more heat as a result of that there
isn't me they're gonna do it forever
it doesn't mean they've been doing it
forever and it doesn't mean they have to
only be 6,000 years old because they
give off more heat than they take in at
some point that process will probably
stop for instance Mars his core is a
dead core Mars has no core that is
active anymore Mars also has no
electromagnetic field as a result of
that and on the final thing for the moon
is gradually leaving us a couple inches
a year a lot of these assumptions about
how things are working now and then
trying to date them back by billions of
years saying oh well look you know if
you go back you know what some billions
of years theater the moon should have
been on the planet the earth it just
isn't true because you're assuming that
the moon is leaving the earth in a
linear fashion right scientists have
measured the different ways of the tides
have impacted the coasts and whatnot and
they seen that the moon probably wasn't
moving away from the earth as fast as it
is now this is just something that's
observed that you could read about you
can very quickly read like how fast was
the earth moving away from the or how
fast was the moon moving away from the
earth you know ten thousand a hundred
thousand 1 million years ago and to
assume that it's been a linear thing
where it's always been moving away at
the exact same speed just doesn't make
sense it doesn't make sense with angular
momentum
consider the fact that when things get
farther away gravity impacts them
different and it doesn't make sense with
what we've like recorded in terms of our
scientific observation okay that's what
I got for that all right so you're at
three minutes and 30 seconds so now
we're gonna move on to the open dialogue
portion there's 20 minutes set for it
destiny ceded a significant amount of
his time so if the dialogue is going
okay I'm going to love five minutes on
the back end if that's agreeable to both
of you so that will still be fulfilling
the full amount of time that the
audience is committed to to watching the
debate is that agreeable to both of you
yeah okay perfect I just want to make
sure that everybody huh is getting
exactly the amount of time that they
they wanted to see so I will allow tents
to open the dialogues and see what first
and please just carry on and back and
forth fashion if I feel that things are
flying off the whales I will intercede
if I do that I will stop the clock so
that I can make sure that I am giving
you a full time so please proceed okay
Steve you mentioned you did not hear any
evidence for a young earth and yet the
Bible certainly clearly teaches the
earth is 6,000 years old you did you're
saying you discount that completely
that's not evidence at all you're
thinking um no so the Bible yeah no I
wouldn't consider the Bible to be
evidence of that at all okay so it
doesn't present any evidence inside the
Bible other than saying God said well
yeah my own dates clearly add up to six
thousand roughly plus or minus maybe 50
years um and you mentioned about the
skin on your face being renewed and how
finding a rock 6,000 years I didn't
mention a rock these things I'm talking
about are even on the earth we could
talk about the earth if you'd like the
moon is going around the earth I don't
think anybody well the flat-earthers
argue about that but they're wrong by
the way okay but the moon is receding
and the tides seem to be affecting it
there's several different kinds of tides
on the earth there's the water tide of
course washing up on the beach slowing
the earth down there's also the winds
the Coriolis effect against the mountain
slowing the earth down there's also the
internal friction with the liquid inside
the earth which would be our having
friction against the crust of the earth
differential speeds there but see
there's the inverse square law is where
you need to consider something here the
inverse square law says if you brought a
planet or it said two things that
attract
each other like the earth and amount if
you bring it into 1/3 the distance you
have to inverse that and square it it's
9 times the gravitational pull so the
problem is actually much worse for those
who need billions of years the fact that
the moon today is moving away at 3 point
8 centimeters per year means in the past
it was moving away faster and if you go
back billions of year they've done all
kinds of studies on this and said the
moon's orbit would collapse into the
earth about 1.2 billion years ago
there's an article from astronomical
journal hope get up on screen here back
in 94 they said the evolution of the
lunar semi-major axis presents a
well-known timescale problem the lunar
orbit collapses only a little over a
billion years ago so if if the moon
leaving us does limit the earth at the
age of the earth to 1 billion years or
1.2 billion year if this could be
demonstrated scientifically and
mathematically would you still be able
to fit your theory I almost called it a
religion because evolution is a religion
but would you be able to fit your theory
into 1.2 billion years just based on the
moon I think we can live it instead of
4.6 we can cut it down to 1.2 and that's
just the moon so I think you know you
can't have 4.5 billion years to make
your frog turn into a prince I'm sorry
it's not available
go ahead I don't know how to respond to
the inverse-square law in terms of I've
never heard this brought up as a reason
for why the the moon is receding at a
different rate well no III understand I
don't I don't do you have any like
evidence like in favor of young earth
creation that's outside of the Bible or
is it only going to be like kind of like
trying to poke at how the current
account might not necessarily be 100 is
it correct well the astronomical journal
volume 108 is not part of the Bible
these are astronomers that put out a
journal to say hey we got a problem the
moon is moving away if you had two
magnets that are attracted to each other
the further apart they get the less the
attraction is it happens with gravity it
happens with light the inverse square
law for high school physics which I
for 15 years so bringing the moon back
in closer 3.8 centimeters per year as
you go if you could wind the clock
backwards the moon gets closer and
closer and then the attraction gets
stronger and stronger and pretty soon it
snaps them together like two magnets so
the problem is greater than you realize
what wouldn't end depend on the velocity
of the moon if the moon if the moon is
traveling at a certain speed though the
moon wouldn't fall to the earth no the
moon is traveling away from us
indicating it used to be closer
well the mutia track is even stronger
because of the inverse square law sure
but the moon is traveling around the
earth so just because it's close to the
earth doesn't necessarily mean it would
fall into the planet right if the moon
is moving at a certain speed and its
orbit around the Earth just bringing it
closer wouldn't snap into the planet
well bringing the moon in closer if you
can somehow get two magnets that are
attracted to each other and get one
swinging around like a sling if you
could swing a magnet around and hold it
with the magnetic pull the invisible
string to hold that magnet out there
bringing the magnet in closer
the attraction gets stronger by
inverse-square you take half the
distance you locate one half flip it
over and square it it's four times the
pole at half the distance at one-third
the distance is nine times the pole and
the astronomers are saying look about a
billion years ago the orbit will
collapse you cannot keep these two
things apart the gravity becomes too
strong okay so I know I don't think that
astronomers are saying that the moon
would have crashed into the earth but
other things have changed in the earth
as well like I don't think it's just as
simple as saying the inverse square law
so for instance because of the way
angular momentum works the rotation of
the Planet of the Earth is going to
impact the moon's orbit around the Earth
as well and we know that the Earth's
orbit for instance for maybe for reasons
you've listed earlier has also slowed
over time so the fact that the earth
could have been spinning faster a long
time ago maybe would have increased the
velocity of the moon such that it could
have been a little bit closer but still
traveling at such a speed that it
wouldn't fall into the planet I think
that planetary mechanics are a little
bit more complicated than just looking
at the inverse square law
well yeah it's pretty complicated you
are right and that's another factor that
I think limits the earth it limits the
universe at least the Earth's age down
to less than billions is the earth is
slowing down in its spin I think
everybody agrees with that the earth is
slowing down about a thousandth of a
second every you know who knows how long
a leap second I've got
pickles on that here let's see the earth
is slowing down in its spin I don't
think anybody argues about that and they
think they know the reasons why the
Coriolis effect the tides up on the
beach the internal friction the lunar
drag here slows down
well that indicates a it used to be
going faster which is again I'm going to
put some sort of time limit to limit
that's like taking the pacifier away I
know but it's going to take away the
billions of years because if the earth
were spinning faster the crust would
experience all kinds of problems
flattening out like a frisbee eventually
if you get going fast enough
just from the centrifugal force the
tides will look at Jupiter you Baer
spins around really fast and it has
winds like 300 miles an hour hurricane
tornado force winds because of the spin
of it's rapidly spinning so you guys
would like to imagine like spongebob
imagine that life was here you know
millions of years ago hundreds of
billions of years ago and the earth is
billions of years old just the spin of
the earth which is also affects the moon
those two things the spin of the earth
and the distance to the moon are going
to limit it to the less than billions of
years I don't understand it's not a
problem well I don't understand why it
has to limit it to billions of years so
if we say that the earth slows down at
about it's like 0.005 seconds per year
that means that at the advent of our
planet when it was first forming it
would have had about a 14-hour day I
don't understand why that's an
impossibility well you realize how many
plants are for they require a certain
amount of daylight hours and nighttime
hours to work you're gonna have to have
all the plants adjusting to the
photoperiodism as the earth changes I
wouldn't say the plants existed on the
earth 4.6 billion years ago I didn't say
that no I didn't say that I'm just
pointing out how that the the spin of
the earth is another one of those
limiting factors like the coins in the
Box that that I didn't say when the ship
was built or when the coins were made I
said when the ship sank if their coins
in a box in a sunken ship and you find
the youngest coin that limits that the
ship sank after that coin was made and
if we find one evidence that the earth
is not billions of years old then it
can't be billions of years old like the
guy who says look you got all this
evidence that I'm guilty of the crime
but I was in Chicago he's off he's off
the site I don't
think I don't think that logically
follows but even so we haven't presented
any evidence that the earth is only a
certain you know age and even if we did
I don't understand how that would erase
the idea that we have you know I'm Sur
cone iam that's four point that's
measured at about 4.5 billion years of
age like I don't understand why if you
find something young that necessarily
eliminates the possibility of it being
older well if you find a coin in the box
that's older than the youngest one it
doesn't matter how do you explain the
moon is that the strata me magazine said
less than a billion years you gotta
answer that one how do you explain that
the moon is a billion years or how do
you spend them would win a crash into
the earth well the astronomers who
understand this say when you do all run
all the numbers the moon the lunar
Earth's the lunar orbit around the Earth
cannot be more than about a billion
years old
you said you keep saying I haven't shown
any evidence I just showed you on the
moon says less than a billion why do you
keep saying 4.5 billion for your theory
bit well because that's I don't know how
to like it into a debate about orbital
mechanics but I know I know that
scientists don't say that the moon is is
a billion years old I'm pretty sure that
the most recent thing that I saw a
couple years ago was a four point five
billion was about the term that they
came up with the put the moon as well
point five four billion years old the
next week they'll add more time to it
because they're finding more and more
problems with turning your frog to a
prince I understand but the the moon
says it can't be more than 1 billion and
so truly you can find lots of people who
say it's four point five that's what
they're taught in school for heaven's
sake I bet you defined a lot of Muslims
that think Allah was a prophet and you
could find a lot of Catholics that think
the Pope is important and you can find
every religion supports their leaders
and their people as standard you know
but the if and if you find some
scientists who say the earth is billions
of years old that doesn't mean it is
that means they believe that it is and
if you can find some people who say they
believe there's no God that doesn't mean
there's no God that means they believe
but they're very limited understanding
that there's no God okay you believe
what you want but the moon is indeed
going around the earth the moon is
indeed leaving this is observable
science you run the mathematics on this
and say hold it the moon is leaving
three point
centimetres per year okay let's run the
math back Oh as he get closer the
gravity is stronger because of the
inverse square law they would indeed
snap together or collapse like two
magnets you get them too close they snap
together that would happen between the
Earth and the moon about 1 billion years
ago according to the astronomers so
you've got to come up with a theory of
evolution and a reason to reject God
you've got to come up with the one in
less than a billion years and that's
just one you can look at the Earth's
magnetic field the magnetic field of the
earth is getting weaker it puts a max
time limit of about 25,000 years again
you go back to the inverse square law
with the magnetic field the magnetic
field is getting weaker if you go back
in time it was stronger about 25,000
years ago the scientists say we've
observed it for the last 150 years it's
declined 10% it's declined 40% in the
last thousand years
so the magnetic field if you go back in
time in your imaginary rewind the clock
back the magnetic field is so strong
that no life can be here
here's National Geographic just I want
the date on this I don't see it here but
Earth's magnetic field is fading
here's one from last month well if you
don't suggest just to clear up the moon
thing or just I guess to put a wrap on
this for a move on to another topic so
there was a study that was published in
science advances where they dated pieces
that were brought back from the Apollo
missions for the moon and their
conclusion which was consistent with a
lot of other conclusions was that the
early formation of the moon was 4.5 1
billion years ago and they demonstrate
this not using you know physics math or
whatever but using uranium-lead dating
so I mean this is I don't think that
there are astronomers that believe that
the moon is only 400 million years old I
mean like we've brought back a lot of
evidence to look at this I mean I we
could bring on like a physicist I guess
to run through like the precise like
orbital mechanics needed to explain the
position of the moon you know above the
earth but I don't know if this goes
against like the current scientific
consensus in the field or if or if
either of us are like well-read enough
in physics to understand exactly how
every single thing would play into what
the what the path of the moon would have
to be to explain how it could have been
orbiting our planet for a billion years
well would you agree the moon is leaving
us that's yes it seems to be the case ok
would you agree that means it used to be
closer
yeah if it's leaving us it used to be
closer stay with me now okay it used to
be closer this is going to put a time
limit and I know you're frantic do not
have a time limit but there is a time
limit Steve I'm sorry and it's not 4.5
billion they might have brought back a
rock from the moon and dated it with
potassium-argon dating or iranian
rhenium led uranium 208 208 LED 208 2 at
206 it doesn't matter the moon is
leaving us that puts a time limit of
less than billions of years all of the
dating methods whether it's carbon
dating potassium argon Romania uranium
doesn't matter all the dating methods
are based on some real obvious
assumptions that a freshman law student
could point out in court wait we ran
assumptions rate has been constant
through history you can't possibly know
that you're assuming there's been no
contamination you're assuming you know
what the initial these aren't true
firstly decay rate is something that we
can measure constantly now you could
argue that the decay rate might have
changed sometime in the past but all of
science kind of rests on this
fundamental assumption that the universe
is is pretty consistent in all points in
time and in all points of the universe
now I mean we could try to have that
debate that maybe in some parts of the
universe at some points in time physics
has been different but that's never been
observed and I would argue that no
reasonable person believes that yourself
included except for maybe it may be in
the very beginning when God was creating
physics or whatever so I will be okay
resting on the assumption that physics
has always functioned the way that it
does today I think that's a fair
assessment I agree let's change I think
that if we watch fire if we have a
stadium full of people and we see five
people leave every minute can I
determine when the crowd started maybe
they were in the stadium have they
always left at five per minute has there
there's too many assumptions well sure
but that's what scientists do when they
try to figure out like has that for
instance has the moon always been
leaving the planet at the exact same
rate and there are a lot of things that
impact the speed at which the moon
leaves the planet right the moon being
closer to us might change the way that
the tides move which might make the moon
move at a different rate away from us
and we can measure the way that the
tides have worked on the coast in the
past to see if the moon has always moved
away at the same speed which it hasn't
it's not to say that the moon hasn't
been moving away at the constant speed
you can't just take the current rate at
which its leaving us subtracted billion
years and go look well the moon would
have been on the surface of the earth
it's not that simple and the idea that
like radiocarbon or potassium-argon are
all of these other dating methods
or uranium-lead are somehow circular or
rust on some assumptions is just not
true these are observations that are
made made time and time and time again
multiple laboratories will confirm using
different dating methods that there is
accuracy using these types of like real
dating methods I don't understand how
you can say that it all rests on these
faulty assumptions that just don't bear
out in reality unless there's some
global conspiracy theory to d'lai it and
forge scientific results everywhere so
I'm going to interject for just a moment
and I have stopped the time and the
reason I'm going to interject is because
we've been on this one specific topic
for a great deal of time Kent was
allowed to open the direction of this
dialogue so I'm going to allow destiny
the opportunities Stephen the
opportunity to pose Kent a question as
we are halfway through our time in order
to allow equal time for opening question
open questions in the dialogue yeah I
would be really interested in a single
piece of evidence that points towards
the idea of the earth being six thousand
years old even in your attacks against
the moon you were still getting us to
like hundreds of millions of years I'm
really curious what dates the planet at
six thousand years okay well I said at
the beginning of my opening I said the
Bible clearly puts a date of about 6,000
and I said I'm not aware of any
scientific evidence that shows exactly
6,000 but I'm aware of many bits of
scientific evidence that say it can't be
4.5 billion so okay so we've gotten rid
of 4.5 billion there's a lot of other
dates that we could choose but well no
no I'm curious if there's a piece of
evidence that can get us to 6,000 that
isn't just you know it was written in a
non peer-reviewed book like like the
Bible right well let's look at the
oldest historical records we have on the
planet written history by man is less
than 6,000 years old the oldest example
of capital punishment is 3,800 years ago
the oldest record now one argument is
well man was stupid in the past and
didn't know how to write and therefore
they didn't have it or the other
argument is maybe that's when it started
so I've got a whole section in my
powerpoint video one on dr. Dino the age
of the earth talking about evidence from
space like the moon receding that
planets cooling off the Earth's magnetic
field weakening evidence from Earth the
geological evidence that it can't be
billions of years old and evidence from
human civilization I mean weeds
we even just four cave paintings we know
that's not true I'm pretty sure we found
those that but you know past almost
40,000 years that they'd go back so I
mean even on that end you wouldn't be
correct
what do you mean how would you know a
cave painting is 40,000 years old they
can probably date it either using I
don't remember 40,000 for carbon dating
but if not they could probably use the
name for the geological spectrum there's
a name for the for the rocks
that they find it in that goes magic
column right okay yeah well I think if
you look at the oldest historical
written records are less than about four
or five thousand years old I'll call up
my slides on that but I couldn't we
could really belabor the point if you'd
like on the Earth's magnetic field or
the earth carbon dating you seem to
trust carbon dating I'll tell you what
challenge you get a scent of a piece of
coal for instance which has certainly
carbon in it huh
and the pieces and send it to five
different laboratories do not tell any
of the laboratories he sent it to
someplace else do five independent
studies on that one piece of coal break
the cola five pieces send it to five
labs and ask them the simple question
how old is it I'd be willing to bet you
a state dinner you'll get five different
answers and there'll be wildly different
answers so it really depends on okay so
a coal and diamonds right have different
depending on where they're found there
are different elements that can decay
into the carbon-14 that we use for
radiocarbon dating right which can lead
to a form of contamination of the sample
which could give you an incorrect date
that's fine but this is something that
is being currently investigated in the
scientific community it's not like this
is totally unheard of like people know
that this is an issue and people look
into it when it comes to dating but this
has nothing to do with the type of
radiocarbon dating that we use to date
like life-forms unless life-forms I
guess are eating coal then this wouldn't
really be relevant when it comes to
dating stuff well yeah my forms are
making coal as plants that make coal but
you're admitting that no card called
great ok rate maybe there may have been
some contamination or the rate may have
changed they've discovered some of the
elements that give huge numbers like
potassium decays to argon and wood at
one point five billion years half of it
that can be changed down to a few
seconds with
and pressure heat and pressure can
change the decay rate rapidly so you're
assuming that they find a fossil and
dated today and that somehow there's
been no contamination we know the decay
rates remain constant there's been no
exposure to heat or pressure there's
been and you know the initial content
for heaven's sake take my challenge D
get a piece of coke get a fossil of an
animal dead digger hey well dig up the
cat in the backyard you buried years ago
if you have one send it to five
different labs pieces of it and say how
old is it no other explanation you will
get five different answers I guarantee
it steak dinner I mean so possibly for
coal because of the way that coal works
that's true but for biological
life-forms that's not true like these
have been dated using several different
methods and most independent analyses
will agree on like a pretty narrow range
that something can be dated by and tons
of different laboratories using
different methodologies will all like
converge on the same answers for when
things are found the fact that you can
show that in in some elements there
might be some types of contamination
which can even be accounted for by the
way like in all of these it's not like
it's impossible to account for the
contamination so for instance because of
the pollution that we put into the
atmosphere today people say that
radiocarbon dating might be more
difficult to do but that's still
something that can be accounted for I'm
just because you can show like one or
two exemptions to how we carbon date
things doesn't mean you can throw out
the entire idea of radiocarbon dating
last I heard it's about five hundred
dollars to get a sample carbon dated at
most laboratories charts about five
hundred dollars they watch the check
with a Geiger counter how many clicks do
they get for a minute on their Geiger
counter as it as it became keep in mind
all dating methods all of them are based
on a decay in other words it's losing
not gaining this is the opposite of
evolution by the way it's going from a
higher element to a lower element
potassium to argon rubidium strontium
etc so they're all based on indication
they're all based on clear assumptions a
freshman law student would say your
honor you don't know how much was in
that object when it started there
they're comparing everything to today
but privately why do you think it
matters how much was in there when it
started well today's atmosphere you get
about 40 rough analogy you get about 14
clicks per minute on your Geiger counter
from a living object put it next to your
cat or dog and you get about 14 clicks
minute that's today's decay rate well
the Bible clearly teaches that before
the earth when the earth was first
created
there was water above the firmament
Genesis chapter 1 talks about that and
so that would stop some of the radiation
from the Sun and you would have let's
say let's say the everything before the
flood only had two clicks per minute
that was normal in the atmosphere there
wasn't much radioactive carbon in the
atmosphere the animal dies in the flood
gets buried we did get up today and
we're comparing how old it is based on
today's decayed carbon concentration
compared to what it lived under they
know there are all kinds of things that
change watch my video on carbon dating
I'll send you one for phrasing right
there's a ton of it as you can watch on
carbon dating but like all of these
things are things that can be measured
right so the atmospheric composition was
different at one point in time we could
measure this based on fossil samples
that we take from the ground based on
different dirts that we've taken from
the ground like there are tons of
different ways that we can measure what
the planet was like at any particular
point in time and those things are
generally accounted for in their
measurements this is why we have entire
scientific disciplines that feel like
they can accurately date things and it's
why in a multidisciplinary way people
tend to agree on the dating of things
like with very rare exception yeah they
might like go over you know exactly how
old things were or they might have like
new ways to refine their different types
of dating techniques but this idea that
because the planet was different at one
point in time it's impossible to use any
sort of dating method is just not true
it's just not how any of the works okay
what three minutes just let you both
know maybe you're not aware but if you
send a sample of anything to be dated by
any method potassium argon rubidium
strontium lead 208 send at any
laboratory don't you'll have to fill out
a questionnaire one of the questions is
where did you find it now hold on why
should that matter why should I know
where you find a sample they're going to
bracket with the date they're looking
for based upon the geologic assumption
that if you found it in this rock it
should be Jurassic and should be 65
million years old so they want you to
tell them where you found it so they
because they may test it four or five
times and get four or five different
numbers and they select the one that's
closest to the geologic date watch my
video number four lies in the textbooks
about the history of the geologic column
which does not exist any place on the
planet there is no geologic column the
whole thing's a joke all of it all those
layers happen during Noah's Flood okay
firstly well okay so okay so this
I lose Louise because if they didn't
account for where it came from then your
argument right here would be oh well how
is it that they were able to account for
any sort of error or any sort of
contamination where they didn't even ask
you where it came from it sounds to me
if they're asking where the example
originated from they're doing the due
diligence as scientists to try to
control for any sort of contamination
that could have occurred when they were
measuring the sample
well thank carefully what you're saying
they're not actually dating it then
radiometric dating they're dating with
geologic dating because they're gonna
select the one they want anyway you're
still you're still using radiometric
dating but you need to be aware of any
contaminations that could contaminate
any of your samples while you're
holidays how would you be aware of that
how will you find out oh this has been
contaminated by the geologic date
because there are certain geographic
locations on earth and there are certain
periods in the Earth's history where
they would understand that there is a
higher presence of a certain type of
radioactive isotope either in the
atmosphere or in the dirt and those
would be things that would be accounted
for when they go to do their
measurements you really believe what you
just said more than the Bible yeah I'm
gonna believe what's in peer-reviewed
journals that have been corroborated by
scientists all over the planet rather
than believe that there's some global
scientific conspiracy review-journal
astronomy magazine said the Moon and
Earth orbit problem limits it to 1
billion years fit your theory and 1
billion not 4.5 okay even if I do that
that's still 999 million nine hundred
and ninety four thousand years away from
the 6,000 year old earth that you're
positing right here like I'm just
pointing out this one coin in the box
that says this guy is innocent your
honor let him off the hook this earth is
not billions of years old well not
really I could argue that the earth is
4.5 billion years old and the moon was
spun off at a billion years ago I mean I
could just as easily argue that I don't
think the evidence I think that's called
the ejection theory has been proven
wrong years ago the mechanics of that do
not work there nobody there's a capture
theory the ejection theory of the
collision theory about the moon it's
none of them work the moon is nearly
perfectly round
2160 mile diameter and it's earth that
bulges 20 miles at the equator but the
earth moons not spinning fast enough to
have much bulge at all the moon is near
perfectly round the moon was not spun
off the earth the moon day was not
captured the physics of that is
impossible
the most recent scientific evidence that
I've seen published was of that 4.5 1
billion years on the on the moon that's
the current I don't know why you keep
citing the astronomy I don't know what
study you're citing or what what article
you sent or if it's even from a
peer-reviewed I show this is great I
showed it on screen it's a well-known
problems called the lunar recession
problem google it lots of people say you
know this really does create a problem
they sweep it under the rug say look we
really need billions of years so let's
forget this one can't be true
all right I'm going to stop because
there is there's a natural law because
we are at time so now you want each have
an opportunity to have your four minute
closing statements and Kent as you
started you will be the person who is
going first and I will start your time
for you as soon as you start speaking
all right well thank you so much for
doing this Steve it's very honored you
would come I think that clearly the
Bible indicates the earth is about six
thousand years old God claims he made
the world
I think that's intuitive there must be a
designer a creator this place is just
too complicated if you're walking
through the woods and you find an
arrowhead in a pile of gravel you
immediately conclude somebody made this
this isn't normal
gravel this has been shaped and
fashioned I don't know who did it I
don't know when did it but when he did
it but I know somebody did it now when
you look at the creation whether you
look through a microscope or a telescope
or just your eyeballs you ought to be
able to say wow somebody designed this
when you look at a chlorophyll molecule
in a plant one chlorophyll is more
complicated than the space shuttle the
most complex machine ever built by man
every atom every DNA molecule is
mind-bogglingly complex it's just common
sense to say somebody had to design this
now who was it was it Allah or Buddha or
Jehovah that becomes a different set of
arguments but you seem not unable to get
over the first hurdle and to be a
designer that we're arguing about when
was it made that's the second argument
did somebody make and did somebody make
this Arrowhead obviously when I don't
know no we can study the shapes and
sizes and stuff like that and why well
probably for you know some kind of
weapon but is there a designer period I
think the answer is a real clear obvious
yes there's a designer how you can look
through a telescope or a microscope
and Darwin thought a cell was just a
little glob of jelly now we have
microscopes that understand that a
single cell in your body you've got
about a hundred trillion of them
replacing a millions of millions of them
every every minute but one cell in your
body is more complex than New York City
one cell and you really think that
happened by chance with no designer from
an explosion for 4.5 1 billion years ago
I'm sorry Steve you've been duped you've
been lied to you need to get your money
back for education they lied to you this
has been the history of the world though
people have taught things that are crazy
later they find out wow that was crazy
why do we believe that and I'm telling
you it's crazy to believe in evolution
it's crazy to believe there's no
designer now we could get into another
argument of who is the designer is it
the God of the Bible or you know a God
sir but I think a God somebody way
beyond our physics made this for God to
make the world he has to be outside of
time space and matter in Genesis 1 it
says he created time space and matter in
the beginning of time God created the
heaven their space and the earth matter
and they have to come into existence in
that order if you had matter before
space where would you put it if you had
matter in space before time when would
you put it 10 words in the beginning God
created the heaven and the earth if you
can / you can overcome your hurdle and
believe that the rest is easy
God made the world it's his obligation
to tell us what do you want what do you
want out of us where his some people
don't want God's rules on their life and
so that's why they didn't I got there's
no reason to be an atheist because of
science now you may have a moral reason
to not be an atheist or sometimes
something in your life you don't want
God to change I don't know but there's
no scientific reason to reject the God
of the Bible and to reject the clear
teaching that the earth is about 6,000
years old that fits I think all the
scientific evidence that we see thank
you go ahead alright so Kent you were
just under time actually at 3 minutes
and 14 seconds all right Steve it is
your turn and as soon as you start
speaking out we'll start your 4 minutes
of time sure ok so I mean we talked
about the movement for one hour here I I
was able to find I guess it was a single
page or paper published in 1994 there
have been plenty of explanations given
for the contrary for why the moon you
know orbits that this B that it does on
this view that the moon orbited back
then I mean I guess I can read this
passage real quick
care that much about the moon according
to Kepler's laws to lower the distance
between earth and moon the less time it
takes for the moon to orbit the earth
this means that the moon orbited much
faster in ancient times if it was closer
to Earth therefore the frequency of the
tides was lower because the difference
of orbit time and the time of rotation
of the earth was lower
even if rotation was faster because the
relative time change of earth rotation
is less the BLA I I mean like there has
been a ton of studies that have studied
the age of the earth and the age of the
moon none of them have agreed on this 1
billion figure I don't know where this
came from I guess from this 1994 paper
but over the past 25 years astronomers
seem pretty confident to to assert that
the age of the moon is about similar to
the age of the earth I mean everything
else was just kind of I mean I'm a
little disappointed I guess it was just
like non sequiturs the idea that a cell
is more complicated than New York City
doesn't necessarily imply design it
doesn't even imply that it was designed
I mean like complicated things can arise
from other things from entirely natural
processes nobody has ever seen God
created human plenty of people have seen
animals create other animals or people
create other people it happens all the
time right through childbirth we don't
need a god for any of that process I
don't know why we would think we would
have ever needed one I do agree one
thing with the statement you made that
in the past we've taught things that are
absolutely crazy and later on we change
what we teach I would argue that the
difference between scientific
instruction and religious instruction is
that religious instruction has not
changed and all over the past however
many years you are religious your
particular religious ideology is old
I mean Catholics and Christians and
Jewish people and Muslims have been
teaching the same things for more or
less since the inception that religion
scientific stuff has changed and how we
taught it over the years as we gather
more evidence and we change our beliefs
and we update our beliefs to match the
evidence that we've gathered so I would
argue that continuing to move in that
direction and following what the
scientific literature tells us is
probably going to lead us to a better
understanding the universe than a very
old book written a long time ago that
hasn't changed any of it sentences in
two thousand years
okay so you were just at two minutes so
now you are going to move on to the Q&A
segment the audience Q&A segment so
James has sent me some of the questions
so I will start super chats will get
precedents because you guys have been
kind enough to support the channel and
thank you all right so I will start with
Rob plutonium at ten dollars what was
Kent's PhD thesis about and where can I
find it okay let's see Shannon you're
one of your jobs as moderators I
understand this to keep this on topic is
that on topic does that have anything to
do with the age of the earth I didn't
drop out I don't see how that matters
it's if you guys if the debaters would
prefer that it be on the debate content
we're okay with that that's what we've
done in the past so we hadn't asked you
yet so if you would prefer that we can
limit it to those I can't do so but
generally we've read Kent just to be
clear since since you've critiqued my
ability to moderate here no I've been
done in the past I think I've been quite
fair but I I really feel as though that
the people these people have paid to ask
questions because we didn't set that
precedent for them from the get-go sure
so yeah I was attempting to be fair to
the people who have paid to ask
questions and I did actually skip one
that I felt was derisive for that very
reason so I just I just want to make it
clear between you and I that I wasn't
attempting to derail the topic of the
specific debate but this is the way that
these QA days are general sure don't go
to the next guy that's absolutely fine
but I just momentum point of order to
defend myself there briefly get one that
was questionable I actually thought this
one was less relevant than the first one
it's a gray area we're sorry about that
let's see but yeah we can and I think
it's Rob Rob we can send you the chat
ones back like this I know we didn't
specify that so for the audience and
weekend you can be in touch with us
flamey-o asked he sent a super chat but
see does to Hoban does the second law of
thermodynamics apply to Yahweh if so how
is it not degraded out of existence if
not why are creations affected does the
second law of thermodynamics which means
everything is tending toward disorder
does that apply to God I'm not sure who
Yahweh is but does the God of the Bible
know apparently it does not God in the
Bible at least claims that he is eternal
he's the everlasting one he never tires
her sleeps he seems to be outside of and
beyond all of our physical limitations I
don't understand that I don't claim to I
don't need to I choose to believe that
that's why Christianity is a faith we
admit we believe certain things I
believe God is eternal he claims he's
eternal he claims that he wrote the book
and I've read the book for 50 years now
I can't find any contradictions in it
and it's changed me people's lives by
the millions around the world without
force there are some churches claiming
they believe the Bible that use force to
get people their way and apparently
that's the school Steve went to but no I
don't we don't use any force to change
people's mind but I think the the change
like might change life in 50 years ago
when I was 16 I gave my heart to the
Lord got saved I love science I've
taught science 15 years and I love
studying science and I want to know but
I think there are certain things we just
probably never gonna find out nobody to
this day knows what gravity is we know
what it does we can measure the speed of
at 9.8 meters per second or 32 feet per
second per second but we don't know what
it is give me a jar gravity and paint it
red nobody knows what it is all they do
is define what it does you don't have to
know what it is well we should keep
study and I'd like to find out but
meanwhile I'm gonna use it I'm gonna sit
on the floor or chair rather than on the
ceiling so the fact that I don't
understand all about God doesn't bother
me I've chosen to believe if he's beyond
and outside of my capabilities if he is
eternal and never gets tired and the
second law the first law
none of the laws apply to him whoa I may
be when I get to heaven I'll find out
and I'll try to relay the message
wherever you are at that time all right
thank you okay so the next one I've
skipped down to ones that were relevant
the next one is can you please name an
astronomer astronomer this is from Brian
Stevens who says that the wing is 1
billion years old is that for me again
it would be for either if either of you
have an astronomer that you can cite
that says the moon is 1 billion years
old I'm sure that would be acceptable to
Brian who is the questioner ok jihad
Touma and Jack wisdom wrote the article
evolution of the earth-moon system in
astronomical journal back November 1994
here's the reference to it and they said
page 1954 they said we got a problem the
lunar orbit collapses a billion years
ago
here are two astronomers that say look
at a problem it's a billion not 4.5 so
even I said I named two instead of one
how's that okay
certainly guys oh sorry I forgot to
mention that if we I've you I'd love to
like switch so we go back and forth all
ask the question two real quick on that
question about the astronomer so
apparently in that 1994 paper that was
published the two astronomers that did
that paper didn't say that there was a
problem they offered an alternate
explanation for why it could still be
4.5 billion years I got that paper in
the chat for anybody to go through if
they want to actually go through and
read I don't know time to dig through
this is very heavy reading but they are
they offer their explanation for really
related to tides and whatnot for Y and
then a ton of scientific equations as
well for why the moon can be the age
that it is it doesn't say that it's a
huge problem
yeah thanks book both of you and then
the prince of dreams you see we'll be in
touch we refund you for that you said
dr. Hogan do you have to account for or
a doctor do you you have to you have to
account or where the moon originally
form so I think that's for Kent okay I
would say based on the observed
scientific evidence that the moon is
leaving us the moon must have been
formed I don't pick a number 20 or 30 or
40 miles closer it has been receding for
the last six thousand years and it's no
big deal
if someone wants to believe it's
billions of years old they've got a
problem not me
we know the moon is receding that's
observable we know some of the reasons
why those are observable the lunar tide
on the earth and the mentioned that the
Coriolis effect the internal friction
with the liquid magma core so we know if
you go back and bring the moon closer
the tides are higher which greatly
exaggerated s-- the problem slowing the
earth down even more with higher tides
because back to the inverse square law
see I don't have a problem with the fact
that the moon is leaving it fits
perfectly in the creation period that
the whole thing only six thousand years
old I can see a car get the tire slowly
wearing out okay that means I could
probably calculate approximately when
they were bought brand-new if I knew has
it always been driven the same number of
miles per year over the same roads and
same kind of drivers driving styles but
I is leaving us that's even steven
agreed with that so I don't understand
how this is a problem it it is only a
problem for those who would like to
believe capital B believe that there at
this 4.5 billion years old you cannot
possibly know the earth is 4.5 billion
years old the oldest recorded history we
have is just a few thousand years so
anything else is really taken on faith
you believe that the earth is billions
of years old that's not science it's a
religion you'll never admit that but it
is a religion ok gotcha
thanks so much Shannon I think forgiving
you is it you had the next question yeah
I believe so so this one is actually a
statement and it's from Brian Stevens
but it is relevant he said destiny is
correct
the mathematician T J torna corrects the
equations I'm sure we could contact him
today to see if you thinks the moon is 1
billion years old follow-up to that
where he said no we're in the diff
different equations differential
equations do they mention inverse square
yeah yeah orbital mechanics of like how
the moon and the earth relate so we're
sure there are probably a lot more
complicated than just the inverse square
law I'm sure there's a lot of stuff in a
nonlinear fashion that changes over time
that impacts the weather these two
pretty massive gravitational bodies
interact with one another when I hold on
the inverse square law is very simple it
applies to anything to objects that are
attracted it flies to light how many
lumens are being put off by a light my
dad's electrical engineering design
building for caterpillar tractors yeah
but the inverse square law would be like
very powerful if we were trying to
describe two objects two objects that
were stationary maybe and how they
impact one another but as soon as we
start with things that are orbiting one
another and then we change one of those
bodies like pretty dramatically
throughout history so for instance the
tides on the planet change the
arrangement of the continents on the
planet Earth have changed once you start
making these sorts of changes and then
you start rotating one of these bodies
as well things become a lot more
complicated than just saying inverse
square law I don't even know if the
inverse square law has as much of an
impact on this as any other of these
forces and yes I struck a nerve here so
if they're moving on the planet which
they probably are I don't argue that
that's gonna make the problem worse
because any movement on the earth is
going to take away energy if the
continents are moving if the tides are
going up and down being pulled up and
down and then just is very simple light
magnetism and gravity are directly
proportional to the inverse square law
you can google it it's simple freshmen
high school physics stuff that the force
of attraction is inversely proportional
to the square of the distance between
them now it's true the physics on the
planet like the movement of the tides up
and down and the movement of the
confidence those would change the spin
of the earth which may affect the rate
of recession but it doesn't affect the
inverse square law anymore that affects
the gravity yeah but we don't know
what's in attacking a dragon you're
saying 32 feet per second per second but
we're looking at the change of the moon
moving away from the earth so according
to a paper published in 1976 the
magnitude of tidal friction depends on
the arrangement of the continents in the
past the continents were arranged such
that tidal friction unless the rates of
Earth's slowing and the moon's
recessions would have been less the
Earth's rotation has slowed at a rate of
2
seconds every 100,000 years so it's
possible that the arrangement of the
continents themselves might have
impacted the way that the oceans were
which would have been the way that the
tidal force has impacted the moon right
because tidal forces require an
accumulation of large bodies of water
and arranged in the continents in
different manners might have changed the
rate at which the moon moved away from
the earth I mean this is really heavy
physics it's not as easy as just saying
inverse square law like this is so much
more complicated than that what was the
date on that paper this was a 1976 paper
published sure I don't know Francis I'm
AIChE R yeah Wow okay that's interesting
I love to study if you've got some proof
I would go back to my root initial
statement hour ago and say even if the
earth is billions of years old that
doesn't help anything for the evolution
theory that's this is just the first
hurdle you guys have to overcome weight
will happen this is only very reasonable
yeah well this is only talking about um
I mean this is only talking about young
earth but for evolution I mean you've
already made arguments in favor of
evolution I was under the impression
that you believed in evolution well
depends what you mean by evolution I
think dogs and wolves may have a common
ancestor I don't think dogs and
mosquitoes have a covenant well if you
believe that dogs and wolves have a
common ancestor then you believe in
evolution we wouldn't disagree there no
that's not evolution that's a variation
of the same kind of animal yeah my
variation and genetic traits passed from
one animal to the next that causes
measurable and observed every type of
evolution so you believe in evolution
well the genetic traits that are passed
on are usually it's a loss of
information you have any examples where
any animal has gained information that's
been productive I can't really sing like
that you all are completely useless
knowing somebody bred out of the dog
gene pool so you so you think that every
what you think you think that every
single new dog that is bred has lost
information from like a previous dog I
asked you do you know of any examples
where there's been a gain of information
I mean mutations along genes can can
produce new genes and new genetic
combinations I don't understand what the
question is they can produce new genetic
combinations and can they produce new
information
what do you information law well could a
dog eventually grow wings and be able to
fly he could catch his prey faster that
way um the over long periods of time
here
a cliche it could happen yeah that'd be
something would that be a statement that
you're saying that a scientific or that
is religious or faith-based you believe
it could happen as it been observed has
anybody ever observed a dog produce a
non dog no but that's not consistent
with how we believe evolution works well
that's my point
what we observe which is what science is
all about observation experimentation
testing all the tests all the
experiments all the observations says
dogs produce dogs cows produce couch if
you want to believe it was different if
you go back in time which we can't go
back in time that's your belief it's
your religion it's that you have a
religious belief that dogs and
mosquitoes are related if you go back
billions of year I don't who taught you
that but you need to get your money back
do you believe I do you thought this
would be a quick chance to respond and
then I forgive me I just take try to get
through as many courses as possible
yeah I'm sorry there's like a lot of
weird like semantic games that are being
played here when you talk about like
gaining information I'm not entirely
sure what definition of information
talking about I mean there are mutations
that occur along genes that allow them
to duplicate strands of DNA that if that
counts as adding information then of
course that comes as information using
using this word belief is kind of like
is a pretty common tactic I think by a
lot of religious people so like I
believe in evolution the same way that
you believe in God but that's not really
true I believe for instance that if I go
downstairs my car is still gonna be
parked in the garage I don't 100% know
that but I'm basing that on prior
observations I've made and because I
have a model of the universe that seems
to work for me which is see something
somewhere I believe that when I go back
to it I'll find it again I don't think
that all beliefs are equal and I think
it's really disingenuous to try to claim
that all beliefs are equal just because
I believe in something that has been
affirmed time and time again by a
scientific model that has also been
affirmed by hundreds of other or
thousands of other peer-reviewed
scientists doesn't mean that it's the
same type of belief as I believe there
is a unicorn flying around the asteroid
belt somewhere next we appreciate and we
appreciate your super chats I'm trying
to catch all these for Dave Gallup or
just because I'm trying to see if
they're kind of coherent a bit like with
each other I have a I have a quick
question while you're compiling those to
send over so this question is
specifically on the topic and I think it
was what I think that and the reason I'm
asking is because I think it more
succinctly gets to what does
and he was attempting to ask earlier so
my question would be for Kent and it's a
kind of a paraphrase of one of destiny's
earlier points the question that I'm not
sure was addressed by destiny was
without appealing specifically to the
Bible or using a refutation to existing
science what is the single best piece of
evidence that you have that the earth is
specifically six thousand years old
which would not allow you to appeal to
the moon because that at the least would
put it at 1 billion so do you have one
specific piece of independent evidence
without using the Bible or without just
refuting existing science that you would
say proves the earth is 6,000 years old
is this a point for the audience Qian no
no that's what that was me paraphrasing
what a phase while you were compiling
them let's if you're ok with it just
says moderators if we can just let the
audience ask that would be if you don't
want the question s and Shannon you can
do the next debate call my secretary to
schedule I'm sure please do 855 big Dino
extension - ok let's see I want to just
get through as many questions as
possible since it's been asked Kent if
you want to give her a response you can
otherwise I'm okay with just trying to
squeeze in assume the audience that we
got well the largest desert in the world
is the Sahara Desert there's an area
south of the Sahara called the Sahil
where creatures and people are dying
like crazy because this arid desert is
expanding this has been known for quite
a while
Sahara Desert is about 1300 miles north
to south it is expanding the pot
standing and Institute for climate
impact in Germany back in 99 did an
article and said the Sahara Desert is
about four thousand years old well some
people say oh it might be six thousand
years old okay the point is it's not
millions
so the Sahara Desert used to be green
and lush and then humans should they're
blaming it on humans of course in
popular science but I think everybody
agrees the Sahara Desert is growing and
the Sahara Desert has that puts a time
limit for when it started now that they
will argue doesn't argue for the age of
the earth and I understand but it why
isn't there a desert that's bigger than
that why 4000 or 6000 why not millions
we see this grow there they're gonna
have to say well there might you don't
know
the rate has been the same which is
exactly what I say about carbon dating
do we have to if you look at the
observation of what we see it's
expanding it is out less than four
thousand years old or less than six
thousand years old that fits perfectly
with what the Bible teaches the very
best evidence for the earth being six
thousand years old is the Bible that's
what it claims it's never been refuted I
don't think you can prove anything above
six thousand years without some very
obvious assumptions so I could get it in
my video number one I cover about 40 or
50 different ways to show this earth is
not billions of years old
the oil pressure the human population
growth rate for heaven's sake there's
only seven point four billion people on
the planet which could have come from
eight people just four or five thousand
years ago at normal population growth so
I could give you many scientific
evidences that indicate less than less
than ten thousand and I've got another
hour I can give them all here just watch
video number one on seminar one the age
of the earth on dr. Dino calm I I don't
know what the age of the Sahara doesn't
has to do with the age of the planet
like there are plenty of things on the
planet better less than like just
because the the planet is 4.5 billion
years old doesn't mean that like like
that would be like going outside and I
see like a tree or I see like a field of
grass and like well this field of grass
is only 200 years old therefore like
that's a total non sequitur it's totally
irrational well that's why I pointed out
there are many indicators scientific and
scriptural and Lit and literary the
oldest writings the oldest books the
population of the earth the oil pressure
down in the ground
you drill down and you get pressured
that's way above the weight of
overbearing rock why is there still oil
pressure it should have cracked the rock
it's up to 20,000 psi because
technically it's constantly recycle
themselves this is part of the movement
of the earth if you live on the west
coast in California you felt these
tectonic plates move we have earthquakes
all the time I lived out there yeah so I
mean this isn't that mysterious well it
is just an indicator that all the oil
pressure could have been formed from oil
that was formed because of Noah's Flood
from people being buried 4,400 years ago
people and animals being buried it fits
perfectly what the Bible says that's not
proof the Bible's true but it's
certainly not any proof against the
Bible I'm
in fact we have oil pressure above the
weight of overbearing rock and the fact
that the moon is leaving us and the fact
that Saharan desert less than 6,000
years old these are all coins in the box
that indicate hey maybe it's less than
6000 years old it certainly could be
there's no scientific reason to prove
more than 6,000 years what is the best
evidence you would have for more than
6,000 well so before we get into that I
mean it feels like we're basically
trying to collect like pieces of
evidence that we feel like we that agree
with us like I so I go to your body and
I snip off a piece of hair and I say
well this hair can't possibly be more
than five years old or I imagine you
probably get your hair cut more often
than that this hair can't be older than
a few months old I take some fingernail
clippings and I say oh well these
fingernails can't be more than you know
maybe a week or two old if that you know
I scrape off you know a whole bunch of
cells and random spots your body I go
well look how new these are well look
look look look look look look I mean you
can play that with the earth all day
long I mean there's tons of things on
this planet they're gonna be newer
features but there are also things that
we've pretty accurately dated back like
billions of years I don't understand the
obsession with only finding and focusing
on the new things and so that disproves
the older stuff we found it seems to
hearken back to that really irrational
analogy that we use for finding coins on
a boat where we keep saying oh well if
we found a coin you know that was from
1960 and there are other coins you know
from 1700 we know that the boat sank in
1960 but you're ignoring the fact that
even in the mountain ala G you're saying
that the planet existed in the original
year that the oldest coin was found like
even that that even that very analogy
taken to its logical end seems to
disprove your entire argument oh this is
what I said at the very beginning in the
opening moments of this discussion or
debate this issue of time is the
pacifier for the evolutionist you have
to have billions why do we keep saying
evolutionist we're talking about the
planet when I talk about evolution I
know that's a totally different thing
those those who want to believe that
there is no God or they want to believe
we got here by chance or they want to
believe the earth is billions of years
old to account for all the changes to
turn a mosquito and to make a dog and a
mosquito related that's what this is
really what it really is about rejection
of God they don't like the idea that God
created everything and and he designed
it and there's they might have some
rules like thou shalt not they don't
like those rules so I think there are
many indicators that say the earth
cannot mean billions of years old I'll
just show you suggest for one that shows
6,000 I'll get my slides up here
the population of the earth today is
about seven point four billion and
increasing as they're making more kids
all the time but if you look at the
population at the time of Jesus Christ
the Earth's population was about one
quarter of a billion there were surveys
done you know Pilate Jesus was born in
Bethlehem because of a census you know
they had to count their people so
they've always been counting their
people to see how much tax to charge and
all this kind of stuff but the
population of the earth if I can get the
right slides here indicates at the near
1800's just 200 years ago the entire
world's population was 1 billion we've
gone from 1 billion to force seven point
four billion just in two hundred years
when you look at the pan you graph it
out look at the population growth I
can't find the slide quickly here but I
do this on video number one the
population growth indicates man's been
here for less than forty five hundred
years you can easily account for the
population of the earth today in forty
five hundred years so if men had been
here for millions of years why wouldn't
there be more people so again we're
making this other many indications yeah
so we're making the same mistake of it
with the moon thing where we keep
assuming that population growth is
linear it's not I mean if we you know if
you know anything about derivatives and
we study a little bit up about the rate
of change so not not how much is
changing but how quick is the rate of
change itself changing right we can look
at like for instance if you google right
now we could Google birth rate United
States and we could bring up and we
could see that oh well these countries
have actually given birth to different
amounts of people over different time
periods you know if you see the
population at 1 million and next year
it's 2 million that doesn't mean the
next year is gonna be 4 8 16 32 64 right
population growth could slow it could
you know a band wane I think that's a
phrase you know based on different
things going on in the planet you know
there are giant plagues that make people
sick different countries reach
industrialized periods where they have
less children you know there's great
migrations great Wars there's a million
different things that could cause the
population of a planet to change you
would never look at a population growth
and try to date the earth using that
because population growth is more of an
anthropological or sociological
phenomenon than anything relating to
geology or any of the scientific
disciplines of study the age of the
earth these are two totally disconnected
things also this idea that like I don't
lie
this theological argument that we're
making because there's no possible
reason why you would have to subscribe
to young Earth Creationism to believe
that God demands a 6,000 year old earth
that's just absolutely not true we could
absolutely for instance believe that
everything has been divinely created by
God himself but God didn't create man
God created the evolutionary process
that spawned man there's no reason not
to believe that God could have very much
set in motion at the beginning of the
universe the clock that would eventually
lead to the creation of mankind maybe
even lead to stories like Genesis we
could also believe for instance that the
earlier Bible was written in more of a
metaphorical sense of 6 days doesn't
necessarily equate to six days of
mankind's time right six days in God's
time could could be lifetime's or
universe is worth of time you know for
normal people I don't think that
theology demands you turn your back on
science in fact there are many
scientists today that believe in
evolution that believe in the age of the
earth and they believe in all of these
scientific concepts that are also very
religious and yeah the idea that God
demands that you believe it or
subscribed to some 6,000 year old earth
I think betrays maybe even the power
that you would profess that God himself
has well the topic of the debate was
supposed to be what is the evidence for
the young earth and I've pointed out a
6,000 is not young there's plenty of
time to account for everything but there
is lots of evidence it's not billions
population growth chart the United
Nations put the chart together I've got
said I got is Google what population of
the earth in the past
it shows rapid increase in the last 200
years
I agree many things affect this I agree
there can be plagues but even taking
that all into consideration the United
Nations Population Chart and we call it
up there here populate population
prospects from 2004 United Nations
Population prospects 2004 revised and
again this is the population that this
is they this is the observed population
of the earth at different times to
history it indicates man could have
easily started from 8 people getting off
a Noah's Ark 4,500 years ago and created
seven point four billion people it's not
a problem for me if you want to imagine
a very tiny population of a few hundred
thousand people going on for millions of
years because nobody figured out how to
make babies you can imagine that if
you'd like but I think they would have
figured it out pretty quickly
I mean we I these I I'm not I don't
really know what to say these things
have nothing to do with one another it's
this is just a total nutter on the
population on the planet just has
nothing to do with the age of the earth
i'm so for instance right now we believe
that the population of this planet the
thirteenth billionth human will probably
never be born right people are
extrapolating based on birth rates in
Africa and South America that the
population is probably gonna taper off
somewhere in the 12 billion range for
people so let's say for instance we go a
hundred years into the future and we've
had 12 billion people forever you know
for hundreds of years would somebody
like you look back and go oh well look I
would argue that there has always been
12 billion people or that the earth is
only 200 years old because our
population hasn't changed at all since
then I'm not even trying to respond like
it's just a total non sequitur nobody
would ever try to date anything
geological using the existence of a
biological organism I mean like did the
earth stop existing when the dinosaur
stopped existing or did we try to date
or measure geological formations based
on the population of certain animals and
the sea or sky it just doesn't make
sense as a total non sequitur good I
know that you had a response Kent I'm
sorry to do this yeah but we have to
just try to get some more questions as
quick as we can
oh really can you give him because you
giving me the last word I think the last
two you can given the last word on that
one and then we can do the next one a
few if you're okay with that okay you
bet go hey Ken I know you got a got a
round in the chamber ready to go so good
response I didn't follow as he's saying
he wants me to have the last word on
that one yeah the last word in my last
tuna so yeah well well I'm just pointing
out that the Bible clearly teaches the
eight people survived a global flood of
which there are now 330 surviving flood
legends that have been found for having
that at our boot camp next month come on
down to boot camp on dr. Dino calm but
the population of eight people getting
off the arc starting producing children
could easily produce what we currently
have now does that prove the earth is
billions of years old oh of course not
but it's an indication of one of many
indicators like any detective at a crime
scene would say this clue who needs to
be put into the formula wow the moon is
moving away the planets are cooling off
they don't know no way to get heat other
than the Sun how on earth can these and
gravitational collapse
how can these planets still be giving
off heat for billions of year
how can then galaxies be spinning in
different directions at different speeds
and the galaxies
so you put together all the evidence and
I think you come to the conclusion it's
much simpler to say this is not billions
of years old it just can't be and again
even with billions that's not gonna help
the evolution theory but you can't even
have the billions it's taking the
pacifier away from the baby I'm aware of
that but okay thank you for the last
word but all right Kent so the next
question that we have from the live chat
and we're running low on time is from it
looks like a dying and I'm pretty sure I
know the answer to this question and it
is does can't believe in dinosaurs oh
that is my favorite topic our website is
dr. Dino dot-com my phone number is 855
big Dino yes
dinosaurs were just giant reptiles that
lived with Adam and Eve in the Garden of
Eden
the Bible says before the flood came the
people lived to be 900 while reptiles
and kangaroos and a few other animals
never stopped growing
if an animal could live that never stops
growing could live to be 900 they would
get really really big so we're finding
the skeletons of these dinosaurs all
over the world including Antarctica and
the near the North Pole in northern
Alaska they're finding these dinosaur
skeletons because of Noah's Flood
dinosaurs always lived with man they
probably had a different name for him
since the name dinosaur wasn't made up
till 1841 by Sir Richard Owen but all
through history they call them dragons
or some name similar to that they're
mentioned in the Bible they've always
lived with men there are thousands of
examples of people killing dinosaurs or
dragons by ancient artwork ancient
stories and lots of stuff watch my video
number three about dinosaurs and the
Bible yes absolute there could even be
some still alive I've never seen one but
I've interviewed a hundred people to
claim they have seemed like pterodactyls
seem to still be alive in a few parts of
the world
Apatosaurus in the Congo swamp in Africa
Loch Ness monster we have 11,000 people
claiming they've seen a plesiosaur some
may be hoaxes or frauds I'm sure but at
eleven thousand people claim they've
seen something maybe they've seen
something so I think the evidence would
be better look at this but see because
that goes against the evolution teaching
that they've been gone for 70 million
year if they caught I make a prediction
it's somebody caught the Loch Ness
monster and it turned out to be a
plesiosaur
something that happened and they
in the London Zoo they would put a sign
at the bottom and say look at this boys
and girls this one survived for 65
million years
the thought will never cross their brain
that maybe my whole theory is stupid and
the whole theory is stupid dinosaurs did
not live millions of years ago they
lived with man could be if you're still
alive I don't know we'll see okay
alright so James did you want the next
question if not I can move to the last
one that you sent me I've got let's see
was it the ones from Dave dalla for I
haven't seen those ones yet this one was
from Terry James in regard to the last
question I would say that it's very
peculiar that with the advent of cell
phone technology it seems like
reporting's of like the Loch Ness
monster and whatnot have significantly
decreased I think that's very
interesting but or maybe it died all the
dinosaurs died as soon as cell phone
cameras were invented but all right so
this one is from Terry James and it is
Kent
do you believe and this is relevant
because evolution was brought up
multiple times Kent do you believe that
a bulldog came from a non bulldog I
think a bulldog is still in the dog kind
now we've decided to divide the dog
family up into the 339 recognized breeds
of dogs
so yes the bulldog would have come from
something other than bulldog the bulldog
is too fine of a division it did not
come from anything that was non dog but
certainly people develop new breeds and
give it new names all the time that's
still the same kind see the Bible says
ten times in the first chapter and ten
times more in the flood story twenty
times in seven chapters the Bible says
they'll bring forth after their kind so
no the Bulldog did not come from
anything that was a different kind now
ask your person to ask that question do
they believe Bulldogs and mosquitoes are
related if they believe in evolution
they'll have to say yes now that would
be a different kind if an amoeba turned
into a bulldog over Billy
it is trillions of year it has to gain
new information wherein the gene code of
the amoeba is the information to build a
skeleton or a or hair or eyes or ears or
the snip
systems in a human body in order to go
from an amoeba to a human you have to
add trillions of bits of information
there it has never been observed that's
not science
evolution is a fairy tale for grownups
and it's sad that so many believe that
but that's why our ministry is here
we're here to help we can get them all
straightened out don't call me I'll
straighten them out okay okay I know how
hard it's hard it is for me to not say
things but James go holy non-partisan
that's your response yeah so in case
people don't actually know right so the
way that evolutionary like the way that
evolution works is for large changes to
occur it's usually like incremental
changes over long periods of time so for
instance an animal with no backbone
won't suddenly have a backbone you know
they don't develop like an entire spine
overnight what would happen most likely
is there would be small incremental
changes that might allow it to stand
upright a little bit or that might allow
it to perk up a little bit that would
pass on some sort of evolutionary
advantage that would allow it to breed
or outbreed things that don't possess
that genetic trait and then over a long
long long periods of time we would
expect to see these changes accrue in
such a way that um that eventually you
would have animals that are highly
different different differentiated from
one another I mean like we have observed
increased genetic variation of
populations we have observed increase in
genetic material we've observed in a
creation of new genetic material and
we've seen newly genetically regulated
abilities these have all been like
published in the scientific literature
it's not a mystery it's not like a it's
not like something that has never been
seen before it's a huge response in
science that's been waited for these are
all things that are pretty well
understood and aren't really
controversial to any scientists and
actually spends time like researching or
publishing stuff like this guys yeah
thanks so much both speakers and click
I'm gonna try to run through I tried to
let everybody know in the live chat we
can't take any more questions you got so
many awesome questions and super chats
it's ugly and so we can't even read any
new super chats just for the sake of
time because sometimes it's uh basically
we're already over time the debaters
have been super patient
so one adjust if I can squeeze these
last ones in they're related and these
were asked pretty early Dave dalla for
thanks for super chats we appreciate it
let's see
one is yes how do we carbon date a
freshly killed seal I think that's for
Kent I think that's on that the critique
that you gave on carbon dating well
anything that contains carbon should be
able to be carbon dated anything that is
alive or was alive that would include
plants or animals carbon-14 enters
because of the sunlight striking
nitrogen creating carbon-14 in the
atmosphere about twenty-one pounds of
carbon-14 is created every year
worldwide so the state of Alabama Riley
probably gets you know fifty molecules
over per day not much plants are
constantly breathing in this carbon
dioxide some of which is radioactive a
very small amount point zero zero zero
zero seven sixty five percent
radioactive carbon is the current amount
in the atmosphere now has it always been
that who knows they know many things
cause this to fluctuate up and down so
what an animal dies I'm sorry when the
plant dies it stops taking in c14 when
the animal eats it the radioactive c14
gets into the animal so in theory living
plants and animals should have the same
amount of c14 in them that the
atmosphere does right now okay so when
it's dead you should be able to date a
freshly killed seal or anything and find
it would be zero years old I challenge
against even you or anybody else get a
sample let's go ahead and go to the vet
and let's find some dog they euthanize
and let's take cut it up into five
pieces and send five different
laboratories with no other information
other than ask them the question how old
is it and they're gonna try to get you
to give a bunch of information so they
can bracket it down based on what they
want it to be based on the evolution
theory but a completely blind test with
five laboratories state dinner on the
line here for both of you Shannon you
two they will get five different numbers
and they will not be the same and they
will not be close to zero because it
carbon dating doesn't work
none of the dating methods work they're
based on simple obvious freshman law
student assumptions what was the amount
in it when it died has it always decayed
at the same rate has there been any
contamination you admitted there
be fluctuations in the moon you're
frantically trying to answer the moon
question not realizing you're also
answering the carbon-dating question it
doesn't work there are too many things
that fluctuate back and forth you can't
use it to be reliable I'm sorry it
doesn't work so no one is no one is like
trying really hard to answer the moon
question I'm pretty sure that's just
established I think it's taken for
granted now um again I'd point you to
the study two years ago where they
pretty much narrowed in on that 4.5 1
billion year age for the moon based on
the dating that they'd done from pieces
that were brought back and one of the
Apollo missions so related to the seal
thing so I'm just gonna read a passage
here this is a whelmed this is the
well-known reservoir effect that occurs
also with mollusks and other animals at
live in the water it happens when old
carbon is introduced into the water in
the above case of the seal old carbon
dioxide is present within deep ocean
bottom water that has been circulating
through the ocean for thousands of years
were upwelling along the Antarctic coast
the seals feed off of animals that live
in nutrient-rich upwelling zones the
water that has upwelling has been
traveling along the bottom for a few
thousand years pore servicing the carbon
dioxide in it came from the atmosphere
before the water sink thus the carbon in
the sea water is a couple thousand years
old from when it was in the atmosphere
and it's radio carbon content reflects
this time plants incorporate this old
carbon in them as they grow animals
leave the plants seals eat the animals
on the old carbon from the bottom waters
is passed through the food chain as a
result of the radio carbon content
reflects a mixture of old radio carbon
which is thousands of years old and
contemporary Asst radio carbon from the
atmosphere the result is an apparent age
that differs from the true age of the co
the reservoir effect is well known by
scientists who work hard to understand
the limitation of their tools is
explained for example in two different I
can't pronounce this guy's name but in
the 1986 everybody far faire and Hickman
or in height - I don't know everyone's
name contrary to creationist propaganda
limitations of a tool do not invalidate
the tool so again pointing out like an
issue or an error or a possibility of
contamination doesn't mean all of a
sudden that we throw out the entire
validity of using the tool just because
in some edge cases that tool might not
give us an accurate answer although in
this case I would argue that it actually
does give you an accurate answer you're
just not radiocarbon dating the animal
itself your radiocarbon dating the water
that has or the oil that's been passed
along the surface of the ocean that has
been brought up via you know this chain
of how things eat each other but again
just because there are some issues with
a tool doesn't mean you throw the entire
tool out completely it just means that
you refine your tool and you understand
the limitations of said tool and you
continue to use it in areas where it's
appropriate to
thank you Eric you're obviously very
excited about all this calm down for a
minute I think if you're saying that
you're admitting of course that there
can be reservoirs of a different amount
of carbon deep in the ocean that could
be brought up by currents and the seal
happen to drink the wrong kind of water
therefore it got contaminated I think
you're admitting my point Stephen that
you cannot trust carbon dating you
cannot because there are too many things
that can influence it and thank you I
appreciate that
so also if that's Steve excited why he's
excited right at the heart of the issue
if there's a god we might have some
rules to follow
you we keep trying to make these moral
arguments of these theological arguments
but I don't think they agree with you
whatsoever I think it was fully possible
you could believe in a God that both
gives us moral rules and a God that has
created a 14 billion year old universe
why do you think that God isn't powerful
enough or knowledgeable enough to create
a universe that is 14 billion years old
and still be able to give us something
like the Ten Commandments I don't
understand why this is impossible to you
Oh God can certainly do it in fourteen
billion years if he wants it doesn't
matter but the God who can create the
world can also write a book and tell us
how he did it and the book says 6,000
but the book doesn't say 6,000 yeah you
use a lot of life you've got to use a
lot of different passages to get there
nowhere in the book of Genesis does it
say explicitly that one day there is the
same day as it would be for men it also
doesn't explicitly say that God created
the universe in 6,000 years you have to
rely on a modern interpretation of
probably translated texts even in order
to get to that 6,000 year figure I just
don't understand why you think it's
impossible that God could pass us down
moral imperatives and also create a
universe that's almost 14 billion years
old I think you could absolutely do both
just have to mention a quick two-minute
warning I know that Kent your contact
mentioned that you have to go pretty
quick so I just want to let you know
like two minutes and we should really
wrap up and thank you guys for being so
patient and longer than the promised
hour 15 minutes well I pointed out at
the beginning that the Bible dates do
clearly add up to about 4000 BC I mean
you can read Genesis 5 jesus said the
creation of Adam was the beginning
that's the Bible clearly teaches man
brought
death into the world nothing died before
Adam sinned nothing died
I'm curious great theological question
of you know what happens when we die if
is there a god
if there's no God Savior there's nothing
to worry about if if there's no God I
have nothing to worry about I've lived a
wonderful life I enjoy my life I enjoy
living
I enjoy my teaching I enjoy dinosaur
venture land in Lenox Alabama I'm having
a wonderful time and I'm going to heaven
when I die if it turns out it's not true
when I go to the grave and rot okay I
still had a wonderful time I enjoyed it
it's a win-win it's Pascal's wager of
course but I think you're in a win-lose
situation here I want to think about
that question oh I'm sorry I keep on
question we with that I think that if
you want to give like a last like
goodbye you could say well probably wrap
up just because we want to say thanks
for everybody being patient as it's been
a wild one it's been exciting though
it's been immensely interesting so yeah
if you have anything destiny otherwise
we can wrap her up no I think I'm good I
mean I still feel like I didn't get any
evidence I was kind of hoping that I
could kind of tear through some evidence
for the positive case it's always harder
to defend a positive than it is to just
kind of critique to critique another
person's positive and I feel like
somehow I got roped into defending
pretty obscure you know physics
equations and went on here I think will
be really interesting sometime to hear
the evidence for a 6,000 year old earth
rather rather than correctly pointing
out the limitations of some of the tools
that we not only use but scientists
acknowledge have limitations to measure
some of the things we have on earth
today but maybe for another day maybe
who knows maybe around 2:00 or something
we've been joining any time any time and
thank you shannon stand-ins had a hard
job today because basically i need to do
a better job of letting people know like
hey we're gonna let the audience know
that we'll only read questions that are
relevant to the topic stuff like that
that i just want to say thanks to her
help she anand and she is linked now in
the description as well
in addition to the two speakers so thank
you guys for being here we also want to
just mention today is a crazy day we are
excited we have two scholars dr. Michael
Brown is going to debate dr. Josh from
the channel of digital Hammurabi that's
today that's at 6:00 p.m. Eastern
Standard Time today and it's going to be
epic so it's gonna get a lot of fun
hopefully I will see you there and
otherwise just want to mention again
that we really appreciate our debaters
coming on today we really appreciate
both destiny or Steven and Kent being
willing to stay longer as well so with
that we hope everybody takes care and
has a great day thanks for stopping by
and keep sifting out the reasonable from
the unreasonable thank you for having us
yeah thanks for having me thank you guys
for coming here it's been a total
pleasure and I didn't know that you guys
went along so I appreciate that I
there's anything I can do for you please
let me know because it was a wild one
today but hopefully you guys enjoyed it
I had a blast please come down to visit
dinosaur Adventureland
Shannon Steve come down I'll give you a
tour you can ask any questions that we
want and now take your or two around the
place I think you'll enjoy our creation
based dinosaur Adventureland I mean Nova
Scotia Canada though it's a bit of a
haul for me keep in mind if I remember
the opportunity I will take you up on
that Kent I'll be there okay you're on
alright thank you Sam thanks so much
that was a wild one Shannon I'm
seriously sorry I guess I what to ask
James because there was a list of
questions that weren't pertaining to the
topic I was told not to ask questions
that didn't pertain at the topic so I
improvised and asked two questions I'm
sorry I was just gonna be staring
blankly into space I know you're right
to be honest it was just that I could
tell that can to a suspicious of you
from the start I don't like hair I just
I just wanted him to know that like that
I was trying to keep it as fair as
possible and that you didn't have even
though he's a what alternative would you
have proposed to me in that situation so
you didn't do anything wrong you did
everything you were
irrational and kind and that's why I
felt kind of bad for like asking you
like in front of people if you'd be
willing to not do that so I'm sorry I
had an alternative I would have chosen
the altar anything wrong I'm sorry
I'm non ously kind of learning as they
go but Stevens thanks so much we
appreciate it and I hope you uh is
definitely Kent Hovind is a character I
think it reminded me of your discussion
that I watched with Jesse Lee Peterson
that Steven where it's like you don't
know them you don't know if the person
is trolling sometimes I think Kent I
think is like trolling I don't I don't
know it's hard to tell if he argues in
good faith or bad faith I don't know
it's I don't know I mean laying in that
old and you've been religious for that
long I mean it's really hard to let go
of it I mean even at my age I guess if I
was thirty and I'd been religious the
whole time I it would probably be pretty
hard to let go of your religion you'd
basically have to admit that everything
you've done in your entire life has been
ideologically ungrounded so I mean that
would be pretty tough for a lot of
people to do anything he also runs a
compound where people live and almost
cult-like status no that's so yeah he's
fully invested uh it was very nice to
meet you Steven I haven't met you before
so I appreciate it and I do have to run
I actually have an event that I have to
go to so it was a pleasure James we're
good I'm sorry I didn't tell you and
better and that it was just kind of it
was a hard thing of like debates are
never easy and never without a bump so
that's what makes them fascinating and
interesting and that's why I always
enjoy them so it was nice to meet you
Steven and as always it's a pleasure
James I'm sorry I have to hop off and
hopefully I will see you both again see
you later
all right hi guys hey Zack take care
have a great time Steven yep spend some
time man I'll see you later all right
boy you started doing really well
towards the middle how to debate the
obscure like orbital mechanics physics
of the moon like I don't know I mean I
feel like we did really well towards
like the middle towards the middle in
the end I think was like really good
getting like super hung up on the moon I
think was maybe a mistake we make sure
moved on a little quicker from that
topic the I'm pretty sure the the only
thing the inverse-square law is is that
like if you have something that
originates from a point as you move
farther away it becomes like
exponentially less impactful so like if
you have a beam of light here and you
move like twice as far away it's like 2
times 2 well that's a bad example
because it's 2 but like if you move like
3 times away or whatever it becomes like
exponentially less bright not just three
times less bright but like to the power
whatever oh [ __ ] sorry you're fine there
you go yeah 2 times 2 is 2 you know you
know I'm in but like yeah so like this
is really relevant when you're talking
about things like lighting or when
you're talking about things like like
gravitational fields right because like
a gravitational field is more intense
but then it radiates outwards and
becomes less intense but when it comes
to things like orbiting the planet
there's a lot more that impacts that
than just the inverse square law in fact
I don't even know I don't even know if
the inverse square law has much to do
with spoil are not spoil as [ __ ] has
much to do with orbits I'm not sure what
I have to think about it I guess it
probably does right if you're orbiting a
really massive body at some given speed
the more gravity of the body has
probably the more Delta V you would need
to change your orbit I guess is how it
would impact it probably inverse square
law doesn't work for closed orbital
mechanics yeah I just I don't think it
would um I don't think it would be
relevant to to the change in how the
moon leaves the planet because there's
so much else going on related to tidal
forces and their changing earth he kept
doing the two-body problem perfect
sphere [ __ ] that simply isn't valid in
real cases yeah like if his thing if he
was just talking about two bodies that
were like stationary or one was warbling
the other and there was no change
between either of these bodies or impact
from anywhere else than you know I'm
also not sure if Jupiter impacts like
moon and Earth stuff as well I think
isn't Jupiter like so [ __ ] huge that
like every calculation you do like on
our star system you kind of have to
for where Jupiter is and everything cuz
it [ __ ] the thing to like yeah yeah I
don't know there's like or like all of
that [ __ ] in space is like those
calculations are very very complicated
and highly like interdependent on a
whole bunch of other things so and I
don't know I don't know why I was
getting scared about talking about his
dissertation did he drop out oh he's
actually he actually won't release it
wait where is it oh but I found it
Kent Hovind is a well-known young earth
biblical creationist and such the
strength of his dissertation as a broad
interest according to our own source
contrary to accepted practices in
academia where doctoral dissertations
are available to the public
Kent Hovind along with his alma mater
Patriot Bible University has
consistently refused to allow his
dissertation to be offered for public
reprint or scholarly and Corey that's
cool as a diploma mill nice his
universities I'm in a real university I
don't like this though maybe you should
have played Kerbal to prepare my play
crumble quite a bit but Kerbal doesn't
actually do multiple body problems I
think it's too complicated and Kerbal
only one planet can be affecting your
gravitational or your orbit at any given
point in time multiple planets don't
affect your gravity in or your multiple
planets do not impact your orbits in
Kerbal space program unless they change
[Music]
