my daters okay how we doing this to
wants in first what do we what are we
talking about today
all of you [ __ ] email me all the time
because you want to come on and you and
it you want to [ __ ] talk about
something well here's your chance
what do you got does the winner of the :
but there's no winner [ __ ] should I
should I have people email me and then
line them up for this I don't know how
to do this okay I have a subscriber only
room in disscourn alright show up if you
want to talk what do you want what's
here what's your malfunction my about
what I want to talk about burning Trump
strategy 2020 my dude okay hit me up so
I think I mean you paid close attention
to the campaign in 2016 and I did too
but the thing I remember the day of the
campaign the most the day of the [ __ ]
vote was that if you asked anyone on the
street like what does Trump want to do
mm-hmm they'd be able to tell you like
oh he wants to build a wall he wants to
ban on Muslims he wants to do this mad
and all those things are stupid but like
he got the message out here we go and I
think which is I don't know maybe like I
don't think it's part of his genius but
like the way his cheese green behaves
allowed that to happen
sure how did someone that I know don't
global transit allottee of Sealand wait
what was the last part thing you said
sorry like I don't think Hillary did the
same thing I think she actually did the
opposite oh no he's my senior was
[ __ ] Bernie's messaging was vitally
good if you ask people what Hillary
wanted to do that no but if you asked
people Bernie want to do like Oh free
school and show like that yeah yeah all
I remember from Hillary was I'm with her
and you know I'm chilling in Cedar
Rapids yeah so I guess that leaves so
like in that case it's pretty clear that
one side has like a big advantage and
the other side has like a [ __ ]
deficit but one of the things that I
think Bernie is really good at is taking
[ __ ] like a complicated story and
then boiling it down to like a sentence
so he can sell it well like oh the
economy doesn't work
for the 99% it works for the 1% yeah or
whatever but it's not clear to me if
having Bernie's message like B if being
able to get his message out well
function I mean obviously it helps him
but it's not clear to me if it's gonna
win no I think having like bite-size
simple messages I think is really really
important yeah well I guess cuz that's
what it seems to me to be like man it's
hard for me to really say because I'm a
leftist person so like yeah of course
every time you hear him say something
it's like [ __ ] yeah dude mm-hmm
tell it oh god like tell a
pharmaceutical rep to go eat [ __ ] out of
my [ __ ]
but like it's like any time you said
something I love it but it's not clear
to me if that like so I I think his
greatest hurdle is he has to get the
message out but it's not I mean it in a
post 2016 world it's hard to know what
his real hurdles are yeah I mean I think
I think that I mean I I mean I think we
used said just fun I think that if he
stays on point was messaging like he did
before he'll probably be okay
I mean Bernie's message it was very
civil leader Trump's messaging simple
bite-sized slogans free health care for
all for education for all I think we
would like to hear that the 1% [ __ ]
everybody it's like that's a good good
rhetoric good political strategy
incredibly they're so policy oriented
which is probably a good thing but they
they're like incredibly skeptical of it
I mean Americans don't give a [ __ ] about
policy I mean like a trumpet on no
[ __ ] I don't even I can't even think
of any policy at Trump or Anton I don't
even know if he knows what policy means
right well we had build the wall we had
then yeah ban Muslims we renegotiate
yeah Trump didn't lay out any specific
Trump didn't know anything about any
policy of you be like everything was
like a vague vacuous claim tax reform
immigration reform like he had [ __ ] all
four policies yeah so I mean I don't
think Americans really care that much
about that [ __ ] well in Trump's case
like if Trump's base listens to him say
things and then drunk like some
journalist says oh this is never gonna
work they're gonna be pissed off it's
just a journalist you know like
don't know anything but like in the case
of Democrats that's not necessarily true
right
wait what say that it good like like
okay if I'm a Trump person like and I
love when Trump says lock her up in jail
like I'll think it'll actually work and
then some journals will say lock her up
is stupid and I'll say [ __ ] journalists
they don't know anything
yeah that's what Thomas base is kind of
anti media yeah well anti anti bad media
right throughout the campaign trail and
then even today like Trump constantly
discourages media that says bad things
about him but if they say good things
about him then they're that good
what was that [ __ ] what was that one
quote that he said it was either him or
Sarah said like the no no no no it was
like the stories are the media is fake
or the news is fake but the numbers are
real or something it was something like
that
but now they're real yeah yeah they do
that [ __ ] all the time the news yeah
whatever they wanted it's clear like in
Trump's I think it's clear in Trump's
case that the reason he can get away
with [ __ ] like that is because he has
power and legitimacy from his base and
his base doesn't care so like as long as
you like if you can get up on stage and
say anything of people will say oh hell
yeah
then what you're saying doesn't have to
be right or wrong it can be completely
shitty but Bernie's face and like the
Democratic base more generally it really
does care what journalists disagree I
think Democrats want the the snazzy
one-liners just as much as Republicans
do like it look at like the [ __ ] on like
with the Occupy Wall Street businesses
shouldn't be people like well really
what what kind of tax entity should we
treat them as well I mean I just mean
the like oh [ __ ] like I'll I don't know
III think that like Democrats I think
that everybody that's not very like
politically informed like kind of wants
like the easy like one-liner you know
like down would Citizens United no
buh-buh-buh don't like like all of these
positions are actually incredibly
[ __ ] complicated but people want to
take like simple easy like one-liner
answers to a lot of these things I think
I think that's a pretty common amongst
all people
sitsit somebody that's true for you as a
little um no I mean uh for me but I mean
I have a job where I get to spend all
day like reading about this show so we
can figure out deeper you're a coastal
elite now Santana well not no I mean I
would say like most like people that are
like watching me or doing this like if
you're involved in like hardcore like
reading [ __ ] online like you're far
outside of like the normal average voter
right for Policy Analysis on Reddit are
not like the average American that's
voting I think I mean I mean I have that
same feeling to lots like take health
care I think health care is the best
example because people let people inside
the u.s. talk about health care in a
certain way but if you happen to read
like a few studies on health care you'd
be like oh [ __ ] our conversations like
totally wrong from what it should be
sure so like in my case I mean like I
have scientific training so like yeah
the first thing I want to do when
someone asks upon health care's like
well what does the literature say and
then we said Oh health care systems are
a well-studied thing and it turns out
you in this country we pay a [ __ ] ton
for it and like our outcomes are
actually nowhere near what you would
expect them to be yeah like you know
eight-eight works with a lot of other
countries yeah yeah but especially prior
to Bernie like like Bernie said that a
few times but it's like there's no
reason for a Hillary Clinton not to know
that it's no reason like Jeb Bush to
know that like all these people should
[ __ ] know that stuff but you can get
away without knowing that stuff without
talking about it because most Americans
don't know and yeah but I think this is
kind of my heartache I guess but I think
what that reflects is that there's
people in this country at who have a job
of figuring out what's important and
then telling everyone else about it
right in general like that's one of the
things the media is supposed to do but
they've never said the things like the
most basic facts about health care that
anyone knows
yeah it just very rarely happens people
just don't usually care about that [ __ ]
that much I mean it's sad but I mean I
mean look at like the only time I think
throughout all of the debates that I
ever heard somebody take anyone to task
for saying something that was just
unabashedly she's stupid was when Trump
said that he was going to he was going
to cut the EPA too
pay for like our [ __ ] like deficit or
some [ __ ] I don't remember it was some
massive order like shore up like
Medicaid or some [ __ ] and in the
Medicaid shortfall is like hundreds of
billions of dollars or something and
like the EPA's operating yeah the EPA's
annual operating budget like eight
billion dollars is like not even close
and Christopher Wallace actually like
nailed them to the wall on that but then
they like moved on in like two seconds
like yeah people just don't really give
a [ __ ] yeah and do you think I mean in
my view that I think that reflects the
series failing of the media and yeah
well yeah I mean it's hard to say what
it is I mean you could argue to failing
of the media but you could also argue
the media's a reflection of the people I
mean I don't know I mean Fox News is the
most popular media in the u.s. for a
reason like you'll like that [ __ ]
yeah okay I mean because I think this
stuff it like isn't hard okay like I
think if you have a ninth grader write a
report on health care systems I'll know
more than the average American like yeah
well that's not how people generally
make decisions right people are usually
go from a much more like intuitive
emotional kind of place than like a lot
of factor of an illogical one right like
most people yeah narrative-driven
yeah yeah and I think yeah well that's
what I tell that's like one way that
gets kind of weird when you when you
especially when you talk to like a lot
of mainstream left people is that they
seem to think that Oh
Trump won because of the rook like this
kind of like Hillary Clinton's view but
got a Trump won because of the Russians
or because of you know it's easy to lie
to people only and like everyone's a
racist or whatever but like I think what
is really happening is that at the end
of the day politics is not about logic
and reason it's about you know like I
did norge candor is now a tier-one
slave-driver logic and reason mm-hmm and
I think that's probably a huge problem
wait say that last bit again sorry I
think that's probably a huge problem
right look I don't think it should be
about identity and power and money it
should be about what's the best policy
for everyone and how do we pursue it oh
sure but again like how people arrive at
that point is like very very different
from one person to the next right I mean
in how things work yeah but I don't I
don't think that's like I don't think
that look I think everyone wants to I
actually think that for a number of
people that kind
don't have the same premises that that
like I would have for instance people
generally come from the same areas they
just have people's ability to like self
moderate or self reflect like to
understand if they're being reasonable
or rational is typically very very very
very very low and then the way that
people arrive at good conclusions is
also like very different right so like
maybe you like a science minded person
or ever if you're thinking like okay
well this immigration hold our country
are not hurt our country like the things
that you're going to think I was like
okay well what is like a meta-analyses
say on like impact of wages from
immigration or what is the FBI or the
DOJ or the Bureau of Justice distich say
about like immigrant crime right like
these might be the things like what is
the impact on the you know fiscal
budgets on different states like these
are the things you might think of where
as another person might think oh well
you know I have a friend who lost a job
and now I know that a Mexicans working
there or I have I heard a story from you
know on Fox News I heard like five
different stories about how immigrants
were you know raping people and cologne
there or some [ __ ] in Germany right so I
mean like these are the ways these
people you don't talk to these people
with stats and data they don't care in
fact a lot of these people just blade
I've had people say it's my face
actually are saying things like like I
don't trust the data or I don't trust
the numbers or I don't care about this
particular thing because I because I had
this one experience and it's like you
have to communicate to these people in a
different way you can't like just the
raw data its stats and [ __ ] don't do
anything you know so what do you think
is the most effective way to like
communicate with someone like that you
have to communicate them in their
language right you have to tell them
stories that would convince them
otherwise right yeah it's gonna say that
the Commerce had with the Kerry or Cara
or whatever it's like a really good
example of that right she didn't believe
anything I told her and still tell I
started making up stories or
hypothetical friends I had and then by
the end of the conversation she came
over almost completely to my side okay
thanks for subbing i watch part of this
jesse lee peterson gun debate mm-hmm
damn where was your binder full of
information homie
really
I didn't know that was gonna be a thing
gonna binder a little pages in plastic
covers and [ __ ]
yeah plus in the when I watched it at
least they what occasion I don't know
who is editor is but they would
occasionally cut the video to just show
the graph yeah they did that unlike all
of them yeah yeah of course if you don't
have grass and sugar to watch though
yeah alright and see this dude in New
Zealand get egged in the [ __ ] face no
but I've read about it yeah so I guess
story was that this guy was kind of
blaming on immigrants and some kids
showed up and [ __ ] him through negative
face and then a bunch of cops showed up
and he said here come the bacon for the
egg sauce which was a nice meme but I
think there's something kind of think
there's something kind of scary in that
in that like that a kid shows that he's
essentially committing some kind of a
violence against a political person
mm-hmm which is really scary but his
violence happens to be like basically
harmless well I mean it's still violent
but I mean yeah it's whether you I mean
you have to argue without it's justified
I guess right I mean we all agree that
violence is justified sometimes so the
argument comes down to whether or not
you believe this case of violence is
justified yeah I mean I would say it as
yeah
you think it would be justified in case
of wow weights politicians - I mean I
would argue it as yeah Oh which ones I
mean it depends on my stuff is over like
white nationalize [ __ ] or whatever not
like not like you're some loser [ __ ]
LARPing tanky [ __ ] who wants to kill
capitalists so I mean I'm looking more
like people like Steve King in Iowa
stuff like that this is not a call to
violence but I'm saying like I gotta
understand that some people could like
could could justify certain types of
acts against people that like call for
like ethnic cleansing and [ __ ] like that
sure which to my knowledge besides Steve
King hasn't happened with elected
officials with elected officials
probably not oh also people related to
health care stuff as well you might be
able to make arguments there if you're
somebody that is literally living on
like the ACA and like the Republicans do
you fund it like I don't know if you
have a case they're not yeah I mean
short of it's the only thing that sticks
out as that 1488 [ __ ] in the DHS
document they came out but that's
obviously like dog whistling up some
form okay well I think that's it for me
good luck buddy huh alright what do you
want can you hear me I sure can
wonderful alright I'd like to talk to
you about the [ __ ] content killer
debate which I saw and data collection
thing because I have a claim hold on let
me just make you louder I have a claim
my claim is that that debate was a [ __ ]
show because of you okay one second and
the guy thought that the [ __ ] data
collection was like I saw YouTube videos
so therefore therefore I know my [ __ ]
right and you went I got actual [ __ ]
data so therefore I know my [ __ ] okay
okay
so that debate spiraled out of control
then contact you that didn't understand
what you meant with data
right and he didn't understand what [ __ ]
I don't have the actual quotes here but
you know what I'm talking about right
uh-huh
so my claim is that the debates by on
out of control because you refuse to
explain to him how data connection
actually works and you just presumed
that you move so one okay I'm pretty
sure I said enough to try to do it but
two I would have to go back and watch it
but I'm pretty sure I try to explain it
a couple times but to like this is some
very very very Elementary [ __ ] like if
you don't understand why watching a
bunch of videos isn't a good way to get
a comprehensive view of a very
complicated issue III don't think I can
cover that much ground in a in a short
debate we're like six hours into
discussions on numbers and data
collecting and like it would take a lot
of time to get somebody up to speed to
have that conversation like I don't care
like I I can't do it it would be like if
it would be like if somebody called in
to debate me about like about like the
cost of health care in the United States
and they didn't understand like you know
like one plus one is two
like is it my fault that we're talking
about like billions of dollars if they
don't understand like the smaller number
I mean like I hail back and like try to
like count on like a number line and
tell them like hey this is so but like I
don't know if that's I don't know if I
care to do that like sure that I could
make the argument that that's kind of
hypocritical because you accuse people
like Jordan Peterson to have a
responsibility towards the community and
not fulfilling that responsibility being
responsibility by dog whistling out of
the [ __ ] ass and then again you don't
go the extra mile and you don't do the
effort to convince people I can't Acula
that their ideas of data collection are
stupid and therefore his fan base stays
uneducated my fan base we talk about
responsible data collecting and
everything all the time here we do it a
lot and then I met your friend a skunk
in his fan base like I can't I don't I
don't firstly my issue with Jordan
Peterson is that he makes these ghost
claims my issue with Jordan Peterson he
leads people and
really bad fought without either
denouncing it or supporting it that's my
problem joining Peterson I don't think
by me not explicitly teaching somebody
like fifth grade stats that I'm leading
them to a bad place my audience knows it
most people that I talk to know it and I
think I talked a little bit with thank
you letter try to explain it but I don't
think I have a responsibility to teach
them you know like fifth grade number
information I don't think that falls on
me and I don't even think I could really
do it in a conversation like that like
he's never gonna come with me for that
conversation if for no other reason
because it would feel extremely
condescending the entire time for me to
sit there and bravely like an incredibly
basic concepts job but and that's kind
of my overarching point because why
aren't you condescending then why aren't
you trying to win why are you trying to
I mean I already come across I mean I
already come across as horrendously
condescending to most people that I talk
to I don't know if having like a basic
stats class for somebody is gonna help
my case at all and I don't even think
it's gonna do anything I don't think
they'll care I think we'll just get
bogged down and in a discussion of
related to that stuff and it'll just end
the same way that it did before I mean
you could be a lot more aggressive with
your debating style I think we can all
agree on that right I mean kinda but I
mean we go back and forth I don't know
it works the best if you watched me like
three years ago I was insanely [ __ ]
aggressive I would shout down people
call them [ __ ] [ __ ] like
immediately for saying really dumb [ __ ]
but I'd try to be more patient so that I
have more dirt one so that I have more
air time with a person too so that they
don't lock up as much and so that we can
actually engage in like a conversation
longer so that I can convert more of
their people I mean if you want to see
me being like real aggressive look at
the conversation ID with naked ape I cut
that off in like five or ten minutes cuz
it was so over-the-top [ __ ] stupid
like I don't know yeah sure what's that
yeah I don't know that necessarily gets
to be anywhere with people like this
also from an optics point of view
letting the other person be really
aggressive and me be really calm it is a
really good outlook for me as well
because usually conservatives claim the
opposite so like for instance my
conversation with dick Masterson or no
[ __ ] I think I looked really good in
both of those conversations because I
was super chill and the other person was
insanely [ __ ] triggered which is
normally the opposing party you think
that dude that the fan base of no
[ __ ] thought of you of being a
successful in that debate I think that
mean you know Republicans they only go
for who wins the dick Masterson in the
no [ __ ] the with the overwhelming
geordie of their fan base is gonna agree
with them but a lot of people that were
on the fringes or in the middle
definitely thought it looked better oh
yeah dig for dig max and especially and
for no [ __ ] as well yeah I could i
religiously [ __ ] read the comments on
other videos a lot of them get buried
but definitely that there are fans that
watch those videos the thought that he
was way out of his [ __ ] league for
both of them so yeah I thought that was
good all right sure so you make the
argument that being reasonable and being
I guess coming come hmm how do I say
that kind of helping the other person
helping your counterpart in his way of
arguing would not benefit your case but
you also don't want to be aggressive so
otherwise the fun base of that person so
you basically are addressing the
intelligent people of content killers
fanbase in that case wait what
like the stupid ones income thank you
this fanbase are not gonna agree with
you that YouTube videos are not data
connection unless you explain it no no I
don't think me that's what I'm saying me
explaining it to them isn't going to
change their mind on that right these
are people that are fundamentally
lacking like critical basic information
about how numbers work I don't think I
can cover that much ground in a one-hour
conversation that's but then you just
stuck then yeah welcome to my [ __ ]
life I'm gonna be fine yeah that's kind
of how it ends up right so I mean like I
I but again we can't Diggle I'm pretty
sure that I did a few times like mention
like this is why this is why this
doesn't work this is why you know you
can't collect data this way I think I
said it a few times but I mean I didn't
walk back to like the very beginning of
like how numbers work to try to like
build up that argument I don't know I
don't like I said I don't think I don't
very many people be along for that ride
sure because it would be too much effort
basically it's well because it would be
too much effort but not just because to
me too much effort but all that effort
would be wasted because people wouldn't
care I don't think that kind of
conversation have you tried it yet I
actually go in and try it out with
someone who's yeah I mean I've kind of
done it in the past but like people are
the problem is like if you show up to
debate somebody it shouldn't be like um
did you ever watch me play Starcraft
yeah sometimes yeah when you when you
watch people play Starcraft or even like
MOBAs like you're not watching anything
new happen right - people are going into
a game and they're playing each other
and all the moves and all the abilities
and all the builds and everything you've
seen have all been rehearsed a million
times before and that's what a debate
should be like if somebody is like
fundamentally altering your worldview in
the middle of a debate
you are so far [ __ ] lost that you
need to like [ __ ] off immediately like
you can no longer have that conversation
it's way way way out of your league so
like for instance when I was talking to
Ryan Dawson I realized like pretty
quickly that I was way out of my depth
for Middle Eastern stuff so at that
point like the debate is over I can't
sit there and try to argue with Ryan
Dawson about Middle Eastern [ __ ] when
it's very clear that his depth of
knowledge like so vastly outweighs mine
so if I'm talking to somebody and it's
clear that they're having a fundamental
misunderstanding of how like a chart
works right with somebody like Sargon
that's too stupid to read a graph or
something like count dank Euler or
Lauren stuff and who too stupid to know
how data collection works right I can't
sit there and explain to them something
that would fundamentally alter their
entire view of the world and then expect
to have a conversation after one because
most people won't care to engage with it
in two because it's just not possible to
do that on the fly you know and you
don't see yourself of having the
responsibility to kind of convince that
fanbases at least that they're stupid I
don't think I would have the opportunity
to do that that's what I'm saying
they're not gonna sit there and let me
talk for an hour about like how you
collect data is like the point I'm
getting at right alright so the only way
to kind of fix that would be like to
have a moderator sitting there and
everyone talked yeah something like that
maybe I don't know okay well I tried to
make you more aggressive chat I failed
okay I love you buddy be careful buddy
what do you want am I in here what do
you mean are you in here you in the
[ __ ] room says subscribers only yeah
of course you're [ __ ] in here
okay sorry I was assuming same to you
Wow big mistake what do you want okay so
the one the one real good question I
have is a couple days ago you were
talking to the the Earthworm Jim guy
yeah and I came into that when you were
talking about abortion and yeah and so I
I only came in about halfway through so
hopefully you didn't like go over this
and I feel like the guy had no clue he
was talking about so maybe he didn't
make these points but um are you are you
actually on the is your like abortion
have you ever you have you gone to like
the be like dependency memes for arguing
for abortion no I just did it against
that guy cuz I thought he was dumb okay
well I mean that's a little yeah okay
that's a little different because I was
gonna say there's like a couple pretty
like obvious points to make that well I
mean I'm if it was actually like your
opinion on that and then hit what are
they argue and lets hear me well okay
okay so the first one is that is that if
it's okay to like a board a child
because they're dependent on the mother
like is it okay to abort you know like a
one-year-old who's or maybe you can't
like abort them right but like kick the
my tigre house and say you know the
counter counter to that would be there's
a difference kind of physical dependency
and like a like a non physical one um
yeah but that's like a pretty I mean
like either way it's like it's like time
resources effort or whatever spent I
don't know there's a pretty clear
difference here I think I don't think
people would be okay if the federal
government showed up at your house to
enslave you to work one day a week do
you think people would be okay with it
well no well the government does that
because they tax you like 20 percent
your yeah can I say taxes is fine but I
mean like these are too late you don't
know so you think it would be the same
if you had to show up at like a federal
government office and be a slave for one
day of the week you think that's the
same as being taxed on your income I
mean in the sense that they're getting
some sort of resources from you but like
we allow you you know like take a like
pick a job or not have a job if you
don't want I mean you know that's not
really a choice but that's like a okay
but so then everybody that gets a job
has to go and do it but the people that
don't get a job don't have to slave for
the government
well be used do it at your job it's like
I mean like the collection method is if
yeah I think I think I think it feels
like you're being reductive past points
that are like pretty important to
consider right like most people if you
would go up to somebody said hey I'm
gonna give you this kid that you have to
take care of for nine months most and
you have to do it people would be like
pretty upset and be like [ __ ] like this
is [ __ ] versus if I were to say hey I'm
gonna put this thing inside your body
that's gonna cause lifelong changes for
you and now you have to nourish it with
your body for nine months that's a much
bigger thing like you couldn't you
couldn't equivocate and be like oh well
look it's kind of like the same thing
cuz like for a kid you got to work for
him anyway right like people wouldn't be
happy with that I don't think yeah sure
I mean that that's like the weaker the
other there's another point that I watch
the other point that made that seem to
make a little more sense was that the
the dependency thing is like predicated
on the idea that well I think you could
I think you could make an argument that
like if you if you you know in 2019 when
when you know that having sex makes
babies or whatever you know it's it's
not hard to argue that that you know if
you're gonna if you're gonna do that you
should be ready to potentially have a
baby and that you can't argue that like
oh you know it's not my responsibility
to to like take care of this or you know
like I can like just abort this kid
because I wasn't ready for it I mean you
make an exception for rape I guess
that's like a little little weird but um
right like if you're gonna have a kid
then what if they are they useing like
bro if you're gonna have sad it gets
there like I mean there's still at risk
right you just I think it's something
that's like pretty easy to understand is
that if you're gonna have sex you should
you know having a child is a risk you're
taking mm-hmm and so in that case you
you wouldn't be able to argue that like
you you um you can remove the this child
from you because it's dependent on you
because like you you know when you
decided to have sex you sort of yeah no
I agree with it I like I use that
argument actually yeah I don't disagree
yeah okay cool I mean yeah it kind of it
kind of looks weird when you get into
like well what happens if someone gets
raped can you like can you abort them
because like only one person did you
know initiated initiated the sex the
other person didn't want it and then
it's like what can you do about that
that doesn't it just ends up being kind
of weird but yeah you wouldn't be able
to use that argument for cases of rape
whatever yeah okay that was the only
serious question I have another I some
other good questions as long as I so the
first of all veganism go for it
oh I even had an okay well I have a
think about well I wasn't gay bring up
using veganism but I have like an
interesting point that that I could have
brought up but I guess not
okay first of I got I got I guess to to
me me questions all right first one is I
need you i need to i need you to proud
my name all right because i it kills me
every time card I hear kartoffel cop yes
okay thank God cuz every time you say it
on stream it you say like kartoffel up
well basically I kind of like we have
the first few letters and I was way too
me there so I just make some [ __ ] up
cartel oh [ __ ] whatever yeah but I
think I even don't even have don't even
have I have like the capital on the
second cake because it's kind of well
it's one word you way to me my dude okay
1618 letters how many have you counted
them I think it's like probably only 12
that's a lot of letters hold on one two
no way is it song okay 13 my bat 4 5 6 7
8 9 10 11
is it not 13 is 12 where do you get the
13th more from listen it's just too many
okay let's look at some good names in
chat and I'm sure this guy's got three
letters in his name are jacks he's only
got five in his name all right
uber shark it's two words they make
sense what does card what is a card card
it's a card Tahoe cards awful cop yeah
what the [ __ ] is that
Pease and Sao together like that that's
not right they do in German all right
it's a German word it means Potato Head
speak German right now to us I actually
do know a little bit of German you have
a German name you're not even fluent in
German what the [ __ ] I'm barely
borderline proficient I know some words
that's basically it I mean I'm not gonna
like try and pretend I actually speak
German and say like some stupid [ __ ] but
okay and then second the second question
was when are we gonna get the death grip
stream when are you gonna listen to all
the death grips music and finally
realize that you know maybe Death Grips
is pretty good seven two years from sad
ever gonna happen two years from now for
real I pretty sure I I i would i would
almost bet on me at having ass
this two years ago and you and you
giving a similar response well no you
but I'm at me in two years and homie I
think it's worth it I look I saw I've
watched you struggle to watch like
illmatic like three times okay
and I think you can do it with Death
Grips I believe in you I'll think about
it okay be careful
yeah I mean nice talking to you by often
maybe think of some more questions and
come back later all right be careful
yeah Herpa Potamus hey how's it going
buddy hold on let me sew up one second
wait actually hold on go to the neck
hold on I'll pull you in three minutes
okay okay hold on let me run two
commercials and get a drink hey guys if
you don't like these [ __ ] ads [ __ ]
sub you [ __ ] worthless a freeloading
piece of [ __ ] all right you're back in
hey how's it going buddy pretty good how
are you going buddy good alright I just
want to ask real quick what is what's
your opinion on the dny scene okay good
job
good job mr. Mouton good vetting hello
hello what's up what was that what did
the last guy ask dny CEA's deez nuts on
your chin
yeah what do you got I think well based
on your previous answers I probably know
the answer but so for the key for the
people in like India that run like scam
calls right I remember you saying that
you don't necessarily place like the
blame on them more so on kind of
whoever's running it or whatever so
uh-huh it was like kind of correct kind
of yeah man I guess here's the problem I
would like to blame people like that but
the problem is like I don't know where
that line of responsibility it would
stop if you were to if you were to say
like they should take fault for that
like then do we start blending like
chick-fil-a employees for like the
stances of the CEO or do we start
blaming like people that work at the
mall because Nike you know gets product
from child labor or whatever I don't
know I think it's like really weird I
think yeah well so my question would
tangentially related would be people
that
work in oil and gas or like the mining
industry oh I saw you ask this question
chat earlier yeah it's possible for
global warming
well well obviously not like mm-hmm not
like they are solely responsible for it
but what kind of or what level of kind
of blame or responsibility do you put on
these these employees I mean I don't I
don't think you can otherwise it just
gets so weird like it does everybody
that works in like car manufacturing
also take blame for that or people that
work in agriculture like I don't you
know I don't think you can it just gets
really weird yeah well yeah I'd like I
would tend to agree with that cuz I'm
biased and I work in those fields but I
guess like when the counter-argument be
so for the people in India I think like
you mentioned these people it's all that
kind of a the sparsity of work and these
people kind of just turn to these jobs
just cuz but I guess for oil and gas and
mining like these are like high-paying
like require like a lot of education so
I guess like when they counter-argument
be that these people aren't necessarily
in like dire situations yes I mean if
you were to use that argument to save
the Indian people then you wouldn't be
able to use that argument to save like a
petroleum engineer I don't know if
that's what you do but I mean like I
don't that wouldn't be the argument that
I would use I just I'm not sure if you
hold like individual actors accountable
for like structural fuck-ups you know
like if we have a structure that exists
that enables the extraction of petroleum
from the planet that might contribute to
climate change I don't know if I hold
accountable the individual actors in
that or moreso say like well the entire
structure needs to change because it
doesn't seem like a very realistic and I
could be totally wrong because my
history is [ __ ] but like have large
structures like that change just because
like all the people stopped
participating or was it because of like
wide scale like revolts and political
movements you know like did did like
some corrupt like system stopped because
like oh well look all the you know
people just stopped doing it you know I
don't think that things seem to work
that way you know yeah I mean I don't
think I could think of an example where
that actually happened either and then
obviously I don't think it's realistic
mm-hmm I think like it's just
interesting that these people kind of I
guess not it's not like anything crazy
but there is like kind of like a light
stigma I guess like if you talk about
working and like oil and gas or mining
if you talk if you're speaking depending
one person who's speaking to you might
get kind of
like a side I like oh you work for Exxon
or whatever yeah I mean you could say
that but I mean don't automobiles
contribute like 30 percent or 60 percent
of like all the pollution in the u.s.
like anybody that you talk to is
probably driving as well so I mean like
yeah that's would kind of be in the line
I would go down yeah exactly or even you
could even flip that around and reeks
like well actually uh you know I i
supply petroleum or gas or whatever oil
band that's my job but like we actually
need that like we're not gonna stop
burning all oil but at least I like bike
to work which is more than what you do
right I mean like you anyone flip it
around in some ways like I think it's
dumb to hold individuals working jobs
accountable for like massive structural
problems yeah and even if even if you
try to point to like alternative energy
or whatever for oil and gas there's
still similar sectors like mining that
is not I don't really see a way that
that's gonna be replaced anytime soon
in terms of this resource extraction so
yeah it's just kind of an interesting
dynamic yeah also out of curiosity how
much do you know this is not related but
how much do you know about geophysics if
anything I know that the there's like
the core and then the mantle and I don't
know why what specifically are you
asking no I was just curious like it's
just like it's like essentially applied
to physics like for the purpose of
imaging the subsurface usually for
economic reasons not always but so like
finding like like shale deposits and
stuff like that or yeah or mineral
deposits like like control source
electromagnetics and also a lot of
people there's a terrific Eric Rivera
tree let's use the fine metal deposits
which a lot of people when you save like
people use gravity to find mineral
deposit as it kind of throws me for a
loop but anyhow so for wait can I guess
and pardon me can I guess did I is there
like a higher density for these types of
like minerals yeah okay yeah like lots
of mineral deposits have anomalously
high densities so they take these
extremely high precision perimeters and
they do service with them either
airborne or on the ground and you can
essentially detect these
anomalies and it gives us actually
drilling targets along with other along
with other geophysical methods so yeah
it's just kind of cool thing that people
don't really necessarily know about yeah
that's cool all right that's all I had
not a good one
yeah thanks a lot buddy be careful
lickin what do you want sup buddy how
you doing I'm pretty calm not bad hey
let me let me beat that so I don't have
that feedback anyway um so two questions
before I get to where I want what I want
to talk about this isn't antagonistic
it's genuinely just something I thought
of when I thought of this topic I know
when you start when you open with this
I'm not trying to be antagonistic okay
well I'm not no I just dislike all right
I could ask this and be like hey why do
you feel this way and then it's like are
you trying to be a dick I'm not shut up
come on so why do you debate is it to
win or to progress the dialogue around a
topic mainly the latter I like to find
out what the most correct position is I
like to be the most correct about a
position and I like to have the most
correct position those are like kind of
all the same thing and then also like a
side goal is I'm kind of hoping to
persuade some people to my side so my
primary goal but it's something I've
been focusing on one more but you're
persuading them to your side because you
feel that is the right side after you've
put in the work to evaluate the
situation I assure you okay if you know
so you're debating someone and you know
that they are articulating something but
you can reasonably assume that they're
not saying the point they actually mean
so they they're either inarticulate they
are you've heard their arguments before
or just kind of out of the jumbled mess
that they're throwing at you were just
throwing out in the video if you feel
that you can ascertain what they're
trying to say do you feel that you have
a responsibility like for the sake of
intellectual honesty to stop say hey are
you trying to say this clarify and then
address the point rather than tear them
apart for the the misspeak yeah I tried
it what you're doing is caught it's
called the principle of charity right
where if somebody says something that's
kind of dumb I usually try to restate
their argument or I try to reform it so
that I'm attacking something that makes
more sense than if they miss bigger
something yeah I don't usually care to
attack people unlike miss speakings
or whatever like I don't that's really
boring to me cuz I don't know it's
stupid like people sometimes will come
to me like well you said this you know
like I'm like oh like you said you would
never have sex with a 20 year old if you
were 30 that's you said that and it's
like okay like maybe in one clip I in
regard something else but like I've
spoken at length about this like a lot
like if you know my if you want to know
my position like it's out there like I'm
pretty spoken quite a bit of it yeah I'm
not usually interesting like grabbing
like one-liners trying to crucify
someone for it cuz it's like it usually
pretty big waste of time you know okay
so you remember that video I can't
remember the guys name but it's the dude
you made that he made that kind of a
peck social justice for your video
oh the quartering when I'm talking about
yeah yeah that's the guys yeah so I saw
that when you were making your response
to it and the thing that what I felt is
when you listen so let's take something
completely not nearly as inflammatory as
discussing the genders of [ __ ] robots
in the video game and talk about Deva
you remember what they did Deva right
the overwatch team I know what do they
do to Deva so Deva was a Starcraft hero
right like she was she was a GSL
champion she was the super elite gamer
it was a Starcraft player and then and
then they go back and they they wreck on
her and they took away that lure and
said no she absolutely had nothing like
they actually made a post and said she
has nothing to do with this and they
just kind of completely removed
Starcraft out of her background why I
have no idea but they did it right so
it's one of those things that like where
I'm getting that with this is the guy's
point in the video I think there's some
I don't think you are immediately a an
alt right you're anti-progress etc if
you question the motives behind action
right there was that uh there was that
commercial years ago that came out with
Cheerios it was the gay dads commercial
do you remember that
and there caused a little bit of stir so
I was like 2011 I think maybe something
like that it was a long time ago before
we really started going through this
progress someone sat in a boardroom and
said hey here's this idea here's the
commercial they screened it they they
took a wait and they said this is what
it could possibly get us and
it's very likely very possible that
someone for years beforehand was coming
with the same idea and it's like we're
not ready for that yet right like they
take these situations they evaluate and
they make a decision based on how
they're gonna move forward and get
benefit so I look at the same thing when
I see this problem with there being a
gay character or a trans character or or
whatever aspect it is but what I do have
a problem with is contrived efforts to
yeah let's talk about that why do you
have a problem with contrived efforts to
make games one clue it's not the
inclusivity but it's it's not the
inclusivity it's the it's my cynicism
about intention sure so what is your
cynicism about intention so if they they
create these characters right and I say
okay cool you've created this entire
litany of characters I'm focused on
overwatch um you fight you create these
characters like soldier 76 was just
announced to be gay if I walked up to
the creator of soldier 76 two years ago
and said what is his sexuality like the
idea he says originally we weren't gonna
make a gay but then we decided it would
be better for inclusivity and diversity
[ __ ] so we're gonna make them gay so
what's the problem with that there is
technically no problem like III can
concede that 100%
I can also concede the importance of
inclusivity and diversity I can I can
say how it progresses ideals wait so
then what do we disagree with the the
disagreement is I still see a problem
with it like I see a problem with it on
the I see if it wasn't actually more
alright the the problem I see is more
the criticism of the criticism so I say
why'd you do that just because yeah okay
I think that's kind of stupid like but
why because diversity is good why would
you care that anyone put diversity and
enact that etc etc it's like did you do
it because you wanted brownie points did
you do it to actually progress society
did you do it to pat yourself on the
back and say hey look what I did like
that maybe this is my consequentialism
speaking let's say that you've got a guy
on the street and let's say that there
are two homeless people one guy walks up
and gives him $100 the other guy walks
up gives him a hundred dollars and films
and puts on Instagram did we're one of
these people better than the other
person no but I I have a problem with
the guy who did that like there was this
there was a social experiment where this
dude was really dumb this dude sitting
on a sidewalk and he has like he dresses
like he's homeless he has a camera
planted and he's giving away money to
people and filming their reactions like
hey I think you need this like it's a
very dumb thing to do that and and then
highlights like all the people that are
really dicks to him about trying to give
away twenty bucks
i I I also have an issue with the The
Stolen Valor people they go out of their
way held on it's all about is wait wait
wait wait wait wait different waiting
waiting no it's the intention of the
action of recording it to get the
reaction fulfillment post it like why
are you doing that you know if you want
to call someone out for their wearing
dog tags when they weren't the military
go up to him say hey what do you think
guy I'm uncomfortable this I'm
uncomfortable this because I think that
for the stolen ball I think you can make
an argument for why people record it
some people get pretty pop a go but kind
of dumb about it but like I mean if only
one person walked up to and called you
out for stolen value probably don't give
a [ __ ] but if somebody records it will
now [ __ ] now you have to pay attention
right so I mean I can see Arkansas I'm
just saying that like at the end of the
day I mean like again like so I view
things through the framework of like
constant questions like what are the
consequences ultimately of any
particular action and for like the
business stuff like let's say like it's
kind of like one of those things where
like like let's say somebody let's say
somebody you know has a more diverse
cast and makes things better for their
you know more progressive values blah
blah blah and then if you know you're
like oh the person only did it to make
money was like well okay I don't care
like I mean the end effect was like was
pretty good I think and in this case
it's probably like a decent like outcome
like if somebody's doing something to
represent you know more sectors of
society so more people become invested
in our product I mean I would argue
that's a good thing so I think you're
right I think that I think what I
disagree with is the idea that criticism
can't be laid against something without
there being some negative social impact
or a negative social standing well like
the thing is like the criticism it just
doesn't make sense like if you say like
well they're only doing it what to make
money I mean that's true of like a no
that's right I don't think I think that
if someone was doing just to make money
that wouldn't really bother me okay wait
so what is that central
focusing what is like the central
criticism you have like stated know few
central criticism it it depends on the
situation like the fact that it sounds
like what the what that video the guy
was going through the idea that someone
went through and said let's make this a
super diverse cast like it's not the
idea of diversity it's the idea of
tribe diversity like are you doing it I
want to know intention like everybody
okay way okay how it looks because
there's a lot to unpack here let's in
like one or two sentences like what is
your me right yeah let me take a second
to mmm I think my main criticism is that
forced diversity for the sake of
diversity no that's wrong it sounds like
that is your criticism but then when you
so but when I forced you to say it like
that you realize like well [ __ ] maybe
this one's kind of show it yeah okay
like it's not the diversity isn't okay
its I [ __ ] that was euro palm with
there being any idea behind you know
where there is diversifying the race
like you have ten you're gonna make sure
that hey there's some some of different
races some of sexualities some okay so
what so it's the process of I think the
idea is that if someone will [ __ ] me
look when you put it in the context of
hey if it makes the world a better place
what's wrong with it regardless well no
no no it's just like what ignoring all
that like what I'm curious like what is
your central problem like you say like
force diversity but like everything
about a fan of so that was a more
problem like if but everything about the
world is divorced right if you can
either have force diversity or Freud
forced non diversity like forest
supplies that somebody's like doing
something and I mean it's a fake world
so all of us being created so like
everything is being Freud like so I
guess idea that someone just said well
we haven't done anything crazy lately
let's make soldier 76k it's like why it
so what if somebody said what if
somebody said okay well we've got this
whole group of people let's keep them
all straight like is that okay
no I I'd say why are you having that
discussion well because I mean you have
to decide at some point if you're making
a war of characters and you're gonna
include like a backstory you probably
decide you know their sexuality right
and I can totally take the idea of like
hey soldier 76 backstory wasn't fully
developed we had the idea of the
character origin but hey you know we
hadn't gotten to anything personal like
that and I see the benefits so it's one
of those things that also here's the
other thing my short couple sentences I
have an issue with the idea that this
can't be talked about without a negative
label being placed on someone who has
dissenting opinion I
just because it is a positive doesn't
mean that it can't be discussed that
intent motive can't be discussed that
someone can't take issue it just be like
that's kind of annoying that you just
went back and said that like did you
actually mean that well like that's the
question why is it I'm trying to get the
why like you're giving me a lot of like
this is bad or this is annoyance but I'm
trying to figure like what ultimately
what is your problem like what is the
irritating part about it it's I think
that's it I'm trying to find a better
way to articulate it cuz like you know I
mean like it's I mean I feel like I
understand the problem but you don't
want to say it oh because like I don't
know like when I look at like let's say
that I'm playing like overwatch or
whatever and then it comes out that like
oh one of the characters is gay then
it's like okay I don't really care I
mean I don't care about the lore the
game but like I they come out in they're
gay I think like the the irritation is
like well why does he have to be gay
because you already assume that
everybody is like straight by default
and now if somebody comes out as gay
it's a deviance from what was expected
right like well why would you make this
character get your trans what the [ __ ]
the character should be straight that's
what every that's not normal okay just
said kind of coincide so I want address
that no it's not that they should be
it's that well but like you earlier so
okay so I'm trying really hard to tease
out what's inside your head cuz I feel
like we're having problems getting it
out because earlier you said something
like when when you talk about making a
character gay you said like why are you
even having a discussion about this when
you say that it may be so that was about
when you said about the straight so when
you said like they came in and say hey
we're just gonna keep these people
straight I'm like why would you even
discuss that yeah yeah so when you say
why would you even discuss that what it
sounds like you're saying is in your
head well by default everybody straight
out anyway why would you have a
conversation on whether they're gay or
not everybody's already straight that's
what it sounds like when you say that
gorgeous that that so with the the
overwatch thing it's that it came out
its was this the intent all along was it
just we hadn't gotten around to coming
to that was this for the character
development it could be a completely
like so let's [ __ ] say this so that
people yeah sure so let's deal with that
maybe they change like midseason or
whatever people do this with video games
and movie characters like ahold of
[ __ ] time but what the thing is like
if I'm upset about the that's why I
brought the diva things so let's circle
back to that
what I brought up with that is I'm
annoyed that they changed Eva from a
Starcraft player to just some ambiguous
gamer why did you do it you established
a
[ __ ] lor and then you said no not
anymore
so now we're something less inflammatory
where I can't be labeled as someone that
just wants them to be white and straight
like that's annoying to me obviously I
have a bias because I love Starcraft but
nonetheless that's a not as inflammatory
or topic it upsets me they're just so
excited and I can understand if you know
if you retcon stuff than then sure I can
understand like retconning like if that
was your whole argument if you would
have opened that we were talking about
like retconning stuff is stuff that you
can be annoyed about depending on why
things get retcon sure not like if
you're doing like a whole reboot of a
franchise like the new Star Trek's or
whatever I don't know why you even play
Mike on there but I'm like but but yes
like a red kind of sign I got agree with
now as far as I'm aware of I don't know
if like soldier 76 his story was ever
retconned hasn't he just kind of know
was it it was the idea that they someone
just decided one day to change something
like yeah the assumption is that you're
you were going to assume and I I'm
trying to find a way to wear this very
carefully you were going to assume that
soldier 76 is a straight man like it's
not because of his masculinity it's not
because of the fact that you just
assumed that every man is straight but I
mean at the end of the day if I meet a
guy in it I'm gonna assume the guy
straight okay guys if I make I met you
know I did I meet you before F no you
were dating someone I met you so I knew
like if I meet a guy I'm going to assume
that he is straight wait like maybe
there maybe that may be okay no no
because you're making the whole argument
I just said earlier that you believed in
that you said you didn't believe and now
you keep making that argument it right
knows you're making the argument of
heteronormativity right you're making
this argument like well the default is
straight like why would you do it from
that like if I meet someone there that's
what you're keeping you keep saying you
say no but you keep making arguments for
a baseline it's the case you just made
another argument for it
hold on hold on let me try to clarify
this okay it's not the idea that I want
him to be straight that's what it should
be why'd you change it it's that you
presented these characters to me and
without any further context I am going
to assume okay but maybe we just
shouldn't just don't assume people's
sexuality is that like hard to do
i what
to what degree in mind a lot of look at
the situation and say I don't like you
him for me the only time I assume
somebody's sexuality is if it's
something that I'm trying to [ __ ] so
like if I'm someone or if I'm on tinder
or whatever I'm gonna make an assumption
that this person was interested in me
especially like on tinder this person
should be interested in men or if I'm
talking to a girl and I and I'm you know
I won't start to make my intentions
clear like hey like I you know down a
smash or divert and if she's not then
and then I'll be interested in as for
tending or sexuality but if it's like a
random person that I need like if I meet
you or for me something else like I
don't know if you're gay or straight or
trans but I have no [ __ ] idea but I
don't think I need to know that I don't
think that it's like a part of your
personality that I need to become
acquainted no you're right you're right
you're right
so if someone my only issue with it
coming out is if someone like truly if I
knew their intention right this might go
back to the comment you made about money
if I knew their intention was genuinely
no I just wanted him to be gay but if I
knew they were trying to make a
political splash trying to make a social
splash trying to force you know saying
hey we need to make more gay characters
because it's going to help progress
Society I'm like why is that bad it's
like yeah right I know God like no but
no no it's it's a good point because it
is like why should I maybe this is just
me coming to terms with the future right
how do you know how do you how do a
tier-one scriber know part of my
evolution is to be really Christian used
to be anti gay marriage was anti gay I
was never yeah listen I'm busting your
balls like super [ __ ] hard here but
everything you said probably even five
years ago like I said the same [ __ ] like
intuitively it feels really wrong like
why do you have this character that
you've made gay like there's no reason
for this character to be gay like you
just did it because you want to score
political brownie points you're trying
to be progressive whatever like you need
like and I would say this constantly in
fact I would even use an example have
you ever seen the show Dexter yes okay
you remember the gay assassin killer guy
the Dexter he's like season six or some
[ __ ] well no actually I've watched it's
really five times which way you've seen
all of it the guy that wears the suit is
gay yeah he talks about a boyfriend in
one of the episodes oh [ __ ] Google this
unless one check home we find it faster
I don't know what the name of this man
guy's character is
is it this guy e sacks ear co yeah that
was the first result when I search gay
Dexter assassin yeah this case gay you
don't know I don't really remember that
ok so like that used to be like that
used to be my argument I would so this
is a this is a really good gay character
like they make him gay but you don't
even really know about it and you know
he does all of his stuff and being gay
isn't like a central part of his
identity etc etc etc and I used to use
this an example of a gay character or of
a good of a well-written gay character
but like when I stopped back and I think
about those arguments basically what I'm
saying is like a good gay character is
the kind that I don't know he's gay and
I don't ever have to deal with his
gayness which is like a pretty shitty
thing to say because like if I'm
watching like a straight thing well like
Dexter being straight is central to a
lot of the movie right he gets with Rita
he's got like the family he has the kid
like I you know his straightness is like
shoved into my face for the entire
[ __ ] movie there's multiple sex
scenes and in the movie or I'm sorry in
the show like so like it's kind of
strange like going back I can see why I
know why made those arguments bust my
balls each ad is funny it's actually
I've got yeah it's like a pretty
homophobic argument to make where it's
like I'm okay with the gay character I
just don't want to see him being gay
ever because I actually I'm really not
actually that okay with gay people or or
gay characters not that like I hate gay
people right people always like when I'm
shocked people always want to jump to
like oh like you're super homophobe like
you [ __ ] hate gay people like I've
never hated gay people like you and I
was Christian I don't think I hated gay
people but like what I was saying was
like on fur on further reflection was
actually kind of homophobic right like
the only gay people uncomfortable
they're people that I don't know that
they're gay or ever see their gayness
you know I can agree with what exactly
were saying I I'd say even as you said
that argument like there's a part of me
that it's like oh like I'm beyond that I
I get it I am I think it's the idea that
someone did it just because whether to
score brownie points yeah but again you
have to think like I don't think I don't
think you really believe that and like I
would say I would I would implore you to
think of these arguments and then kind
of run through them on your own because
like I don't think you believe that when
you say like just I think they're doing
it just because I'm gonna do it but if I
were to say okay well what if we had a
movie with like ten characters and like
oh we should have like a few black and
Hispanic people here just to like even
out the cast to have more representation
which is like that's horrible they you
should have kept more white or would you
ever really have a problem
they're um no I wouldn't I think um I
think one of the issues is that this is
kind of a sidestep it's somewhat related
one of the issues is that talking
through these things helps right like I
never would have sure I agree I wait
change my inch my view what go ahead
yeah um hold on wait I'm sorry real
quick I just wanted real quick in chat I
think your original argument still valid
Dexter's heterosexuality isn't the most
important part of his character when you
look at how for example Loras and Renly
are showed in Game of Thrones they have
just reduced out of a section of those
characters that is absolutely not true
lorrison Brentley do have things that
they do in law drinks aren't 100% China
- the sexuality and in Dexter his
heterosexuality is absolutely one of the
cornerstones of his character because
his relationship with Rita which is a
heterosexual relationship is literally
the cornerstone of that show up through
season four and then the fact that he
births child has a son and then his a
relationship with the crazy lady whoever
did she and he ends up giving his son to
at the end of the bucket show right
these are cornerstones of the whole
Dexter show right like without these
relationships like the Dexter show
almost falls apart layer like it would
have to be a totally different show so I
mean like I I think that you're kind of
blinded to like when you live like where
a heterosexual Asher's are the only
thing you see you no longer see them you
just think like Oh like you know
heterosexual relationships aren't that
important in Dexter well hold on wait
the whole show is about his heterosexual
relationships what do you mean okay
sorry go what were you saying yeah it
helps to talk about things yeah well so
that's the issue though is that for me
to come here like just using I love chat
I'm part of chat I'm Chet 90% of the
time but to see like the criticism
thrown at me when I'm just trying to
articulate a point have a genuine
discussion uh-huh that is that spiral of
silence because instead of wanting to
have this discussion to work out my
opinion to work out understand your
opinion your perspective etc to not want
to do that it's the spiral of silence
because rather than come to you and say
this hey let's talk about this publicly
in this public forum like you know what
I'm just gonna you know save the
ridicule and keep it device yeah LGBT
communities online are literal [ __ ]
cancer they're a scourge on the [ __ ]
earth LGBT people online are the worst
[ __ ] advocates for LGBT [ __ ] in the
[ __ ] world
they're incredibly [ __ ] hostile I
understand why it's like hard to deal
with but yeah I mean it's really
annoying like if you try to have
conversation with a lot of LGBT people
you're gonna get screamed out as being
homophobic like relentlessly it's really
[ __ ] cancer so I'm really irritating
to deal with yeah it is and it causes a
problem like it does it does stifle this
conversation and I think there there
could be more divert there could be a
more divided line or a seemingly more
divided line than there actually is just
because people are so unwilling to talk
so people sit in their group and say
well I can't talk to them because they
do XY and Z yeah and I think they oh if
you've ever watched you know how
counterpoint says is that the the
transgendered lady from Baltimore yeah
you should say trans trans woman or
transgender lady
don't say transgendered you'll get in
big trouble but um yeah sure her videos
are really really really good at
breaking down a lot of stuff like this
and addressing both sides of stuff and
you can tell our videos are really good
too because a lot of LGBT people hate
her so it's her videos are really good
at breaking down this stuff and making
it understandable to both sides I would
highly recommend if there's ever a topic
that she covers that you're interested
in watching her videos is very good she
does a very good job at it see that was
a very nice way to handle that because
you I didn't know that like to me of a
transgendered I was being to say
transgendered woman I was being
completely PC but apparently not yeah
well they so like there's a lot of stuff
that goes around like language norms but
basically like if you call somebody like
transgendered it's kind of like a little
dehumanizing like if I were to call you
like people actually well people do this
to other people sometimes for
heterosexual people they'll use an
insult call you like a breeder like when
you use like these kinds of terms like
you're a transgendered it's just like
it's kind of even if you're not
intending to do it like I used to do
referring to somebody it's gonna pick
you thing but yeah yeah oh it's like
it's like do I see black or
african-american like what and then it's
african-american not black but people
say don't call me oh yeah you're right
it's very weird it should it should be
african-american but some people say
black because I think african-american
means you're from Africa but technically
the reason why african-american exists
as a term is to recognize that black
people's history in the United States is
like a unique one that makes it so it's
really hard for them to specifically
know like what kind so friends is like
if I were to ask you like what kind of
white person are you usually you could
say oh I'm polish
germán blah blah blah you can use that
right you you have like a European
ethnicity but if you ask black people in
the United States they don't really know
they're just they're african-american
they're like a mishmash of like
different African things and then they
don't actually know where they came from
because their families are brought over
on slave ships right that's technically
why I like the term like African
American is used although some people
don't like it because they think that
that implies you're not American or some
people say she just sees black yeah I
don't know you can probably argue with
different people like real quick the
reason you should use black isn't
because not all black people are from
Africa right what yeah there are people
who have black skin that either arrived
from the Caribbean or yeah of course
well you sure if somebody's like
Nigerian and comes over from Nigeria you
shouldn't call this person African
American but if you're like a black
person in the United States well it's
like generally Nigeria you you know no
no no no no no no no no wait somebody
that comes over from Nigeria to that I'd
say so you wouldn't call them African
American there would be Nigerian wait
I'm sorry holy [ __ ] I think you're
assuming for some reason that Nigeria is
like not in Africa what anyway I'm gonna
wait okay hold on oh my god you're
making me sound like Nigeria's own
[ __ ] South America know if somebody
comes from Africa to live in America and
they're Nigerian you wouldn't call them
African American right do you might I
don't know that you should call them
Nigerian then said them yeah you would
call them either Nigerian or like a
Nigerian American African and might walk
a this is my understanding of it Jesus
[ __ ] you made me think Niger was in
South America I thought I was in some
rhythm my understanding of it is that
African American that that broad
catch-all term is supposed to be a way
to encompass the identity of a black
American whose family can be traced back
to being brought over from slave ships
who doesn't know what their country of
origin is they're just African American
they can't say like oh well my history
is in you know [ __ ] whatever African
country you know Algeria or chat or some
[ __ ] like they don't know they're just
African American but like if somebody
from like Sudan or if somebody from like
[ __ ] Algeria or somebody or Kenya
come Steve United States you wouldn't
call like a Kenyan that comes to the
u.s. you would call him African American
you would you would call him like a
Kenyan American or something that's my
understanding but I could be wrong but
that makes sense but I think you would
probably mislabel them if you didn't
know right like if they don't have an
accent oh sure sure sure yeah in general
you should probably just say black
because you don't actually
I can agree with that right you yes
everything you just said including that
last bit is correct all right and that
last bit is what I came in to say
basically sure yeah yeah sure you should
probably just call someone black shirts
it's the most accurate term that you can
use in a lot of situation without doping
information you're younger installed
right aren't you like 24 or something
yeah the it's kind of weird for me
because I think when I was growing up
Black was like the not always like the
rude way to do it you were supposed to
say african-american so it's kind of
weird that's actually changed I think I
like the past decade unless I'm crazy
yeah but I remember growing up like
calling people black was kind of like
taboo it was almost like colored a
little bit not quite as bad but almost
like you weren't really supposed yeah no
no that was um even within my lifetime
there's been a very recent yeah but yes
I've liked that yeah okay cool yeah so
before we go cuz I do want to kind of go
down that road real quick but before we
do to go back to the the original I I've
had this thought before like where I'm
just processing it my mind working it
out myself that maybe I just shouldn't
get upset about it like maybe it
shouldn't bother me anyway anyway sure
to perform because at the end of the day
it's a net positive right but I think
that even when I when I diluted down to
that that it's a net positive that
people were going after diversity
they're attempting to hit every check in
the box there was this diversity stream
on Twitch a couple years ago and the
thing that bothered at me is that the
message sounded and of course it could
been through my bias tears filtering it
this way but the message sounded like a
game company that doesn't actively seek
to ensure that all games started
watching a university or that their
triple-a titles don't come out with a
certain level of diversity that that
that they are not as good as game
companies that do as far as you know
what they're providing and I feel that
that's unfair
just like I I know this is yeah it's
just it's one of those things that like
basically what what you're being asked
to do here and it's very [ __ ]
difficult you grew up with like a [ __ ]
ton of assumptions in your life and
being forced to kind of address those or
admit that some of those assumptions are
unfair is a very [ __ ] hard thing to
do it is insanely [ __ ] difficult cuz
most people go through life without
questioning and kind of like fundamental
assumptions they've made growing up so
like the when you look at like well when
games come out they have to have a
certain level of diversity I mean like
games have to have a certain level of
anything
like you have to have a protagonist it's
of a certain age that has certain
backgrounds that I started struggles in
order to make it relatable to the two
people that you know watch your [ __ ]
like you couldn't make a game about a
carpenter that just builds you know
houses and then he goes on like an
action it right you have to like make
the story relatable to people you have
to do things that make them represent it
over the audience like these are things
that have always been done but for the
longest time if you're like a straight
white male person everything is always
appealed to you always it just always
has you're always the default in every
movie and every video game it's it's
always that so when people start being
more inclusive of other people it feels
weird because you've never really
thought about this before like I don't
know I'm not saying you to mean you this
includes me as well again because I used
to make the same [ __ ] arguments
you're making on streem like on
ironically you can still find videos and
be doing it like not even like six or
seven years ago it feels weird because
for the longest time like all of society
was built around reflecting you and then
when it starts reflecting other people
it's like well hold on wait a second why
does it have to reflect them like wait
why do you have to do this diversity why
it was like well I mean why not it's
always been you you know I think that
see I completely agree with everything
you just said there's no part of me that
doesn't I think it's the idea that like
someone releases a game and this is the
game like what if apex legends had been
released I think that was one of the
other parts that bothered me wasn't
necessarily the gamers the the gamers
intention but the expectations of
society for that guy was reviewing that
article that said something to the
effect of like the most important thing
about the game is its diversity or
something like that I mean like like
people they go crazy on that [ __ ] I
think are dumb like diversities our
greatest strengths like that's probably
not true like our economic mobility in
the United States is probably one of our
greatest strengths like there's a lot of
things like our [ __ ] nuclear
armaments and our military probably our
greatest drinks I don't diverse he's our
greatest drink I mean like yeah people
go too [ __ ] hard in any other
direction I don't think I most important
part of apex lodges is [ __ ] diversity
but I do think it's an important part of
it I think that having that kind of like
social push is really good but I think
it is understandable why is that would
the why that's beneficial like there's
not even a white would it is beneficial
I get it and I imagine that if I was a
homosexual or if I was am I allowed to
say homosexual like is that still sure
an allowable okay or you could say a
homosexual person but
Jesus Christ if I was gay if I was a
member of the LGBT community real quick
just to reflect on that again cuz it's
another weird thing so for instance you
would never refer to someone you would
ever send like Oh him
he's a heterosexual you would always
feel like oh he's like a straight guy or
he's a straight well no you might say
like he's straight
or he's gay yeah those are okay but you
would never say like he's a straight or
he's a gay he's a gay he's a straight
you say he's a homosexual not he's yes
or he's a homosexual person right like
yes yeah like he's homosexual is okay
but he's a homosexual he's not what I
mean at the same time we don't we say
he's a minor he's a he's a he's a yeah
but those are properties that aren't
like necessarily like discriminated
against right like for instance like if
I were like in you can it's it's funny
because like for things that you don't
care about you don't think about it as
much but for things that are brought to
your attention more you would you would
immediately hear this so I walked up to
you and and somebody's like oh who's
your friend I'm like oh you know he's a
black if I were to say something like
[ __ ] if I'm like describing sounds like
oh he's black you would hear that a lot
different than me a lot differently than
me saying he's a black right like that
would sound really weird if I were
different like Oh John he's a black like
if you hear did you hear that like you
would even like he's a black oh yeah
like yeah and then same thing with like
oh he's a homosexual like as opposed to
because you've never is like he's a he's
a he's a heterosexual right he was like
oh he's a straight I'm straight he's
straight or he's a straight person yeah
okay sorry these are like really like
finite like quibble things or whatever
but yeah but no they I mean at the end
of the day they add up and they it makes
sense to address them and it's you know
it's one of those things that what
you're making it rolls on the spot in
making communities look bad a homosexual
is still in even if you're gay I agree I
disagree with you and I've heard enough
to know that like that you're not you're
not correct there I'm almost positive
you're not correct in the same way that
I would never call someone a transgender
I would never call someone a homosexual
right you would say like they're a
homosexual person or he's like he's gay
like you either
there's something that when you set it
off with the is it an art I don't know
what you call the a but there's
something different when you say like oh
he's heterosexual versus he's a
heterosexual these are two different
things right like um yeah sorry go ahead
yeah I was I forget where I was going
with all that but yeah so it's one of
the it
the difficulty within myself that
overall I have a knee-jerk reaction to
be upset
I say why and it's not why because it
upsets me that the choice was to make
soldier 76 homosexual I'm just using him
cuz he's the most recent it's not the
why because he's gay that bothers me it
was I want to know your intention if you
say that's just a story man I have zero
[ __ ] problems with that but it's the
idea that you did it for some
self-serving or self-righteous or just
because motive it's like it's not
because okay you change this guy from
straight which is where I think he
should be to whatever it's more just
what is your motive because to me motive
matters but should it cuz at the end of
the day it makes someone else feel
better because they're like hey you know
what
soldier 76 is gay I'm a you know some
[ __ ] kid going through puberty not
really understanding self and it's like
hey this video game I play is is helping
me because I know that that character
this badass [ __ ] shooter is is the
same as me I can really [ __ ]
understand how that's gonna make someone
feel good and I can't be upset with that
at all
sure so then it's like well [ __ ] what do
I have to argue about maybe I shouldn't
argue
shut up play the video game sure I don't
think motive matters but you're close
okay alright man you have a great day
yeah peace out right I really don't
think a homosexual is like a black in my
mind I could never imagine somebody
saying like without it sounding like
kind of dehumanize like oh oh John he's
a homosexual
right like that like if somebody were to
say that it would just I would
immediately hear to like what you mean
like he's a homosexual what do you mean
by that like it just sounds different
sound like oh like he's homosexual like
it there's a there's a difference I wish
I knew like I wish I have I had like a
better background a little in
linguistics or whatever maybe I could
explain why I know that a lot of this is
kind of like a subconscious way that we
kind of like refer to people but people
say that all the time yeah people used
to say the n-word although I don't think
you mean I hear people calling people
they're gay well saying somebody is gay
is fine like if I and again gay is
actually the perfect word if somebody
was like Oh John he's gay it sounds a
lot different than John he's a gay
like they those they just they feel very
very very different right Myra what do
you want my date hold on let me meet the
stream okay
so I've asked you this question before
and I've never really gotten a serious
answer from you so I would kind of hope
that you'll give me a serious answer so
over the last like six months or so
you've grown like quite a bit as far as
like you worship numbers and stuff and I
just want to know like where do you kind
of like draw the line as far as like
growing your community and like still
being able to interact with chat
correctly or not but like in a good way
have like a good community build and
stuff like that where you know like when
you have a twenty thousand viewer
fifteen thousand viewers streamer chat
is just like answer spam just um I think
even I'm like eight to ten thousand
various like my dgg chat is still pretty
manageable so I mean like I don't know I
usually just keep tabs on that it's like
I think the DGD chat is like a good
filter like if somebody's willing to
take the time to like link up an account
to my chat and chat in there they
probably have something that's more
worth reading than the deluge deluge of
[ __ ] and twitch chat thought it was
deluge deluge deluge its deluge okay
there you go so I guess the follow-up to
that is do you feel like there's a point
that you could get to to where even your
dgg chat is like like kind of become too
spammy because I mean when you have like
10k viewers for a debate or something
like that it's almost impossible to read
it because it's moving so fast I don't
know I don't think so I think I would
say way way more viewers I think that
I've done a good job at like getting rid
of like ship spam so like during debates
the chat gets like pretty extreme
because people are reacting to stuff but
like during like non debates like I
think the discussion is normally pretty
good like I don't have like any of the
cancerous [ __ ] I think the main
reason why chats become unmanageable is
because people are okay with like cancer
spamming their chats so like for
instance like if we look at like Greek
god X like 90% of like what's going on
in this chat is is like all like [ __ ]
spam like there's not like any good
conversation happening here like I don't
even think people are talking about the
game in here like I see like shoot the
cash register like fish or when I say
talking about having a conversation like
it's all like just like meme spam and
[ __ ]
right or and then like if you look at
excuse chat like it looks pretty much
the same right we're like your goals are
just basically like spam the [ __ ] out of
like memes in chat and like that's the
whole point
mm-hmm yeah but I think I've liked doing
these I think I've pretty aggressively
like moderated against stuff like this
and it seems to work out pretty well
like even like even Jake can bake only
has four and a half thousand viewers so
around what I have or maybe a thousand
less than I have and I think his chat is
less readable than mine right now like I
can't I don't know what's going on in
here right now like I can't really
follow this chat right right well I
guess if you keep playing League we
won't have this problem either way so
yeah there you go that's the easiest way
I've got all the chat only take the real
fans around
can I ask or can I give you one meme yep
go so listen all right I am not normally
this socially adept or like inept
when I sent you that email I swear to
god that was [ __ ] mr. moon I had a
conversation with him and he told me to
send you that email and basically beg
you to put me on your host list I'm not
that I'm not a [ __ ] I am NOT an okay
okay I just want to make that okay all
right all right that's all I wanted I
love you buddy be careful hey what's up
buddy what do you got for me today
hey buddy um so just from the lyric
condo do you think critiques of
inclusivity for the sake of attention or
using culture as a reason to prevent
immigration do you think most of those
are disingenuous and just covering up a
dislike of diversity or do you think
people are genuine in their opinion um I
can't say most it would really depend on
who you're talking about like if it's
like somebody that I know is like like
like Lauren Southern any critique she
makes I'm gonna say I'd she's covering
up her white nationalist [ __ ] but I
think it is possible to come from a good
place and to try to be a reasonable
person and still come out with a lot of
these really dumb critiques because you
fail to like self-analyze something like
some inherent bias that you have that
you're not aware over something I think
that's possible
all right I only say that because not
only like I've put forth a lot of the
arguments that people do today like
ironically and I know I've never at
least for like at least since I've been
16 I've never hated gay people ever like
I've been cool with gay marriage and all
that but I've still made a lot of the
identical arguments that people use
against like representation in media and
I don't think that's because I like even
secretly hated gays I think it was more
just like I didn't stop and consider
like a perspective it's like well how
could this be perceived as like
homophobic or how could this be like
exclusionary like I just it was stuff
that I hadn't ever really considered
before right but wouldn't you say that
was because you lacked introspection and
not because somebody should walk you
through it or no
wouldn't you wait what why are those
makes you exclusive well like most of it
comes from an introspection oh oh little
it has to be guided I mean you can't
just introspect your way to like secular
progressive values like a lot of it you
have to have like outside influences to
kind of put I would I wouldn't say
progressive values is just like
including diversity wait what do you
wait what are you asking or what are you
saying well because you're saying like
you have to be guided to progressive
values and I was just saying being
against diversity like in a game cast
for example well I mean like you could
be against it because of like dumb
reasons that you think are okay so
things like forced like you when you say
things like force diversity or stuff
like that like what do you mean well
wouldn't you say they like force
diversity like has to come from a place
of being disingenuous because it does it
make sense otherwise no I mean I think
it does I mean I can see why it does I
mean I know but I'm saying unless you
introspect like Italy makes sense like
it's a nature but upon any introspection
that doesn't know I mean I guess maybe
we're using the term introspection
differently like people's abilities to
be introspective are gonna be hardcore
informed by how much they've actually
learned about it right like like being
introspective is one thing like
reconsidering your own positions but you
have to have tools by which to like do
this right like you have to know like
well what does it mean to be
introspective or like how can I do this
in effective ways like I don't think
just telling someone like go introspect
and they do and they come back like oh
[ __ ] I was wrong I don't think that'll
happen a lot like people could
introspect it become even more racist
depending on how they do it right oh
sure yeah yeah I could agree that
definition I guess they kind of take
you saying like the LGBT community's
cancer don't you think like their
defensive nYSSA's warranted like it like
any other minority group because of so
many disingenuous actors hatred yeah it
doesn't change what I said it although
you're just giving excuses for why
they're cancerous but I mean yeah it
could be warranted yeah when you have
people especially as an LGBT person you
have to deal with so many [ __ ] bad
faith actors online I can understand why
the temper gets like very [ __ ] short
very quickly yeah well don't you think
cancer is good carries for their leg
immorally loaded yeah maybe like you
should just say like defensive or overly
sensitive making sure yeah I mean yeah
you know anymore what anybody you have
any more to scream alright be careful
boy
all right Dan you're in what's happened
my brother what's up my brother
I'm doing well how are things going for
you I enjoyed your gun debate did you
yes anything you would change going back
doing a different life hey how about
some motivation alright I'm in here
talking to you giving you my time yeah
some enthusiasm would be nice oh you
know you don't get anything she hasn't
for me what do you think things I would
do differently um probably like having
my own binder full of [ __ ] would be nice
I guess if he's gonna do that
mm-hmm I was thinking about one thing
there that guy I'm not wrong but he was
he hated black people right on a person
oh yeah I 100 okay so do you think just
his solution to gun violence was to make
it so blacks can't have guns okay not
that you get rid of blacks would be more
what he would more probably okay so one
of the other so hypothetical question
and not that you would ever agree to
this but and it's a little bit of a
loaded question so think about it so
what do you actually think would happen
if I were I think they were like Apollo
I'm just saying like if tomorrow I
obviously this is complete [ __ ] but
essentially if you could create Allah
but if you could create a lot that
blacks couldn't have guns anymore what
do you think that actually would do to
gun violence and you're assuming the law
is follow like 100% yeah like a hundred
like well I mean I imagine gun violence
it probably Falls pretty significantly
right african-americans commit a
disproportionate amount of gun violence
in the United States so right so is
there I was thinking is there a better
way of doing this that's not racist and
I think I have the answer and that's
poor people can't have guns anymore
there would have to be a massive tax to
have gun ownership would you be against
that considering that that would follow
your logical reasoning of wanting to
protect lives in the United States that
would obviously do it there's very few
no is the problem isn't necessarily like
I don't think you'd have to keep poor
people from getting guns right I think
you would aren't I would say probably
95% of gun violence if not more is done
by poor people but with the exception of
suicide so the problem you have right
now is that there's already like a [ __ ]
ton of available guns in the United
States it's like over 300 million
firearms it exists right now if you were
to make all firearms that are legally
sold more expensive I don't know if that
would necessarily keep them out of the
hands of out of the hands of poor people
because they might already be able to
get access when illegally or they might
turn to those methods more also I don't
know if I don't ok so what about not the
firearms what about if we had an insane
like was a Chris Rock ammunition tax so
like essentially each [ __ ] bullet is
something like 100 or $200 per bullet
make it easy when you make something
like that more expensive isn't like the
black-market kind of stuff in a start
supplying that [ __ ] more as well like
won't you well that that's a thought
right if you're so [ __ ] desperate to
get a gun to do something to rob a store
or something wouldn't you first be by
nature of virtue wanting to sell the
ammunition you already own and get that
money versus going to the next
yeah I'm proposing the question do you
think like I'll just my answer to all of
these like you're basically asking me to
evaluate like the the whether or not
this would work I don't know if this
would work but like if it would reduce
the amount of gun violence I might my
answer but yes I just I don't know if it
would actually work I'm not sure because
hypotheticals right I don't think it's
an insane hypothetical it's literally
one thing what about if we put a tax on
ammunition of $100 per bullet do you
think that would significantly I I don't
read well it would it might have some
decrease I mean it would have to but
also I feel like a lot of ammunition was
heard to be sold like on the black
market like you would get it illegally
imported and should because what would
start to happen
and then maybe that would lead to more
crime because now you've got more money
flowing into the organizations that you
don't want money flowing into because
they've got a new way to make money
right so I'm not sure I don't that seems
a little far-fetched to me I think if
there would be such a taxi I mean it
seems far-fetched that if you make
something illegal like with the black
market we'll provide it
what do you think all drugs no because I
think that what leads to a higher price
even on the black market like pot if you
think about it there's no different I'm
not that much difficult to grow versus
pretty much any other plant of a similar
type you know you put in a greenhouse
you do it the reason the price is so
high is because it's illegal United
States you know you have places where
it's legal now like Colorado but it's
still taxed high in Colorado so the
price is high what I'm saying is that by
creating an artificially high price
you're going to keep it out of the hands
of more people as a result of that you
can't get it easily if you have it
you're gonna be in you're desperate
you're more likely to sell it than to
use it maybe I mean if that's how it
ended up working out then sure well I
mean to me this seems like the most
reasonable prospect we use a reasonably
this is all like really [ __ ]
complicated right like you're talking
about like a war on guns and we've
already tried like a war on drugs and
that failed [ __ ] miserably like I
just I just don't know if like oh well
here's a huge [ __ ] tax on bullets and
out people intuitively I don't know if
like other people will start to step in
and like just sell that instead on the
black market instead of like people
buying it from gun stores is like my
problem ok but don't you think this is
the most possible thing that we could
implement like I have the solutions that
you kind of presented on the gun debate
then seem realistic whatsoever no I was
like - like like closing the private
sale loophole making it so it's illegal
to sell a firearm privately to somebody
expanding powers to the ATF I think
these are like pretty reasonably easy
things to do I think well though yeah
those are somewhat reasonable but as far
as the idea of banning specific I'm
sorry the thing that wasn't reasonable
was doing like health checks and
checking with things like that before
you could get like some more better
psych screening why can't we ever do
that well because I think that would
keep people from going and getting
therapy I mean if you told me if I went
to a therapist when I was feeling really
depressed or something along those lines
that that might keep me from ever
getting a firearm in the future I think
that that would keep people from going
to therapists and would have more damage
than than good that it
do like you're telling therapist that
now they have to report on anything and
you'll never be able to get a gun if
this happens why would you why would you
oh I just I'm just not sure if that
would actually be true because like for
instance like therapists have to report
if you're suicidal but people still go
to the therapist when they feel suicidal
right sure but what are the possible
outcomes that you can have from that
that doesn't keep you from any real
long-term you get well yeah you get um
you'll get um what's the name for it not
impounded but you get committed to
something against your will
yeah you can be held against your will
in a psychiatric institution if you get
reported as being a threat to yourself
sure okay yeah that can happen
absolutely is that on the is that on the
NFA form I have only remember you know
I'm talking about when you buy a gun and
they give you that form you have to fill
out the 20 check marks have you ever
been involuntary ly committed to a
psychiatric facility do you know if
that's on that I am Not sure I don't
know interesting hmm
well I still I think the tax is probably
the most ethnic safe way of doing this
where it's not specifically targeting
anyone except for people which obviously
commit most of the crimes okay but also
I got since apparently this multiple
question ah an important one for you if
you remember back to your twitch fan you
are very nervous playing it very safe
watching what you said all that [ __ ] do
you think that you've become more
relaxed on that now or do you think
you're still very cognizant that if you
[ __ ] up you could be hypothetically on
your last legs or is that not the case
anymore where you can [ __ ] a lot more
comfortable now because I have like my
Alliance of communication at two which
are much better now than they were
before so I feel more so for instance if
you were to drop a gamer word right here
you might still get banned but you don't
think that that would be a permanent ban
through you know it would be a month ban
do it well I do that come on they prove
it I don't need to take another one yeah
it's it's what is this twitch stance on
driving with streaming right now because
it seems super [ __ ] game I don't say
anything about it [ __ ] you you're
okay with endangering people's lives
Stephen I mean we all do it everything
yeah yeah welcome I'm very curious of
the same people that are like people to
get like very adamant about like you
should never like text and Driver bla
bla bla which I mean for a lot of people
you probably shouldn't but I mean you
also should never have a conversation
with someone in your car while you're
driving either but nobody would ever say
anything like that right I mean yeah I
don't know it's high when I talk about
driving it was for sure the murder isn't
talking and driving the same thing like
it's on the same level as like drinking
and driving like you're impaired I think
I think I may be holding a great type of
conversation yeah yeah it can be more
taxing than than diverting your ice on
the road to have a conversation so like
a lot of people in chat like that are
saying entitled oh no yeah ya are shitty
drivers that have no [ __ ] idea like
what goes into driving right having like
a detailed conversation with somebody or
especially like an emotional
conversation with somebody while driving
can be more distracting than a lot of
other things also driving while tired
after a certain level can very easily
reach like the same levels of impairment
as driving while intoxicated but people
are also a lot more lenient on that as
well so I mean like it's whatever aren't
[ __ ] there's a big difference between
driving and talking hands-free versus
holding the phone up your house I don't
agree I don't agree with that you don't
know I don't there's probably a little
bit but I think like you're still
[ __ ] impaired heavily I don't think
that's the case actually I think there's
like you can eat food and drive a
stick-shift at the same time like it's
not that hard to do it I like the most
important resource while driving
it isn't your eyes it's not your ears
and it's not your hands the most
important resource of your attention
yeah which and a lot of people like
think that a lot of people mix up like
attention of your eyes or attention of
your like hands or whatever is the same
things like your actual attention but
that's the most important thing like yes
I mean like it's very easy to distract
yourself while you're looking at the
road and your hands around the wheel but
you're talking to someone you're not
really thinking that much about what's
going on like to be more passive than
active while driving so a lot of newer
cars have like a like a new league
program or whatever built in that'll
tell you if like you're getting tired by
like giving less attention to the road
like watch her hasn't shown no idea
maybe but alright last thing for you do
you think it's more important for the
Democratic Party coming up here to try
and get a very liberal candidate who's
doing a lot of things that you know you
guys want or do you think it's more
important to
do that so as to enter energized
Republican Party and instead get someone
who's just kind of a moderate a Biden or
something if you will so what do you
think a lot better I think American
people want some pretty extreme like
most I think like things like
single-payer health care like pull like
really what will all Americans right now
it wouldn't surprise me of like paying
for education or everybody pull as well
as well I'd have to look those numbers
up now I'm not sure but don't you think
it's extremely dangerous for the Trump
2020 odds of or whatever the [ __ ] it is
of basically putting like someone that
would completely energized all the
Republicans out there like [ __ ] you
don't like Trump but you're gonna get
some [ __ ] like trans activists unless
you get them I mean like why would you
why would the Democrats want to do that
versus a hundred percent being able to
probably get someone in who was just
kind of tame do you think it could be
wrong but I feel like in all of our
recent examples of American politics
people trying to play moderate positions
and of getting absolutely [ __ ] [ __ ]
stomped I mean like McCain got
absolutely [ __ ] [ __ ] stopped and that
was the Republicans attempt to like come
to the middle and like [ __ ] Hillary
got absolutely [ __ ] [ __ ] stopped and
that was like the Democrats kind of sort
of trying to like meet in the middle
like I don't know just the idea I think
you think it's completely worthless to
try and pander at all to Republican
voters who think energize the [ __ ] out
of your energize the [ __ ] out of your
Democratic base and you can probably win
you complain Trump's Trump's Republican
approval is only ninety percent you
think for those remaining ten percent
you're like [ __ ] them we might as well
just you know not count amenable to get
that 10 person trying to be moderate and
energizing those 10 percent of or
whatever [ __ ] Republicans you're
gonna lose you're gonna lose a lot of
the support from a lot of you Democrats
they're not gonna want to go out and
vote in like over [ __ ] third party or
some [ __ ] yeah feels like I mean that's
kind of what hat like a lot of people
want energized to go and vote for
Hillary right compared to companion to
Obama it's kind of not fair but I mean
they won't
yeah but this situation is kind of
[ __ ] though like if you put this like
super Bernie [ __ ] candidate and I
feel like you're gonna lose a lot of
wealthy Democrats
I don't think Barney I don't think most
of Bernie's positions like on like
education and health care shooter as
extreme is like that might feel nobody's
axe planned was pretty insane last time
he was running did he actually publish
an actual tax plan he did it wasn't it
like almost 50 percent taxes for some of
the higher bracket I'm not talking
your brackets like you're making a
billion dollars a year I'm talking like
you're making over a million dollars
here fuck'em yeah okay you say [ __ ] them
because that's a stupid [ __ ] peasant
way of acting it but these are the
people who buy [ __ ] ads on TV and
keep these people from making it or not
making it well like you're real worried
what you'd really have to worry about
that whatever you just said [ __ ] that
[ __ ] you're real Corey would be a
capital flight is your is your big issue
because you don't want people that
you're taxing higher to just take the
money out of the u.s. that would be like
the real thing you'd have to try to find
a way to style I don't know what the
correct answer is today you'd need like
multilateral trade agreements to enforce
that type of tax law it is that even
possible remotely to do like that you're
talking about like rural blah saying
that I can't take my money out of the
United States yeah but you'd have to
enforce it via the WTO something people
like Ireland need to be held accountable
yeah it seems very unlikely to have
happen yeah especially because wealthy
people are typically the ones that are
funded I don't know I mean this is the
fact wealthy people Ming the [ __ ]
rules and you're basically by putting
some candidate like I think a lot of
people in chat why you're gonna divide
the Democratic Party at least that's how
I fight a lot I don't I don't moderates
don't win elections I don't think this
happens moderates just don't do well
like III I don't think I see like
putting a moderate and is gonna help
anybody it's gonna do energize the
Democratic base and it's not gonna pull
Republicans over because we're publicans
even Democrats it's [ __ ] commies
anyway like you have the past presidents
we've had how many would you classify as
moderate versus I mean like Barack Obama
was black which is pretty extreme for
lots of publicans I think I would
classify Barack Obama as a moderate
really being black
yeah use we're not like super like know
compared to somebody like McCain no way
okay McCain sure was more moderate also
destiny I'd point out that I don't think
that you're the you're making
assumptions essentially about the source
of democratic energy right now okay in
my view and this is backed up by I think
the whole of the 2018 cycle is that all
the democratic energy is coming from
Trump it's not coming from any
particular cat well you say that but if
if we end up with a very lackluster or
boring candidate I think that energy
will disappear very quickly
or rather won't be channeled in the ways
that it could be I mean now that's not
to say like trouble always energized
hatred I mean it's easy if you have a
common enemy right but but if we end up
with some real [ __ ] lackluster
candidates I could see a lot of people
being less motivated to go out and vote
thinking nothing will change I I have an
example to sort of counter I guess sure
and I haven't met this guy now I think
I've only met him like two or three
times he's a congressman from New Jersey
a guy named Andy Kim he out stood a
congressman named Tom MacArthur this
last cycle now I had met Tom MacArthur
several times when I was in school and
also when I was at NBC and let me tell
you funny guy
not great policy stances for his
electorate generally but he had held the
seat and Republicans that held that seat
for you know most the last few decades I
think Democrats at some point won it for
like a cycle or two but Kim was a pretty
milquetoast candidate he won and the
reason he won is because Trump that's
really it
sure I'm kind of talking about like I
said we see more polling data we have to
see it but like I guess like my general
feeling is that like if somebody like a
Bernie gets through to the finals I feel
like you've got like not only do you
have that energized hatred of Trump
you've got like a candidate that people
would love to rally around but like it
feels like if somebody like like like a
bomb like you wouldn't want to run like
martin O'Malley or some [ __ ] yeah yeah
yeah or something like that people would
just feel like man like we'd still
really hate Trump but man I feel like
the energy around something like that
would be way way way less yeah I don't
think Biden is a great example but to
your broader point yes maybe no I hate
by debt why do people like buy it and so
much but why do you hate button I just
don't like him I don't know I just know
reserve reason behind your hatred it
feels like people just like mctv's
Brock's VP like can he do a lot of [ __ ]
like in Congress prior to Barack Obama
I'm not I don't just I don't hate buying
I just don't know enough about his
legislative record of like getting stuff
passed everything was like pretty [ __ ] I
mean he was a senator for a pretty long
time I'm not sure what his record on
actually getting legislation passed was
I mean he was around like in the 90s and
shouts he voted for the Iraq war it
didn't like everybody [ __ ] vote for
the Iraq war
we're really pretty together is that
yeah pretty much America mode of attack
personally bringing that up is pretty
[ __ ] real question though like we had
the two extremes we had Hillary versus
[ __ ] Trump wait Hillary's not extreme
weather it's very moderate that was we
were to put Trump and if we were to put
Trump and Bernie on like a map I think
he would fall pretty close slightly to
the left like Bernie was a very
progressive candidate that had a
massively progressive voting record to
back it up and like has no problem
calling himself like a [ __ ] I'm not
saying about the moderate thing I'm
saying about energizing the Republican
base like the number one most hated get
people out to vote [ __ ] candidate was
Hillary yo ya - see ya for sure yeah
yeah and the Democrats lost that and
you're talking about putting someone up
that's arguably gonna be even easier for
them to go up against which is gonna be
someone like for I I don't know did we'd
have to look at the numbers I don't
think Dems we're excited to vote for
Hillary also I feel like they worry
I feel like Bernie's positions are just
like the the positions seem to pull well
and I mean if he gets his rhetoric out
there like people like the idea for
education people like the idea of
single-payer like I don't know yeah I
don't I don't disagree that people like
that I just I very skeptical that we're
gonna win this time doing the exact same
[ __ ] thing we did last I don't think
they do exact something is it a last
time the biggest problem that the
Democrat Party made last time in my
opinion was completely and totally
[ __ ] ignoring the progressive
existence and the Democrat Party holy
[ __ ] like it didn't even exist and I
don't think that's gonna happen again
especially not with people like the AOC
making it in and being like making such
a splash and everything like III think
we're gonna I think the Democrats we pay
more attention this time around does any
I stalled what were Hillary's like
actual positions like thinking back on
and maybe I'm like just forgetting I
don't remember like a single position
that she like brought to the table that
was like different or like anything you
know I mean honestly at her platform was
by the end of the primary her platform
did resemble Sanders and when cuz then
every debate ended up moving over on
every [ __ ] issue they burning hold
aids are basically like somebody to ask
a question and bring be like this is my
thing and Hillary
me too except mine is even better that
was like every wish you wish like that's
the argument against closed primaries
right cuz that really just weakened her
in the general huh but um yes I mean she
was I don't know it's hard to remember
but I think she was Pro TPP than anti
TPP I mean there were all fairly
standard like middle-of-the-road
Democratic positions it wasn't really
anything too crazy except there might
have been like a community college plan
or something like that
I feel like I remember Bernie's business
really well and like Trump's positions
cuz they like because the rhetoric was
very strong they are very simple yeah
and Hillary was like a hot sauce and
came on go to the polls yeah I don't
doubt the Hillary was a [ __ ] candidate I
just don't think everyone I was like oh
yeah if you put vernian we would have
won by now I just don't think it's the
[ __ ] key I think Bernie would have
well I think Bernie would have won okay
it just seemed like everybody was tired
of like going from like president to
president yeah we're like an
anti-establishment election no I was
like young people that we talk about I
think would be definitely agreeing with
you
people who [ __ ] buy the ads on TVs
and do this [ __ ] no they weren't [ __ ]
thrilled about being taxed fifty percent
going up like from thirty nine or
whatever the [ __ ] it is two fifty
no I think the spend would have been way
down and the individual contributions
don't mean [ __ ] compared to like how
much money Hillary raised and even then
she [ __ ] up I just I think you guys
are like delusional on this [ __ ] if you
run someone who's gonna [ __ ] take way
more [ __ ] money from me I'm not gonna
vote for that person I'm not saying I'll
vote for Trump either but still like why
are you putting us in that [ __ ]
situation why can't we have an
incremental change versus literally hey
Dan guess what we're gonna have free
health care but also we're gonna double
you I mean that's probably what would
have happened it's not like Bernie would
have walked into Congress in a bit like
all right guys day one 50% tax like
that's not gonna happen right it would
be everybody knows those types of taken
you know those are never surviving
Congress I'm gonna happen anyway right I
don't know I work someone on ok yes I
can know this because Trump at because
Trump had plans and even with
Republicans filling both sides of
Congress he was able to get [ __ ] any
hardly anything in his [ __ ] agenda
pass so I mean like I would say that
like chances are Bernie wouldn't have
been able to pass like a comprehensive
like overhaul [ __ ] of the tax shift
like there's no way
yeah like even taking
out the of the 2018 cycle and assuming
that they could get some backing from
Republicans which they maybe you know
they couldn't for these sorts of plans
do you think Democrats like Manchin are
gonna come out and vote for this they're
not because their districts wouldn't
allowed it they get voted out of all
senators and congressmen still need to
get reelected in their own districts as
well like I don't think a 50% tax was
ever gonna come like anytime soon I mean
I guess but then you see the blind
[ __ ] allegiance that Republicans have
the Trump right now basically I mean
with the exception of the wall passing
but all but the most unpalatable [ __ ]
[ __ ] that they do I would be concerned
that you don't think Democrats could
have that level believe they could I
just don't know the Bernie Bernie
captures this type of energy it's just
not the same sort of like fanatical
energy I don't think I could be wrong
there do you think Trump has more energy
than Bernie does that's not quite what
I'm saying it's I would say it's more
that the energy is different like what
we've seen some Bernie people get
disillusioned with him over the last
couple of years after his candidacy kind
of stopped and I mean that's happened to
Trump as well but I feel like it's
happened to a much lesser degree there
is one anecdote that doesn't really
matter is like my mom was willing to
vote for Bernie instead of Trump but
like [ __ ] hated Hillary Clinton and
my mom is like very [ __ ] far right so
I don't really know why that is they're
just she's [ __ ] hey listen populism
appeals to all so do you feel like
Bernie's the best candidate so far
that's announced I haven't researched
them enough to know but I mean like
Bernie is pretty chill so I mean a semi
he's got all the same positions as the
last time I still don't like his
protectionism [ __ ] but meaning what like
because he seemed pretty anti-free trade
anti-globalist
in terms of like economic [ __ ] I suppose
I mean I guess we'll see where it's
gonna come down to yeah all right well
that's it for my [ __ ] [ __ ] everyone
in chat call me [ __ ] stupid what do
you retards done literally walking
nothing oh listen down we all know they
just want to keep your money yeah yeah
that's how most people [ __ ] boat is
you know I'm not saying there's anything
wrong with that I would just say we all
oh he's like yeah that's your right
don't worry Dan if we take all your
money yang gang will give it back hey
wait one last thing before I go all you
guys who love you Andrew yang I just
want that you know he has so little
chance to win he's not even on the
betting websites you know who's above
Andrew yang [ __ ] John McAfee so cry
yourself like it's never [ __ ]
happening
yang Kang can suck my you-know-what oh
my god again I'm gonna buy my stream to
talk to him that'll change okay people
I'm all right $1,000 a month everybody
qualified for debates hasni like the
first Balkan raise like reading like the
$20,000 guys I'm gonna love it when he
gets [ __ ] out uh all the gang gang
are you gonna give me $1,000 a month
hark down yeah well I know who's not
gonna give it to you this guy who's not
gonna be [ __ ] president I'll say you
know maybe for Stevens sake hold this
[ __ ] talk until after he comes on the
podcast next week or whatever I mean
it's a fact you have to I mean a real
question to ask this guy is can be like
why are you doing this you know you have
zero chance of winning that's not a fair
question I mean Bernie had zero chance
when he started what did what did he
make his announcement - he's like a
podium in the grass with like 20 people
no like literally nobody around the
country knew the that's a fair question
to ask of why you're doing it you know
you're not gonna win now are you
planning on winning next year where are
you gonna go oh no no wait wait wait
Bernie had a real shot at winning though
Bernie made it a lot farther than
anybody I mean that he was he was never
close to winning the nah he's not really
close if you lose but I say not remotely
close almost you're lying to yourself if
you thought that Bernie would have gone
as far as he did was he ever gonna win
with like how [ __ ] the South was
probably not but he made it way far
there was what is your definition of God
as far as he did my business to me is he
just didn't drop out way long like way
way after it became clear he would yeah
I mean he definitely stayed in for
longer than he probably should have
especially after all the defeats of the
south but I mean like he got way more
popular he got way more media attention
on his his policies and being taken
seriously as a candidate than anybody
thought he would like he was a literal
[ __ ] no-name at the beginning and by
the end of it like people want he's like
I'm [ __ ] anyway was a student a
senator well just because you're
doesn't mean it was a [ __ ] you are what
do you mean you really think Bernie was
as popular
you really think Bernie was as popular
as a [ __ ] senator as it was as a
presidential candidate no certainly not
yeah I mean like I I think Bernie got a
lot farther than people ever thought he
would and also to be clear Bernie was
much higher in the odds than Andrew yang
right now when he came in was he
I mean he's yeah iron bull numbers to
[ __ ] like last time like a lot smaller
than it is now yeah well it feels like
it was a lot I had all the films I'm
[ __ ] handling it wasn't like O'Malley
Clinton and I think everybody just kind
of like was like okay it's Clinton Stern
yeah did Oprah announce if she's running
or anything I I hope not why don't like
I don't like guys there is no [ __ ]
chance
Andrew Yang is top six why are you
throwing this like obviously false he's
not in the top 30 dan is about to get
yang gang I can't stop I'm gonna get
McAfee too before I get yang game okay
all right can we pull the next person
down are you Ben go for it
welcome Gallagher wait hold on one
second I'm gonna go talk to those the
plebeians and know one thing
I love all of you very much you're all
very special to me and you're all very
beautiful people and I hope you guys
come back next week well do the same
thing and other six are all right I can
write down the names of who's here okay
what's up Ben how you doing good how are
you pretty good okay I'm sorry I can't
like right at the end to you and I have
to leave pretty soon but hit me up with
a quick thing what do you got alright I
believe the strings were pulled for
quasi realism okay what does that mean
all right so I'll do the scientific one
but most people do it ethically like
people who don't believe in moral facts
hell yeah all right all right so let's
say first of all do you believe that
there is like an external world
I'd like to yeah okay well that's that's
a decent starting premise okay I don't
know if I can
know about it but to start from any
other assumption leads to absurdity so I
would say yes right no okay yeah the
fact that you you don't have any like
phenomenal exert direct experience with
it that's what quasi realism is right
yep correct so the idea is that there is
an external world probably but the only
like one-on-one experience you have with
it is like phenomenal yep like you have
like experience of it but it's not
intimate so out of chess so because so
people follow wrong so the difference is
like phenomenally means that I can see
something and I can feel something but I
can't truly know anything about that
independent of all my senses communicate
I can't become intimately familiar with
any physical object I just have to trust
with my senses are telling me about that
particular object yeah okay good yeah
yeah exactly and so the idea behind
scientific quasi realism is so you have
no intimate knowledge of the external
world you have like phenomenal
experience of it so out of that you
build like your own like model of how
the world works out of your phenomenal
experience yeah
now the question would be do you think
like maybe like the properties or
objects in this experiential world that
you've just built are those not real or
are those as real as anything we can
ever know are the properties of the
external world that I build on my qualia
as real as anything that can be known is
that what you're asking yes yeah nothing
can be really than that yeah right okay
so that's that's that's essentially
quasi realism for science at least so
people like scientific anti-realists
they'll be like like you can't know what
an atom is like they don't [ __ ] exist
because you can't see touch blah blah
blah there's no intimate experience but
for quasi realists they're like we have
a model of how we think it works based
on phenomenal experience and that our
modelled world is our real world so
that's all we all we can know sure and
so far as like yeah otherwise the I mean
if we were yeah and so far as any
definition of the word real can ever
mean right right so you're like a moral
fancy realist right correct so just take
that like the same thing we just did for
science but now apply it to ethics no I
don't think you can do that oh why not
why not
[ __ ] for the record I'm not like and my
ethics is really weak but I think this
is the only I don't know good are now
more ethics so like yeah my difference
here is I think that the process by
which we arrive at experiential evidence
is commonly shared between all people
and can can be like routed out I guess
and other like experiential things like
I I can I through testing I know that I
have like hands and I've got like a
brain and I've got like neural
connections and other [ __ ] right bla bla
bla bla bla and I can like follow us for
moral fact I don't think that that
process is I don't think that process
resembles that at all
I like hmm so it's because you don't
have like so like you're saying for
science you a phenomenal experience of
like the physical world but for ethics
it's not of the physical world and stuff
like societal norms and stuff well well
I argue everything is physical right now
I'm a hard hard line physical listener
material right but yeah so like um I
don't think that like like I guess like
if I were to ask somebody like I want to
figure out what color something is right
like there are certain like experiential
things and data that we can collect
about that right so like what you know
and we can we can we can create like a
framework to understand this as well
right so like color it you know when you
shine a light at something certain
colors of the of the spectrum are
absorbed by it certain codes are
reflected by it our eyes pick up on
certain wavelengths based on their cones
or whatever in our eyes right we can
have a working definition and all this
we could start we could talk about a lot
of these things that exist like and
hopefully that exists in the external
world but when we talk about moral facts
we're not pointing to anything in the
external world like we're relying
completely on I guess like some operate
logic and then like some intuitions that
we seem to have that not everybody
shares about what should be like I feel
like the conversation is way different
no okay so actually the argument you
just gave for how we know things about
like the physical world huh I feel like
that's the exact same way we talk about
moral facts like okay so the difference
was for the physical world you made the
assumption that there was like some
unknown unreachable like underlying
framework for reality right and then you
for ethics you're making the assumption
that that doesn't exist but like
completely throw those assumptions at
the window
the only way we build a model of the
physical world is like you know through
this like collaborative you know
phenomenal experience like we all kind
of we all see it we all you know
experience it slightly differently but
pretty much the same we build a model of
the world do the exact same thing with
ethics that's that's all that ethical
theory is yeah but the problem here in
my opinion is that if I from a physical
sense it seems okay hopefully I'm not
loading this with too much
presupposition [ __ ] but it seems to
me that our physical models that we're
building of the world are probably
approximating what exists in reality
because we're getting greater predictive
things out of these models that allow us
to do more with our understanding so
forth so that was a lot of [ __ ]
right so like computers computers exist
because of a long like process of
building physical models that hopefully
approximates what exists in reality and
then we're able to manipulate that
information that we have to build things
that are more and more complicated and
complex hopefully because we're getting
a better understanding of what is real
for moral fact I can't I can't point to
anything like that I can't point to like
a building of moral truth that like over
time approximates a greater right or can
you think of like an equivalent to that
or do you think that's not fair for me
to bring up right no I think that's a
solid point that yeah for science we
have like we have like a predictive 6 we
have predictive success because of the
model of reality we've built mm-hmm
where I was like I can put like can't
like wrote like [ __ ] 12,000 [ __ ]
pages or more realism and he could be
just as close to the truth as anybody
else right but if we want to talk about
like a flat earther versus like somebody
that understands that the shape of the
earth is more complicated than that well
we can actually like have predictive
models that kind of like test out like
well this is probably like the fact that
the earth is a knob would sphere or
whatever is more approximate to reality
than Flat Earth because we like fly
spaceships around the planet but there
is no way ever at a test moral fact in
my opinion doesn't seem to be the case I
think that's a I think that's a solid
response the only thing I can think of
is your your kind of you you like the
idea that our models of reality are
approximating to the actual reality and
I mean I feel like there's this whole
movement in like philosophy of science
like started by I forget his first name
but Kuhn and his idea was that we just
go through these revolutions and we're
not approximating anything yeah oh god
you're talking about a [ __ ]
incommensurability or whatever yeah yep
I don't I hate I think all those
arguments are bullsh
that's cuz the guy that's argued with me
about them I feel like he has a rephrase
them in a way that I feel like it's I I
don't I I don't know [ __ ] I don't want
to misquote like REM here
cuz he's the guy that argues this but
like like I hear this idea that like
what we go through scientific revolution
ever cited revolution and things that
you used to call an electron now are
referring to totally different things
just because that's true I don't think
that means that our new models don't
necessarily approximate reality better
like I feel like if you wanted to attack
that position what you would have to say
is just because you're getting better
results from something doesn't mean that
you're approximating reality better but
I feel like at that point you're getting
it's like weird like either epistemic
arguments or some other type of thing
that is that will get like a lot more
foundational that I don't even know if I
could have that conversation yeah I
think well I feel like no matter the
longer we talk about this we're gonna
get into an epistemic problem right like
sure I mean like with like I could see
people being like like against like the
idea that math is all circular [ __ ]
and in some ways right because math is
like kind of like foundationally built
on axiomatic stuff and we don't really
have experience all stuff relating to
math but for like for observations about
the physical world like things built in
physics I just I have a hard time saying
that like all of that is arbitrary
[ __ ] or that that's like the same
way as like moral fact exists because
like we've made I would like to say
we've made real progress in physics
insofar as we have a better
understanding the world we can
manipulate aspects of the world better
but I just I don't feel like that exists
with moral fact at all wait we still
have Christians today we had Christians
you know 2,000 years ago you know we
still got people to believe certain
things today then and some of them are
the same some of them are different but
okay I feel like the only the only okay
if I bought like your premises on how
science is like kind of moving forward
incrementally you know toward being a
better approximation yeah then yeah I
think you could totally be a moral aunty
realist your argument sounds totally
valid sure but I I have trouble buying
that premise I don't think we're getting
better and better at approximating
reality why not I think on a fundamental
level I am kind of a scientific
anti-realist the reason I say quasi
realist is because our models are
functional and as they change we're
going to gain new function lose old
function actually in some cases wait
wait can you
sample of that that's really important
yeah yeah because of a lot of elephant
well to complete your argument because
if we move from model to model and we're
losing old function as we move to new
models then that would be a very strong
supporter of your argument we're not
actually understanding the world better
we're just using different models that
have different applications right right
mm-hmm so okay so I know there's a
modern example of it has to do with like
a classical versus quantum
electrodynamics that I'm gonna sound
[ __ ] if I try to give it right now
on stream come on so I know there's
electrodynamics yeah okay
I want to ignore that one because I'll
wait till I actually can read up on it
again but there's an older example
that'll give and that's just back back
in astronomy you had a originally at
olam a ik astronomy okay and what they
did is they had like a their model of
the universe was that Earth was in the
center and you had like these
crystalline spheres okay and they
actually had like some pretty
sophisticated mathematics for how these
spheres would move together with one
another in order to very accurately
predict stellar and planetary movement
mm-hmm in the sky and then we had
caperna Copernicus come along and he was
like you know heliocentric model planets
are orbiting the Sun he didn't have a
force to explain how it was working but
he was like this is how it actually is
more physically represented huh
but when we move from that the
predictive power of the Copernican model
was way poorer than this whole to Mayock
model even though it was a better
approximation of how reality was working
and you could make the argument he was
just missing some like extra steps which
he was yeah that would kind of be like
my do my stream open not [ __ ] open
well like I I'm just trying like a Venn
diagram like it's possible that like
something like like maybe there's like
this theory exists here or so like I'll
make the old theory is like the red
theory and then like the new theory is
like is like the blue theory and then
maybe like maybe reality is like is like
this purple circle holy [ __ ] does it is
it up yeah yeah you're drawing a diagram
for my from the paper area actually oh
[ __ ] okay well you have a third circle
wait what's your third circle I only
have two circles okay
don't ever base anything you join school
on what the dome should I say right so
like let's say that we have
I'm sorry I literally smell good let's
say that red let's say that red is our
old theory right okay
and then let's say that blue is our new
theory right okay and let's say purple
is our is reality what is real okay okay
so like it's possible that the blue
theory like it has more more in line
with what is reality like it's
describing reality better but maybe
there were parts of the red theory that
describe reality that give us more
predictive power so like yeah sure so
like the blue theory would is incomplete
somehow it needs to encompass this like
in a similar way that like gravity I
don't think is accounted for yet under
like quantum right quantum dynamics
quanta figures right but like everything
else in physics is accounted for using
quantum physics like all classical
mechanics can be extrapolated from
quantum physics save for from quantum
mechanics save for gravity right now
it's like the one thing that there have
been working on for the past 50 years
right but um but yeah so I think that
like if you wanted to say if you gave me
the argument just because something
approximates reality doesn't necessarily
mean it gives us more predictive power
than something else that could be true
because I guess cuz of this [ __ ]
diagram and I'm sure you could find
examples of it or what you just gave
that that astronomy example but that
doesn't necessarily mean that like
better theories can't exist that explain
like they don't have to be mutually
exclusive it's like a false dilemma
right that's that's a [ __ ] great
diagram I've actually not seen it put
like that Thanks there you go
do you don't do grad work for philosophy
do you no I don't I don't
oh well there you go that's the that
came from the grad student wiki
Wikipedia that I have special access to
so that's a good way to put it [ __ ] what
are you yeah I don't know you gonna talk
anymore about quasi realism or you are
you done um oh I'm sure my buddy is that
I'm going what else you got real quick
[ __ ] you libertarian [ __ ] no all right
thank good but worried about Chicago now
or now I'm back in Pennsylvania right
now i'll back in Pennsylvania okay yeah
should be Pennsylvania well hey listen I
love you it's been fun we'll talk more
in the future of your next Sunday
whatever okay au revoir
okay have one piece
um wait why is Irish lady so mad if
destiny feels uncomfortable hosting dump
[ __ ] character assassinations of me he
probably won't care about attempts to
correct them wait what character
assassination did I do have Irish laddie
he was talking about the other guy who
came in and was talking about Irish
light he shouldn't be platformed or
whatever I don't know well I mean he uh
neurotically says to kill he did it to
like X goes like 10 times in their
argument didn't he fight he also made me
mad because he like tried to go in the
pull in next room like to skip the line
and I was like no ok close it next
Sunday okay okay listen I love you guys
it's been fun okay so I'm kinda short
today because I have to watch movie
because it's part of my stream oh here
we go boys hey I'll be back tonight okay
I'm pretty sure I'm gonna play the bomb
game tonight yeah maybe we can and then
tomorrow I have the radler which is a
guitarist ray do I need to like prepare
a list of questions to ask people where
yeah I think they're gonna have segments
and stuff and I'm gonna be on co-hosting
to find you love ya but I need to like
questions right now I'll ask the ask
Claude then I can get back to you later
tonight cuz I'm not sure I'm gonna make
them have a we have a wrap off section
they're gonna wrap through your love ah
this is cringes oh yeah do you really
want a girl you can't spit fire off the
top of her head honestly okay all right
I love you all very much
are we okay yeah oh wait wait hold on
wait so there actually is tomorrow I
don't think anyone's on Tuesday yeah oh
wait oh no yang needed to reschedule for
Tuesday I don't on the [ __ ] that's gonna
be the one say Thursday right okay cool
all right yeah pretty Bad's before you
leave yeah okay thanks buddy
hey you know what that snap means if
you've got a twitch prime
throw that [ __ ] the [ __ ] up Twitter
prime amazon prime student prime no
actually we had I just run out in the
Riverina okay
Ripper inner cappuccino cappuccino
cappuccino my opportunity no cappuccino
Al Pacino my dudes be careful stay safe
hopefully I'll come back tonight we'll
talk about Captain Marvel
[Music]
