alright guys I'm excited to announce
that I am retiring from [ __ ] [ __ ]
internet politics I'm becoming a
professional apex legends player tons of
Shep resentment airs he was clearly
implying Felicity's being racist well
it's not even so much is that it's it
like man did I don't know these justice
Democrats just seem like [ __ ] shitty
[ __ ] politicians like they just seem
like [ __ ] garbage
I even like so I saw that so I'll give
you the timeline of like what I've done
like for today I'll give you the
timeline of like what of them today and
then you can we can talk through it I
guess but oh my god did I like my
opinion of like justice Democrats was
like pretty positive I would say eight
hours ago like they seemed like cool
dudes they represent a lot of the
progressive ideas that I like and then
digging more into it it's like Oh what
the [ __ ] these people are literally
[ __ ] like dog [ __ ] worthless people
like horrible [ __ ] politicians that
are never gonna get [ __ ] anything done
in Congress can you expand on why I
think that um yeah albums just wait for
a few more maybe I shouldn't say justice
dem agree to that what do you refer what
how do you refer to the for like
progressive demin like destiny acting
like justice never gets got mobilizes
social media and mass for action is
borderline [ __ ] oh the squad yeah
but like Twitter doesn't mean [ __ ] all
dog like that's the problem right like
when I listen to like some of these
people like a OCS respond to Pelosi I
feel like I'm looking at a virtue of
myself talking about electorate politics
like when I was like 23 like it's cringy
as [ __ ] like Pelosi made that comment
about how like oh like the squad there's
only four of them and then AOC responded
like well actually we represent the
interests of millions of people's like
wow good [ __ ] job dude
that's not how legislation gets passed
right if only for a few people are
voting on some crazy [ __ ] [ __ ] that
you're proposing in Congress doesn't
mean anything right you have to be
willing to actually like go out onto the
blow and get other people to vote on
your legislation which is what people
like Pelosi do right you have to be
politically effective going into Twitter
and then like [ __ ] [ __ ] on all
the other Democrats what the [ __ ] why
would you shut on your own [ __ ] party
when do you like these pivotal elections
are coming up and your [ __ ] stirring and
your own
party you won't even go to the [ __ ]
speaker the house to talk about some of
these problems first what the [ __ ] is
wrong with you
holy [ __ ] I don't know all right well
we'll talk about it when we get into it
oh my god how can you argue that
Pelosi's politically effective what this
is like it's so strange
maybe I just identify with everybody
that gets attacked from both sides
but like Pelosi he's been in Congress
for like [ __ ] decades Republicans
[ __ ] hate Pelosi because of her
position in Congress like it's so
strange because I grew up hating Pelosi
because of my relation of my parents
like as a Republican like I always
thought like Apple is he's a [ __ ]
deviling everything she doesn't horrible
blah blah blah um David Pakman gets
shipped for critiquing aoc they think he
is too tough well what could you
critique a CEO and she hasn't done
[ __ ] [ __ ] she probably [ __ ] won't
accept stir [ __ ] up on Twitter and shits
on other Democratic candidates and like
Bucky swing states like goes to these
dams that are in these like barely like
that's great AOC that you're in like a
what do you would would you call like a
d-plus 30 district like good job like
you unseated like an Inc unit like it in
a massively [ __ ] in a massively
[ __ ] blue disease really
congratulations like that's really cool
why the [ __ ] are you going to these like
hotly contested seats of telling these
people that they need to [ __ ] like
you know like pluck and make love to gay
people a TV or some [ __ ]
or I don't know I'm exaggerating like
holy [ __ ] like there's like no political
effectiveness of like anything that
these people talk about it's like insane
and then like you've got an incumbent
incumbent incumbent what did I say Inc
event I don't remember still doesn't
explain how policies politically
effective Pelosi gets [ __ ] done that's
her job as the speaker is to get [ __ ]
done and most of the Democratic Congress
seems to agree that she gets [ __ ] done I
mean we can google [ __ ] if you wanna
bring up like oh well here's a history
of why you should support Nancy Pelosi
passed the lilly Ledbetter Equal Pay Act
pass the Matthew Shepard Hate Crimes
Prevention Act passed the dodd-frank
Wall Street regulation Act passed the
American Recovery Reinvestment I passed
the ACA critical I think we can go
through like all the legislation and
[ __ ] name [ __ ] okay fine the new GI Bill
the credit card holders Bill of Rights
FDA regulation of tobacco the first
improvement to fuel efficiency status in
32 years the largest increase is student
aid that ever which in which included
ending subsidies paying close tax
loopholes for offshoring and the money
was spilled on teacher I mean like what
do you mean like
health care discrimination based on
Mental Illness race of animal age for
the first time in ten years push you
through despite a Republican president
establish the office of congressional
ethics repealed Don't Ask Don't Tell
well I mean what do you want like she
literally just ruined the CBP bill so we
can spend today researching that if you
want I already feel like I know what it
is though but we can um but we can go
into it maybe well while a se has been
elected what is Pelosi done I don't know
if Democrats have said anything when
Republicans have had like a pretty
strong hold on on the house of seven
although the Dems have flipped a little
although we'll see what comes up coming
into the upcoming um Jesse you're not
being intelligent hold on you might get
banned one second you're not being
intelligent over fifty percent of the
population don't want progresses
position is that those seats are only
contested because Dems for in a light
Republican against a Republican and
demographic choice you don't have to run
soft Republicans if I win Republic City
won by running somebody different okay
let's see that happening like it so
you're telling me that like in [ __ ]
Alabama they're really just waiting for
that ultra progressive socialist [ __ ]
candidate that that's what destiny what
about Pelosi not wanting to impeach
Trump okay we can research this too I
was under the impression that the
Republican impeachment of Clinton ended
up playing very poorly for them
politically after that to the after the
math the after method that didn't play
well do you really think that like do
you really think that trying to impeach
Trump and failing is something that's
going to like benefit the Democratic
Party I'm sorry but I don't think
impeaching Trump is the way to go win
the [ __ ] votes not trying to win
through [ __ ] impeachment you should
be able to [ __ ] do this it's not
[ __ ] hard all right I mean um
damn what do we why can't you calmly
explain this I don't know because no
because I feel like I was too hard on a
honesty before because I like have soft
disagreements with it takes but I didn't
realize how [ __ ] cancer is her chief
of staff was and all the crazy [ __ ]
[ __ ] like I thought that Pelosi was just
being an [ __ ] but like imagine you're
trying to run you're trying to run your
Democratic Party and get anything done
is for the most divisive political times
in all of [ __ ] history and you have
four newcomers that don't know [ __ ] all
about passing legislation then come into
Congress and are constantly taking shots
and you
party members on [ __ ] social media
what the [ __ ] like if this was a
business you get [ __ ] fired
immediately if this was local politics
and I know this because I checked with
two different people that are involved
with local politics before I came on
today because I wanted to make sure that
I wasn't crazy because when I started
reading this I was like hold on [ __ ] I
was I think I just hate progressives oh
I must be like counter jerky I've got to
be crazy so I called stalled and then
one other guy who's coming up wanted
reveal but I call two people that like
work like pretty deeply with politics
and they gave me the exact same thing
they said that like if this should
happen at a local level you would be
excommunicated so [ __ ] quickly for
undermining your party that this type of
[ __ ] is oh and I am don't stall position
isn't exactly as equal as might well be
first all said that maybe um well uh
hold on I don't want to court stall
directly actually cuz it's not fair
Pete's not here to defend itself I'm
gonna put anything on him but like
there's a possibility that maybe like
AOC is trying to gear herself to be like
a party leader like later on down the
line and this is like some 7-dimensional
[ __ ] chest that she's playing to like
backstab certain Democrat but I don't
think so I don't think she's that
politically effective that that she like
has this [ __ ] in mind a centrosome arc
she has huge public support especially
in progressive areas yeah but this is
you don't understand in a district that
goes 30 points for Democrats nobody
gives a [ __ ] about what kind of support
you have these aren't the people that
are deciding elections right it's gonna
come down to the swing states that's
what that's the important electric to
focus on it's not going to like an area
where you were that weird said [ __ ]
words a d-plus 30 district and be like
yeah people here love me progressive
socialism everybody sweet socials have
you're not I'm gonna go on Twitter I'm
gonna [ __ ] tear you down what the
[ __ ] you're Democrats you supposed to
work together
they're not real lefties if they're not
in fighting so you think because it's
not the standard way to operate
what she's doing is straight wrong what
a great argument dude that's you're so
[ __ ] smart
yesterday I tied up milena and I try to
[ __ ] my dick into a bucking belly button
and she was like dude what the [ __ ] are
you doing that doesn't fit and I said oh
so because it's not the standard way of
having sex you're gonna stay here and
tell me it's not okay that's that's the
problem
what a great comment e8a plus can I can
week somebody get this guy contributor
somebody get this guy contributor badge
of my check for the A+ for the
progressive tier [ __ ] comment
thank you my dude backstabbing your own
party being politically ineffective when
I say people into ineffective and you're
not capable of working with anybody in
Congress to get anything [ __ ] done
and then proposing virtue secondly
legislation that doesn't have any
[ __ ] hope in a million years of
passing because of your political
ineffectiveness I would argue yeah
that's a bad thing that it doesn't seem
to actually do anything for people on
the ground all it does is it shows
everybody how [ __ ] virtue as you are
and who the [ __ ] cares it doesn't matter
for anything don't ever criticize your
own party ever you could criticize your
own party but there are better ways to
do it oh my god it's like children it is
all children isn't it it's like online
politics is cancer I'm just realizing it
all I politics is cancer that's the
point that's the that's how long it took
that's how long it took how old my
thirty took me ten years to realize that
online politics is cancer you guys think
that here's how a bill here's the way
that a bill passes okay step one think
of a real good idea okay who carries it
step two go on Twitter make sure
everybody on Twitter is all riled up
about it and then as soon as you have at
least I think it's it's thirty is it
30,000 or 40,000 likes on your tweet for
the for the bill to pass the house and
then I think you need another twin like
it's like 15,000 retweets and then it
gets passed the Senate and then and then
I don't know if the veto-proof retweet
majority is on and that's how you get
[ __ ] legislation passed know there are
ways to do this right work with your
party the whole [ __ ] system is there
it's established if you have problems
with other Democrats with a messaging
with some [ __ ] goin [ __ ] talk to
Pelosi that's why she's there she's the
[ __ ] speaker the house it's a [ __ ]
job to bring people together the [ __ ]
could get people to vote on [ __ ] it's
not go to Twitter and [ __ ] on other
Democrats in modern area x' and the
[ __ ] feed ammunition of the
Republicans who by the way him always
[ __ ] hated Pelosi because of how
politically effective she is don't fake
ammunition to the Bucky Republicans when
they see you [ __ ] on your [ __ ]
party what the [ __ ] is wrong with you
how the [ __ ] would you do that Kenny
exams were being politically effective
for the past two years I don't know what
she's done in terms of like the past two
years but prior to that she's been
involved in a whole bunch of [ __ ] can
you give me an example of AOC being
politically affected at any size shape
or form for anything besides winning her
seat but besides unseating another
Democrat like what can you tell me when
she's done the [ __ ]
you have its Internet politics like
that's what it feels like she's been in
office for like a year yeah and all
she's doing to shit-stirring she has
millions of Twitter followers what's
better than that the green New Deal was
unheard of until now how a ton of
Democratic candidates for president
supported you you're telling me that the
people that are running for nomination
who don't actually have to step up and
vote on it or paying lip service to it
good [ __ ] job dude tell me how many
[ __ ] votes that got in Congress right
[ __ ] off dude how many think they
couldn't get anybody this is what pull
over here let's read okay well let's
just [ __ ] read some [ __ ] threads
okay are you completely unfamiliar with
the concept of the auditing window dusty
Jeanne no if you have socialist so move
the open window to love bit oh I don't
know dude tell me all about it man tell
me about how throwing [ __ ] are
[ __ ] away your [ __ ] seats to
Republicans and districts because you're
trying to run to extreme left candidates
or or because you're undermining own
party and then like oh man that Overton
Window sure did shift it sure did shift
to the in the Supreme Court didn't it
man that Overton Window sure did it sure
did move really far in some direction
right man all those oof oh man if we had
four more years of Trump because of all
the infighting the Democrats man watch
that Overton Window just [ __ ] fly
away to the left oh ho so far LA that's
about the green New Deal the Green Deal
does mean [ __ ] all nobody cares about it
nobody likes it nobody's talking about
it
that the only thing you hear is
sometimes people believe lip service to
it in to base that legislation was
[ __ ] d.o.a deader than [ __ ] 2011
Gigabyte [ __ ] you d3h board okay [ __ ]
out of here okay let's not change the
Democratic Party at all [ __ ] all the
minorities the immigrants getting [ __ ]
over but it's not about that it's like
let's actually help people rather than
virtue signal about insanely progressive
ideas that don't have a [ __ ] bat what
is it a bats chance in hell a snowball's
chance in hell of actually getting past
why is party unity only matter when it
comes to progressives but it's only when
a societal [ __ ] on progresses all the
time
what establish when people are [ __ ]
on progressives can you give me examples
of this she supported waterboarding
against Trump impeachment she's part of
the old guard Pelosi is like one of the
most liberal voting records it's [ __ ]
Congress what the [ __ ] don't you agree
that the Democratic establishment
centers are center-right for a while do
you only believe that if your mind has
been poisoned with internet politics
because all you do is you
[ __ ] Sweden or you look at or you
look at [ __ ] I didn't even [ __ ]
know you or you or you go to [ __ ]
chapo Trap House and you're like oh yes
hmm
the ACA that was an extreme far-right
policy
Oh Nancy Pelosi I am aware of her she's
an extreme far-right candidate oh yes
Bernie Sanders he cites a center-right
about like joy go wake up and join the
[ __ ] real world dude American
politics don't follow the [ __ ]
Internet socialism means I did do people
not understand that extremely
progressive ideals are very popular in
swing states especially it depends on
what you mean by popular right Medicare
for all I think passes when people are
asked about it without going into any
specifics but as soon but as soon as you
start bringing up like hey we've got to
tax people a little bit to pay for it
that support for that drop stuff like
23% what we left positions to the
democratic assessment support things
like minimum wage things like social
health care probably a better
immigration policy like things like the
doc and the dreamer people probably a
little bit less foreign intervention
although it's hard to say with [ __ ]
Democrats although I don't even know if
that's good or bad but like when you say
left if you literally mean like show me
the page and in Das Kapital that the
[ __ ] next president a site that's not
the real left in America nobody thinks
that way that's Internet politics that's
literally you and in five hundred people
[ __ ] jerk in your own [ __ ] dicks
like talking about how cool [ __ ]
socialism nobody in the real political
world thinks that way voters don't think
that way Medicare for all polling over
6% even over to Illinois approving yeah
but assume it well I can take it up
later but that's one easy change with
the Democratic Party because this is an
ineffective party they're Republican
light okay why are you letting the
menorah tear al you up I don't know
internet politics is [ __ ] aids dude I
get like I maybe it's just like more and
more like every year like I feel more
and more sympathy for like actual
legislators like people that actually do
real [ __ ] work not [ __ ] post on
[ __ ] Twitter the [ __ ] is wrong with
you I gotta know and then it feels bad
and I wonder like [ __ ] like maybe I was
even wrong with like the Hillary versus
Bernie Shelly I don't actually [ __ ]
know anymore
like it looks like fifteen-year-olds I'm
talking about like a Oh see like posting
on Twitter like [ __ ] on other
Democrats the [ __ ] is wrong with you or
why not D AOC and the squad because
that's what they do too
I mean but and they're actually elected
politicians I don't know dog maybe maybe
you should talk to them let's read a
couple articles
Nancy Pelosi on Wednesday one
progressive members of Congress to stop
tweeting insults at their moderate
colleagues as one of the apparent
objects of her ire the Bronx Queen
representative Alex Andy or Ocasio
Cortes said the House Speaker was giving
her a busy work to keep her occupied I
was assigned to some of the busiest
committees and four subcommittees the
rookie congresswoman told The New Yorker
Radio Hour Tuesday so my hands are full
sometimes I wonder if they're trying to
keep me busy
a day later Lucy highlighted the
apparent rift between progressive and
moderate Democrats when she reportedly
dished up a closed-door scolding over
online trash-talking so again you got a
complaint I'll read this letter
so again you got a complaint you come
and talk to me about it Pelosi till
Democrats the Politico reported but do
not tweet about our members and expects
us to think that is just ok
the criticism by the 79 year old 17 term
California congresswoman came during the
caucuses first gathering after
progressives and moderate split over a
four point six billion dollar emergency
funding bill for the southern border
last month I'm here to help the children
when it's easy and when it's hard some
of you are here to make a beautiful pie
pie teh internal diseases but we're
making sausage most of the time Pelosi
told the caucus when asked later in the
Capitol if she would change her tweeting
habits Acacio cortez simply said no
according to the Daily Mail Nicasio
Cortez s Tuesday interview meanwhile
took place days after Pelosi mocked her
and freshman progressive colleagues
representative Ilmenau Mar Rasheeda
Talib and Diana Presley for their
Twitter based influence after they voted
against the emergency bill all these
people have their public whatever in
their Twitter world Pelosi told the New
York Times and a story published Sunday
but they don't have any following
they've got four people and that's how
many votes they got Acacio Cortez
responded in a tweet to her 4.3 million
followers saying that public whatever is
called public sentiment adding that's
how we actually achieve meaningful
change this country except you don't
have a [ __ ] books in Congress cuz
you're not actually doing work as a
congressman what the [ __ ] that's what
Pelosi is talking about you've got your
four [ __ ] votes but you haven't talked
to anybody else in Congress you haven't
anybody in Congress on board with your
legislation your you can't pass
legislation through Twitter the only
people that I know that think this is
how it works is [ __ ] these four
Democrats and [ __ ] Trump what the
[ __ ] it's called [ __ ] post democracy
there's a 37 percent support from
Medicare for all after being taught
about taxes I yeah I know it depends on
how you phrase the question yeah what
did this person say a.m. I don't know
that means has a majority of
self-identified conservatives which
skews political discourse to the right o
America more right than any other
Western country it's not that let's his
ideals don't exist but are less likely
being I know dude there's like this huge
bubbling underbelly of [ __ ]
socialists in America that are just
waiting to [ __ ] come up a consequent
IM in the interview Acacio cortez said
the last time she talked to the house
leader was when she turned down a spot
on the select committee on climate
change
Kazu cortez said she wanted the panel to
Rath legislation on her green New Deal
plan to have subpoena power and to have
those sitting on the committee reject
money from fossil fuel picasa quotas
says she wanted the panel to draft
legislation on a green new deal plan to
have subpoena power and have those
sitting on the committee's reject money
from fossil fuel interests
none of those requests were accommodated
and so i didn't join the committee she
said holy [ __ ] another article so this
is about her chief of staff holy [ __ ]
alexandria Ocasio cortez may be putting
the heat on congress but as a chief of
staff's psyche it I don't know if I can
aim psychic check Rivard ii who's
dropping the napalm reasonable request
though why the [ __ ] would you have a
panel on climate change that takes money
from the FFI sure but like if the
difference is like taking a little bit
of money from from corporate interest to
win a seat versus not taking that money
and then losing it to a republican
what's the more politically effective
outcome lose to a republican it's to
lose to an r where are your values i
don't know my values are helping like
effective people in the united states
not [ __ ] showing everybody how good
you are because if i hear your party is
like imagine imagine you have the
opportunity to pass legislation or do
things that like makes a meaningful
change in people's lives but it's not as
extreme as you want it to be so you say
a bucket we're gonna wait for the whole
system to burn the [ __ ] down socialist
internet politics have convinced idiots
that open borders in anarcho-communism
is absolutely viable in america this is
why the right has full control of the
perception of the left maybe at least
some line
I don't think mainstream politics like
this I think people in line are like
super might like hardcore in a bubble
and don't realize it which seems to be
true generally when we look at this it
like like if you're gonna ask a the
average online person if you would ask
like the average online person like hey
do you think like the average voter is
okay with like open borders they'd be
like oh yeah I think probably like 50%
of Americans would be okay with fully
open borders all right like destiny what
sitter's to a Republican and a Democrat
taking money from the FFI possible
industry on a climate change panel like
in the literal policy sense what do you
mean in the literal policy because a lot
of our policies literally divided our
party lines are we gonna sit here and
play the both sides are the same meme do
you want to do that do you really want
to do that because there's been like 55
different [ __ ] posts that I've seen
in the past like six months that have
shown the massive gap between what
Republicans and what Democrats vote on
this idea that
political parties of the same only
exists like an online mean politics way
the only thing you [ __ ] morons care
about is how much somebody like sucks
off like socialism or some [ __ ] but like
in the real world where people are
actually trying to get you change that
actually impacts people's lives it can't
come down to do you like support Marx or
not or some weird [ __ ] whatever your
whatever your skewed version of like how
politics should be ran in America is
it's tough to galvanize the base with
whatever policy you can actually pass
but I don't think you have to sacrifice
political fighters do they just have
some tag yeah seriously I don't like
[ __ ] on people publicly is the way
to do it that's what you do all day you
point maybe because I'm not a [ __ ]
politician I'm gonna Democrat I don't
have a political agenda at the end of
the day I don't give a [ __ ] I'm fine
like it's different though right much
the same way that would be like me
saying like that would be like me saying
like if you if you work at Microsoft you
probably should your [ __ ] on like the
[ __ ] odors and then me like [ __ ]
on the owners is like well why are you
[ __ ] cuz I don't [ __ ] work at
Microsoft much the same way that are not
part of the [ __ ] Democrat part I'm an
electric [ __ ] Congress person the [ __ ]
this you don't even lie to win elections
and you think that see it selling seats
to fossil fuel companies okay how can
you hold both of these positions the
samples they can make you [ __ ] okay does
anybody want to I'm sorry does anybody
want to link the [ __ ] or I could go
search for it later
I didn't actually know we were gonna
make these [ __ ] brain-dead arguments
but I forgot that like when it comes to
progressive politics online it's
literally bucking 24 IQ like if somebody
wants to go find it oh I can find it in
my own later you can find the
differences that Democrats and
Republicans vote on like issues related
to like climate change or health care
you want to pretend at the same that's
fine but the only person you're tricking
is yourself and your [ __ ] lefty
[ __ ] like LARPers then your little
discord groups when you circle-jerk
about how the socialist revolution is
right around the [ __ ] corner right
spoiler alert it's not but like to sit
here and pretend that like both of these
sides are the same is hilariously
[ __ ] stupid no one thinks it is
destiny
well then why would you risk was a
difference I would rather have a
Democrat at a seat that takes a little
bit of money from fossil fuel than any
Republican ever I don't think that's
that hard above a call alexandria Ocasio
cortez may be putting the heat on
congress but it's a chief of staff
psychic sake it
check-check rob rd who's dropping the
napalm in the last three weeks he's
accused House Speaker Nancy
of being a weak leader moderate Dems of
being racists and took heat for a
t-shirt glorifying a Nazi sympathizing
Indian nationalist if you put in a
gatekeeper who's an arsonist what is a
message that you were sending asked
Robbie Abraham Cooper the Simon
Wiesenthal Center one democratic DC
source said the incredibly polarizing
Harvard grad is pushing this conflict
between Pelosi and AOC he and is he are
looking for enemies they're looking to
fight they're looking to create
controversy he said and it's working
it's raising money getting more media
raising stature increasing email lists
increasing profile on July 6 Chakrabarti
tweeted that Pelosi claims we can't
focus on impeachment because a
distraction from kitchen table issues
but I challenge you to find voters it
can name a single thing House Democrats
have done for their kitchen table this
year what is this legislative mastermind
doing four days later
Pelosi reprimanded the so-called squad
of young progressives including AOC
during a closed-door meeting demanding
they stopped airing their grievances via
Twitter so again you have a complaint
come to me and talk about it Pelosi
scolded according to Politico
it came less than two weeks after
tricker party accused what he called the
new Southern Democrats of being held
bent to do to black and brown people
today with the old Southern Democrats
did in the 40s holy [ __ ] why would you
tweet this about your own [ __ ] party
the [ __ ] is wrong with you he deleted
the tweet thirty minutes later he added
though in a subsequent tweet that
moderate Democrats still enabled a
racist system this is the chief of staff
of below C's campaign on Thursday Pelosi
told reporters our members took offense
on Friday
the spat heated up again from the
official Democrat aking chakrabarti for
explicitly singling out Native Americans
a Native American woman of color
representative Charisse David of Kansas
with his two week old tweet who is this
guy it asked the chief of staff replied
I'm not interested in substance list
Twitter spots
dem strategist Brad Bannon said trick or
Bardis behaviors unprecedented and
potentially dangerous for a o'seas
career there's no point in having a
staffer criticize another members said
ban him if ASE wants you that's one
thing I'm trying to think of another
instance of a staffer going after a
member of Congress and I don't remember
it ever happening before he's not a
normal chief of staff's of the
Democratic source the first dempster
said the grenade throwing has increased
his visibility but has sapped her power
in the house Chakrabarti declined to
comment
tracker parties tweets are closely
scrutinized because he's not simply a
Ozzy's chief of staff he's the architect
of her campaign and the Rainmaker
after a cashing out of Silicon Valley he
founded Mockingbird a web design tool
tracker body uses newfound money to
Shepherd a o'seas rocketing career but
despite his success he's made serious
missteps last year during a Ozzy's
campaign chakrabarti appeared in a video
were a t-shirt with the likeness of sub
Asst Chandra Bose a radical Indian
nationalist and Nazi supporter who lived
in Berlin for two years while in Germany
Adolf Hitler helped Bose assemble an
armed force they're creating a situation
of a moral blank slate said a Rabi
Cooper of chakra parties offensive
apparel it's very dangerous
Chakrabarty has only been dogged by
ethical controversies as not only
Madhavi ethical hydrous you've been
immersed and legal ones i don't really
care about it's like legal [ __ ]
but um chakra bright it keeps his
personal finances private under federal
law congressional employees who earn
more than 126 thousand a year the
typical salary of a chief of staff must
fill out a financial disclosure form
that lists their investments and outside
income tracker bar to give himself an
80,000 a her paycheck and then where is
this [ __ ] [ __ ] I'm sorry where was
this tweet that i tooted earlier
I always just made aware of this cuz now
Trump is on there saying some real dumb
[ __ ] New York congresswoman alexandria
Acacio Cortez has accused House Speaker
Nancy Pelosi of singling out newly
elected women of color in the Democratic
Party
Acacio Cortez is keep in mind you're
talking to somebody with one of the most
liberal voting records in Congress okay
Acacio Cortez is comment is the latest
shot fired in a war of words between
Pelosi and a group of more left-leaning
members of the House known as the squad
well these comments first started I kind
of thought that she was keeping the
progressive flank at more of an arm's
distance in order to protect more
moderate members which I understood
Acacio Cortez told The Washington Post
about Pelosi but the persistent singling
out it got to a point where was just
outright disrespectful the explicit
singling out of a newly elected of newly
elected women of color why the [ __ ]
would you why would you even go there
like you want to talk about [ __ ]
pandering like so hard what the [ __ ]
that uh okay yeah okay so like we have
this meme where is the guy in my
somebody my subreddit did like the
perfect [ __ ] Jordan Peterson
so here's Pelosi later I'm sorry not
Pelosi here's AOC later saying it's
singling out for individuals and knowing
the media environment that were
operating in knowing the amount of death
threats that we get knowing the amount
of concentration of attention I think
it's just it's it's worth just worth
asking why do you think she has racial
animus you race oh no absolutely it's
like this is the Jordan Peterson meme
can't wait to hear you develop even more
over the next couple elections there's a
new once you pick up over time that I
did not anticipate as a kid I love the
path you're on yeah but now it feels
like now it sucks because I'm trying to
fight like I'm trying to find the issue
that will hook me back in to like cool
internet politics Steve back when I was
the cool like Internet politics dude but
like the more I dig like the more
[ __ ] stupid a lot of the internet
political [ __ ] seems to get like oh here
was the comment ALC is employing a
classic Jordan Peterson tactic Peter
sent rhetorical strategy involves saying
something that's more or less
uncontroversially true while at the same
time implying something controversial
either you fall into the trap of arguing
against the obviously true statement
such as Pelosi singled out women of
color because the four people are women
of color or you have to guess it what
he's implying in response to which he
can accuse you of misrepresenting him I
don't think Pelosi's racist I just think
it's strange this is like this is a
standard Peterson quote I just kind of
think it's strange that Pelosi is
targeting for women of color I'm not
saying she's racist but kind of weird
isn't it like hey we're getting death
threats of stuff that she's targeting
for women of color you know like the
[ __ ] I noticed a lot of progressives
really yeah this is like this is like
the cancer form of like identity
politics plus he's taken the article you
just read of something kolinsky made a
video on recently so Nancy Pelosi is
gaslighting the left in what I think is
a deeply disingenuous way can we to be
fair isn't kolinsky part of like the the
Justice Democrats movement like can I
like I think we should stick we should
state that at the start of this right so
kolinsky is literally involved in the
pack or he was he was part of that he
was a co-founder of the PAC that like
started like the Justice Democrat [ __ ]
so he's not involved in any more but
like
I think that's worth stating so Nancy
Pelosi is gaslighting the left in what I
think is a deeply disingenuous way let
me read you this portion of an article
in the hill and then I'll explain what's
going on here Speaker Nancy Pelosi in
California
excuse me Speaker Nancy Pelosi a
Democrat of California and Democratic
leaders on Wednesday scolded Democrats
for publicly taking shots at each other
and pleaded for unity as they head into
key debates in the coming weeks quote
you got a complaint you come and talk to
me about it but do not tweet about our
members and expect us to think that that
is just ok Pelosi told Democrats in a
closed-door caucus meeting Wednesday
according to a source in the room Pelosi
warned that Democratic infighting plays
into GOP hands and defended the
moderates in the caucus interesting she
didn't defend the left he defended the
moderates Wow
quote interesting her job is to make
sure that like people are winning seats
the people that are actually extreme
left in the [ __ ] D plus in the 20
point gap districts don't need [ __ ]
help that's not that interesting
that's actually pretty [ __ ] expected
my dude I'm here to help the like hmm I
noticed that most of the money that
you're donating is going to the
Democrats with the most moderate
positions interesting that you're not
supporting the Democrats in Connecticut
as much as you're doing in some of this
some of the swing states really
interesting there no it's not
interesting at all my children when it's
easy and when it's hard some of you were
here to make a beautiful pate but we're
making sausage most of the time Pelosi
said without that unity we are playing
completely into the hands of the other
people closely also forcefully defended
the centers in the caucus and said it's
better for Democrats to criticize her
than attacked the most vulnerable
members publicly quote I hope there will
be some level of respect and sensitivity
for our each individual experience that
we bring to this caucus you make me the
target but don't make our Blue Dogs and
our new Dems the target and all of this
because we have important fish to fry
Pelosi said it was a very stern and
forceful speech said a senior democratic
aide in the
so there's a lot to say about this first
of all to the idea that this is playing
into Republican hands why cuz you're
fighting and you're Democrat yeah but I
don't know if you guys remember there
was this 2016 Republican primary where
they were all at each other's throats in
the most vicious way where Trump came up
with nicknames for all of his opponents
you know little Marco Rubio low-energy
jeb lyin Ted and what ended up happening
oh yes that's right the Republicans won
and then the Republicans proceeded to
get their tax cuts that they so
desperately wanted and Trump obliterated
Obamacare through executive orders so
it's almost like the infighting is not
by definition wrong is it has it the
infighting oh god I need to stall here
cuz I don't trust you [ __ ] a chat I I
don't like bringing things up but I
haven't like 100 research beforehand my
understanding is that the N fighting
that has happened at the Republican
Party as a result of Trump has severely
undermined his ability to get a lot of
important [ __ ] done like yeah they got
their tax [ __ ] they didn't get anything
related to the [ __ ] wall the health
care stuff was a huge [ __ ] like
embarrassment for the Republicans like I
think the infighting has actually hurt
Trump's ability to get any of his agenda
done and it's undermine the Republicans
at a lot of different points I mean we
can pretend that like there is not party
unity like right I don't think right now
with the Republicans like for the most
part they seem to be voting together
like McConnell has been an amazing
leader for the Republicans holy [ __ ]
McConnell has been incredibly
politically effective and Ryan didn't I
guess an okay job in the house I don't
know I've heard back and forth on that
but they got their trade war they got
their transcript then they got their
camps they got their Muslim bad what do
you mean these things are passed by a by
um
executive action though these aren't
legislative victories there is these are
victories by executive actions also keep
in mind that even though the Republicans
are still been in fighting right you
expect to see people fighting during the
primaries that's expected but guess what
right now right so remember he just said
remember when Trump called him along and
Ted yep
remember who was [ __ ] phone baking
for Trump right after he got the
nomination we can go and look at
pictures of
right now you can light up Ted Cruz
phonebank Donald Trump so like this is
such a dumb point oh my god this is so
stupid to bring up you aren't a why else
it's not wrong because there is
fundamental disagreement within the
Democratic Party about what to do with
the country and what to do with our
platform if you have some people who are
elected Democrats who are for Medicare
for all and then you have some people
who are not for Medicare for all
I'm not just gonna lay down and act like
well you know what they're in the same
tribe as me they're in the same team so
we're not gonna disagree on that no but
we do we fundamentally disagree on it
and we're gonna argue about it and I'm
gonna win sorry that's the way this
works it's politics the way that it
actually works though is that if you
believe in something you have to go to
Congress and get the votes for it that's
part of your [ __ ] job not crying on
[ __ ] Twitter you don't pass
legislation via Twitter you don't pass
legislation or Twitter you don't pass I
know that's true right I should ask hey
just checking how many retweets is it
before he comes along again so this idea
of like just arbitrarily saying like hey
hey hold your fire we got bigger fish to
fry yeah I could walk and chew gum at
the same time it's easy for me to
destroy the right and it's also
relatively easy for me to destroy the
corporate Democrats too but guess what
when you and the Republicans
fundamentally agree on Medicare for all
that you're not in favor of it and we
are for Medicare for all I'm sorry wait
what is this narrative that there's like
some Republican majority that's okay
with Medicare for all and there's like
and the Democrats are the one that
opposing our progressive actually this
[ __ ] stupid am i a [ __ ] idiot for
identifying as a progressive for so long
what the [ __ ] am i doing why I've been
doing what have I been doing in politics
that's not what he said
okay maybe I misheard him let me let me
listen again buy that destroy the right
and it's also relatively easy for me to
destroy the corporate Democrats too but
guess what when you and the Republicans
fundamentally agree on Medicare for all
that you're not in favor of it and we
are for Medicare for all oh agree that
agree on it that you're not a favorite
oh and I said okay okay of course
even opposed to medicare-for-all is this
good is there polling did on this like
how many Democrats are actually like
opposed to Medicare for all
like is a Pelosi on record saying that
she wouldn't be in favor of Medicare for
all Democrats health care Medicare for
all all right is divisive in the
Democratic Party I think it would depend
on the exact details they're a lot
against Bernie's plan because it would
eliminate private insurance I know that
there's a lot of like whittling over
like the exact implementation of what it
would look like people keep saying that
I watched the debates yeah I was the
largest game on the internet during the
debates um I think but like most people
seem in favor of some sort of like
socialized health care but the exact I
don't know if it's fair to say because
you disagree with like Bernie's plan
you're against Medicare for all like is
that what we're saying like if you're
against like Bernie's plan like I
honestly dude I'm so sorry and call me a
[ __ ] I have read too many horrible
[ __ ] articles on the intercept to
give a [ __ ] about anything that that did
that site rights I think um I've read
some like really good foreign policy
things on the intercept back when I was
doing like a lot of like Middle East
research but when it comes to domestic
politics I have read some garbage to
your blog [ __ ] from that site [ __ ] I
wish I had a link to the last article I
read I'll take it out of my [ __ ]
phone oh my god so I don't I don't know
I don't even here's the thing you want
for Democrats standing on Medicare for
all oh my god I can't read wopo articles
nevermind okay I'll take your word for
it and we are for Medicare for all of
course I'm gonna take you on you're
taking the right wing position what do
you expect
see notice that you're not I can walk
and chew gum at the same time it's easy
for me to destroy the right and it's
also relatively easy for me to destroy
the corporate Democrats too but guess
what when you and the Republicans
fundamentally agree on Medicare for all
that you're not in favor of it and we
are for Medicare for all of course I'm
gonna take you on you're taking the
right wing position what do you expect
is it really fair to say that the
Democrats that don't explicitly come out
of Medicare for all have the right wing
position on it like that these that like
you would trade a Democrat or a
Republican vote and it would come out
the exact same when it comes to health
care this seems like a really smooth
brain take is it really if the vote is
binary which it is then yes to see what
do you mean it's not binary at all you
will and
like a [ __ ] when it comes to
comprehensive legislation like this the
WAPA article describes the non
medicare-for-all group is for frank
alternatives like a public option so
would you say okay so here's a question
for chat would a Democrat that supports
a public option when it when a Democrat
that supports a public option be the
same to you as a Republican that wants
to repeal the ACA and go back to the
free-market no but it's not the same as
Medicare all either sure but I don't
know if I would call that the
conservative position see notice this is
why I say this is gaslighting the
Justice Democrats they're the ones who
get the public scorn from the moderates
from the new Democrats from the third
way people time and time again Bernie
Sanders gets the most hate now he's in
the Senate he's not in the house but
nonetheless the point remains and Nancy
Pelosi and Chuck Schumer never ever ever
have come out and said ah come on
moderates be kind to the left okay we're
all on the same team here they never
wanted that in fact Nancy Pelosi and
Chuck Schumer Bernie Sanders is like
barely even a Democrat
isn't he an independent you're wrong on
this take hog not this stupid argument
destiny he's an independent that runs as
a Democrat for the support okay
had meetings with people including
people judge and they worked with third
way to say okay how do we get anybody
but Bernie Sanders elected how do we get
anybody but Bernie Sanders to win the
Democratic primary they had meetings
plotting against Bernie Sanders and now
she comes out and pretends to be this
neutral arbiter she comes out she's like
well I'm the adult in the room here and
I need I'm gonna tell you guys you need
to stop fighting it's gaslighting
because you've made up your mind you're
on the side of the moderates so you're
not in agreement with the left so why
should they kyle is [ __ ] lying that
never happened wait did that really
never happen accept it like Oh obviously
she's looking out for what's best for us
the lefties know that's not the case at
all
and you're so transparent so obvious and
then even more important point Nancy
Pelosi was just taking shots at
Alexandria Ocasio Cortes Ilhan Omar
proceeded to leave all the Justice
Democrats she just did it she all they
have their public whatever and their
Twitter but that's you know
yeah that was in response to their shots
that they were taking at them though
wasn't that in response to them going
public with their with their disapproval
of the recent bill that they voted
against the big funding one or votes in
that said the green dream or whatever
they have whatever no this was before so
why is it okay when Pelosi does it if I
sit here and I say hey all the kids in
class are [ __ ] so [ __ ] and then
someone else is like yo dude [ __ ] off
that's not cool and I'm like oh so it's
cool when you make fun of me but I can't
make fun of them huh that's how we're
gonna play the [ __ ] are you saying they
want to call it
she has repeatedly taken shots at them
repeatedly just openly smug and
dismissive and condescending when you
have you know up-and-coming uncorrupted
democrats who are the future of the
party who represent an ideology that's
actually popular and she's smugly
dismissing them so notice the trick as
she partakes in the democratic civil war
and takes shots at the left she then
turns around and goes hey come on play
fair play fair when they respond no no
no we don't play this game we tell the
truth and we fight for our policies and
you're either on board with our policies
or you're not and if you're not we're
gonna defeat you it's that simple but I
hate how disingenuous this is man just
say it Nancy
just say it I don't believe in Medicare
for all I don't believe in free college
I don't believe in getting money out of
politics I'm not for ending the wars and
so these are my positions and feel free
to agree or disagree with them but she
doesn't say that she acts like oh I am
the leader the Democrats and I agree
with all sides equally and so therefore
we all need to get along but that's not
true you have been taking shots at the
Justice Democrats and when they respond
you're like hey play fair play fair it
reminds me of old WWF Rijn rowdy roddy
piper
i believe it was him he would hit
somebody with a chair and then they
would turn around and be like I'm up and
you know what you expect a chair they'd
remember spawn she's like okay I'll just
get along oh my god uh listen if you
want UT on the Democratic side here's
how you get it all get on the same page
for basics that's it you have to grieve
me on everything
I'm not saying hey since I'm a favor of
legalizing internalizing all drugs
therefore you have to be very right now
look at their we'll work on it late date
you can't be on they care for all you
can't bring a free college you can rail
in wage you can't bring money on
politics you can't really like marijuana
there was a point we look at right they
all are in green on some basic stuff hey
they look for the rich boom hey there
immigration for the wall like they have
their basics and every Democrat side
half the party or more than half the
party are taking everybody to know the
hill
like the color
listen she's not against you guys
because you're gonna color she's just
not she's gonna to because your
uncorrupted and you're to her left
so don't money the issue because then
now listen you may the conversation
isn't it equals you're racist I don't
have that conversation is true but I
might have a connection is who's left
and who is fighting for people and who's
taking over money so when you frame it
as issue with like Oh Nicolo seems like
a closet bigger which is even there
that's nonsense
I don't want that conversation keep your
eye on the ball and you're on the ball
is the reason she's gives us is we're
uncorrupted and we're fine for policy
exactly for people and gets her
corporate donors so I don't I don't like
how she took I was in a classic or ties
to a really wibble to make here in
conversation here imagine if we actually
lost the upcoming election because of
the progresses how sick would that be
interesting names well well well what do
you think is a more electable Democrat a
centrist or progressive here is the
magic answer you know what let's see if
somebody tracking us the answer you're
not gonna like it but let's see who
knows the answer to that question okay
there's one way to answer that question
here's the question who do you think is
more elect a more electable democrat a
centrist or progressive okay okay thank
you thank you okay thank you to some of
the few in my chat I love you okay
you're the reason why I still do this it
depends on the district my dude that's
it that's your answer
I know you don't like it I know you want
to feel like a OC could win in the the
deepest rest [ __ ] district in the
world [ __ ] depends on the [ __ ]
district destiny you're forgetting all
the people who don't vote because
they've given up in the electoral
process or doesn't think any party
represents them no we don't think ever
this is like that this is like the
Republican argument
unemployed is actually 95 percent
because the because the you throw to
plan it doesn't count
discouraged workers you're forgetting
about all dealing don't vote when we run
we were run a queen in any district all
the people don't thought they're gonna
come out to go vote for there's millions
of voters don't vote destiny cuz a
centrist like the Democrats like the
people Pelosi's but when you put the
right candidate up there the Socialists
that get out they hold up Das Kapital
this is the most important book of the
18th century I literally said a OSE
won't win in a red district please why
I'm sorry dude
you're right robbery strike you did say
that I miss quoted you I fake news q
okay wait no I did read your whole quote
but I still be one of the first part of
Louisa socialists are popular identity
politics is not ours only care about the
culture war really
socialism is popular in the US but
identity politics aren't is that why the
[ __ ] social whatever flux of America
are more popular than like black lives
matter how [ __ ] out of touch are you
with the electorate that's some [ __ ]
Internet reddit virgin [ __ ] like to
actually say a statement so [ __ ]
stupid a delusional [ __ ] commie to
actually think some dumb [ __ ] like that
socialist have an Tifa isn't that the
same as black lives matter first of all
an tifa's presence of the u.s. is [ __ ]
not anywhere near as large as some
people make out to be what do you think
about the Jews march on camps and
getting arrest with the never again
slogan will have any effect why don't
all the area 51 members that are joking
about invading area 51 why don't they
going invade like the [ __ ] camps it's
at those aliens free how do we do that
sterling mister mister Putin I saw that
meme I'm like 15 different places on
reddit but we can say if you want or
maybe it was reverse want to do it
here's sam cedars video wanna
[Music]
Adam is the co-founder of the p triple c
the progressive campaign progressive I
can never remember it's cool it's
progressive change campaign committee
progressive change campaign the
progressive campaign change committee is
actually a lawyer in California so that
please don't get us confused also bold
progressives normal professors at Orange
see I remember you URL but not I
remember the importance yeah we did the
master stroke of having a three brands
where the future will see with a
progressive change campaign can we were
bold for justice we've spoken many times
we have spent many times at the at this
conference over the years that's right
we are apparently we're moderating I'm
moderating a panel that you put together
called why Joe Biden is the least
elected and always go by the Lisa
lickable right well I mean I think in
report it and so will be a plate in the
you live that conceivable but we will
report it in video so your thoughts of
where we are in terms of what happening
in Congress are you focus now on the
presidential campaign this week I was
pretty vocal on defending photos from
the tax run anybody interesting how
everybody you know circling Paris well
then fine but if I write without a
sticker
stop it now the next day stories in DC I
can comment ago sharpen up signs with
bloody face and the word visit the camp
yet and if I barrel and we decided to
watch my kids actually now if people are
on the ball dresses already met suppose
you think like visit amps and bring Josh
back I Morelli Lauria and hamburger with
you undermining its border at least see
if your tops it is pretty stunning that
you hear a lot about things like hearing
tests are problematic etc etc they may
be but I mean this is
this is just you got to toe the line and
not fight not get out in front of the
situation I don't know I mean it feels
like Nancy Pelosi has decided in like a
second quarter of a basketball game
we're going to four quarter of four
corners in which around clock and we
can't do that like what is supposed to
feel all the time between now if they're
not gonna peach what I'm told is Sam
really on the big in Peach train that
seems like such a take that I wouldn't
expect from him I feel like the
impeachment train is not the train you
want to ride on I mean I'd be very
interested in how you defense that
position are you serious have you not
listened to him consistently no I don't
listen to anyone I'm [ __ ] time dog
with the [ __ ] oh we were just get some
more tension to build on the proto House
floor actually what they think what it
is yeah and then you know I had no idea
that they actually think the reason why
people are paying attention because
three weeks ago uh was Kapoor knows many
touching the bills well free to go
we're having a slight between any blows
everywhere partly broke in there we go
on further down and we've got a little
bit all right here we go there we go
prank rim the intercept and of course
TYT yeah I mean I I next help anything
Kelly just right now actually that's
wrong on press that's right everybody
spoke to you about your book and your
whole press well talking about how
apparently there's a feeling on the hill
among some Democrats that the reason why
America is not paying attention to the
messaging bills I think I think which is
why America's not paying attention to
them is because a Aussie has been passed
me with well I think that Pelosi and her
leadership crew would look for like any
answer to explaining why the public
isn't paying attention to their
messaging bills other than the obvious
one but the public has since and
a knows that these messaging bills are
gonna become law through Mitch McConnell
and be knows it they're mostly just
fortifying the you know the the status
quo through some of them they actually
would make significant change in the
country like the HR 1 which is the the
interruption bill right but I think the
public probly also has a lot of
suspicion that if they knew that HR 1
passed what was in it
whether they actually passed if they
knew that the present would sign it
because they've seen this before with
the Republicans repealing Obamacare how
many times 52 times yes and I think like
the value of these bills really have
more value to the progressive base as a
marker and holding them do that in the
future right like so the general public
I mean at what point do they give up
that goes or is this like a sunk cost
type of thing like they can never admit
that their strategy did not work can't
write you how you made that if you made
that yet to go so I mean it depends what
you mean my strategy take place if when
you run a major political party the
reason why nobody knows HR 1 was because
Nancy Pelosi was [ __ ] on Omar hmm I
mean if you go back and you look up the
week in the run-up meet two people she
decided to engage in that fight yeah I
think
can somebody can somebody like me this
where is the first time that Nancy
Pelosi shoots on alone Omar I want to
see it let's go let's find it let's do
the digging do you think that what Ellen
Omar said about the AI PA see the effect
was anti-semitic if you're talking about
her old tweets yes now she is since come
out I guess and reversed her position on
it but those old tweets were super
[ __ ] sweats Tony but you guys can all
sit here and pretend that like you would
never think of it but what are you
you're talking about the old tweets
where she's saying Israel has hypnotized
the world oh I don't know man I don't
think it's a Muslim I don't think you
should be tweeting [ __ ] like Israel is
hypnotized the world
that's some pretty [ __ ] sweat city
[ __ ] I don't know about that one you
guys want to sit here pretend that like
not the all tweets you sound hypnotized
by Israel at the moment to be honest as
a Muslim well yeah because Muslims
historically have like a big rift with
with Jewish people so like I think like
especially right let's not be tone deaf
I think especially the idea of coming
out like as a Muslim of being like
Israel is hypnotised world yeah please
that sounds pretty badly the context of
that communist after Israel killed
civilians in the u.s. refused can only
attacks you yourself said this in a
previous debate yeah I understand the
context of the tweet but like
from I don't fit I never man um this is
me this is me being thirty years old and
admitting that I'm a Boomer who has my
biases now and I actually I just have
gonna flat out say I don't buy your [ __ ]
when you tell me like are you when if
you were to pretend they're like a
conservative were to tweet some [ __ ] out
like Jews of the Israel is hypnotized
the world that you would look at that
and be like yeah I think with the
context I accept that I don't believe
you and that might just be me becoming a
[ __ ] boomer that's the start of the
boomer Ark I absolutely think you're 100
[ __ ] full of [ __ ] though I don't
believe that for a [ __ ] microsecond I
don't [ __ ] believe you
why did you defend the comments
previously I don't think you can find
the video I might have come down on her
side but it was real close you can find
the video if you want and maybe we'll
see we can look at my ending tape but
like I remember being like I remember
first I came down that it sounded
extremely anti-semitic then somebody
brought up the context and I was like ah
maybe but like that that's like dude I
don't know way that like I came down
like 100% I'm like oh no that's a 102
totally fine comment destiny you didn't
defend it at all yeah I don't remember
what my previous stance was on it I know
well I remember being like really torn
on it because holy [ __ ] didn't you
defend it because those tweets really
old is she saying show I said oh yeah
I'm pretty sure I did senator he's
saying like I wouldn't call her
anti-semitic now based on tweets you
made in the past right that I I didn't
guess what my stance was well my stance
now would be like they she made
anti-semitic tweets in the past but
hopefully she's changed from that now
that would be like my that would be like
when I hope my stance would have been
and that would be the one I would give
now what are her recent comments sorry
whose critical in hey PAC yeah but
critical how okay I'm sorry so we
started this because we were trying to
find out who trying to figure out who
started ship between Pelosi and illion
first or Ilyn I'm sorry and the first
statement that I can find is is Ilhan
representative Ilhan Ilhan Omar has
intensified her claims and some Jewish
lawmakers have a dual loyalty to Israel
rejecting criticisms from Democratic
colleagues that she's engaging in an TCM
I should not be expected to have an
allegiance of let's pledge support to a
foreign country in order to serve my
country in Congress or serve on a
committee on our tweeted Sunday
afternoon I until every day that I am
and he's American I'm not pro-israel I
found it to be problematic and I'm not
alone I just happened to be willing to
speak up on it and open myself to
attacks so what's up so like did some
did Pelosi go after her before she
started tweeting this stuff or Omar an
aggressive first term Democrat hoping to
bring left-wing views to the Foreign
Affairs Committee as drone rebukes from
Democratic leaders after her comments
with the u.s. Israel Alliance Foreign
Affairs chairman eliot Engel angle who
is Jewish urged her on Friday to
apologize for suggesting that Israel
supporters pushed for allegiance to a
foreign country I mean the controversy
arose from a discussion between Omar and
other Democratic lawmakers at a
bookstore cafe in Washington DC on
Wednesday night she weren't allowed that
her religious affiliation would make it
easier for critics to dismiss her
objections to us support for the Israeli
government but added that she wants to
talk about the political influence in
this country that says it's okay to push
for allegiance to a foreign country but
that sounds so [ __ ] weird and none of
you [ __ ] will ever agree that it sounds
weird because you guys are insanely
[ __ ] progressive that is a really
[ __ ] weird way of phrasing that
though [ __ ] that's not what she actually
said though that's literally in [ __ ]
quotes are you telling me that this site
is fake in quotes it says to talk about
the political influence in this country
that says it's okay to push for
allegiance to a foreign country that's
with it that's in quotation marks it's
the Washington Examiner I don't usually
read this site so maybe they're
literally making it up why is that weird
if this was being written by like
somebody online like an online
conservative I would instantaneously
think that it's a I would
instantaneously think it's a dog whistle
for anti-semitism it's a country not a
people okay fine
then when Republicans say they hate
Mexicans that's not racist because
Mexico Mexican is a nationality not a
not an ethnicity [ __ ] off
maybe her way of phrasing it is due to
the fact that English is her second
language maybe if you disagree how would
you categorize the relationship in the
u.s. in Israel what other countries hold
conventions throughout the entire US
public the phrasing that you have like
your allegiances to another country like
don't think like we've been really close
allies with but like Japan for instance
is like a close eye with us but we
didn't say mmm you you have a very
Japanese Allegiance your Allegiant to
Japan hey that sounds like I don't feel
like you would ever say that about
another country how can you criticize a
sphere without sounding anti-semitic I
mean there are ways to do it but I don't
think saying that like it seems you've
pledged your allegiance to the Jews I
don't know if that's like a good way
like you've pledged your allegiance to
Israel I shouldn't have to pledge my
allegiance to Israel in order to like be
a politician Lee it is a dog whistle
that dual nationality should is the same
thing that Mike Enoch says yeah I've
heard that before
the us-israeli alliance is usually
discussed in super different terms us
Korea or US Britain alliances are often
treated as like these are good for us
that we should keep while the us-israeli
alliance is often defended by suggesting
that supporting Israel is the moral
thing to do is that true I could be
totally [ __ ] wrong but I hear people
talk about like stuff like the u.s. like
Korea or like Vietnam stuff that wasn't
because like it's good for the u.s. I
thought it was all like anti-communist
[ __ ] like we're trying to save people
from coming though not like we're
friends with Korea because it's the
because it's the because it's good for
US interests but I thought it was
because we were fighting against like
[ __ ] communism and [ __ ]
antique communism is good for US
interests okay fine then moral goodness
for Israel as US interests like what why
can't you not be pro-israel [ __ ] I don't
know to hold certain position in a
country uh yeah you can I feel like this
is a conversation is getting bored for
me I don't know how many times I can say
this I think Israel is [ __ ] garbage
okay
the [ __ ] going with the palace city
people is [ __ ] okay I don't disagree
that at all okay
you could be anti-israel okay I'm antsy
I'm [ __ ] auntie Jude - I guess cuz I
don't like the [ __ ] religion okay so
I don't like Israel and I don't like to
[ __ ] a Jewish religion okay but there's
a difference between saying that and
being like oh so you want me to pledge
my allegiance to Israel in order to be a
u.s. senator do you understand the
difference or are you like the [ __ ]
progressive dick like so [ __ ] far
down your throat you can't even get
enough oxygen your brain to form a
coherent thought it's all I'm saying all
I'm saying is it like like there's a
difference mean saying like I think the
u.s. policy with this bill is really bad
versus the Jews have hypnotized the
world like there's a difference
aren't you implying that Israel equals
Jews
what's the Walter White thing you got me
these are the good faith arguments that
I come here for every day guys thank you
so much I love you I love you up very
much I'm sorry but I don't hear the dog
whistle with the pledging allegiance to
another country ma'am okay so the long
[ __ ] meme what is this look at 60 70
years running the long meme is that Jews
secretly control the [ __ ] world okay
and what they do is they work
insidiously behind the scenes to subvert
and very subversive ways okay to get
underneath to destroy like political
systems in other countries okay so what
you do is when you're a u.s. politician
you have to pledge allegiance okay - you
have to pledge allegiance to the
Israel's to the Israeli country okay
that's what you have to do okay that's
part of like that is that is the Jewish
conspiracy theory that is like the JQ
that's what it is that's what it is like
this isn't like that's literally what
like what the Jewish Question like
revolves around like I like reading into
this too much see you buddy good luck oh
my god how do I not get triggered by
Chet I need of you I need it more
aggressively bad people Jesus Christ
like this is literally like this is
literally what the [ __ ] alt right
[ __ ] is like this is literally the
Jewish Question we can go and watch like
a mouthy Buddha quite a video I guess do
we I feel like everything I've talked
about like means nothing do we not
remember any of this how often how long
do we spend arguing against all writers
at [ __ ] do we do we really need to go
and watch like what is the Jewish
question like do we not
[Music]
the influence of the NRA of fossil fuel
industries or Big Pharma and not talk
about a powerful lobbying I don't know
are you saying that Ilhan along with
some crypto Nazi she's just anti-israel
like everybody from a Muslim country
well yeah that's but that was destiny
our neoliberal 100% agrees with your
assessment of dual loyalty this is
yourself okay okay so the question of
this post is okay I give up why is Omar
anti-semitic mainly the dual loyalty
thing for me the other stuff that I
think it's dumb but probably would give
the benefit of the doubt if not for that
the dual loyalty trope is a particularly
insidious history of the u.s. and
anti-semitic propaganda and there's an
explicit justification for genocide see
the stab-in-the-back myth and for many
of us hearing that in a context even
remotely related to Jewishness sounds
off all sorts of sounds off all sorts of
alarm bells the use of that trope
provides in my mind a context or her
other statements make it impossible for
me to interpret them as anything other
than anti-semitism and I'm not about to
sit by and let that hatred fester in the
halls of Congress on the off chance that
Omar is just dumb and not bigoted
there's a difference between jockey
talking about the Jewish Question and
being critical of an extremely
conservative government doesn't
influence of the yeah for sure and I
think you should be critical of the u.s.
relationship with Israel we're dishonest
as [ __ ] about it and I think you should
call out horrible [ __ ] atrocities
that are committed to the [ __ ]
Palestinians it's a lot of [ __ ]
lookup like and you look up like
civilian deaths israeli-palestinian war
it's a sadly [ __ ] one-sided I don't
know if you've ever heard conservatives
talk about stuff related to Palestine in
Israel but like the way that
conservatives presented is it like
Israel is like under attack like all day
for these horrible Palestinians that are
killing Israelis I got a daily basis
dude that fight is one said it is fun
it's really some of the most advanced
[ __ ] military technology in the world
Ezreal helps us like disable like
Iranian nuclear reactors with [ __ ]
viruses right okay like Ezreal is an
incredibly advanced state and in in
Palestinian people are literally
lobbying shitty [ __ ] mortars over
walls to get intercepted by
multi-million dollar [ __ ] like mortar
interception missile systems so ie
absolutely should be critical of Israel
but to go out and be like it's strange
that we've had to pledge allegiance to
this foreign country the same country
that's hypnotized the world
damned oh how are you tell me that does
it sound like that doesn't set off like
at least a little bit of a [ __ ] alarm
bell to you like she later came out I
said she'll do a better job of phrasing
next time
okay sure she sounds bad but it was over
having the pledge to not boycott Israel
in your personal life sure you could
talk about that without saying pledging
allegiance to another country like this
is literally like a [ __ ] ant
schematic dog-whistle like it's possible
that she walked all of it back but I
mean like that's I mean that's at least
like two like super sweat Steny comments
like holy [ __ ] your problem is with the
hyperbole isms that exist within
political discourse I'm like I love you
guys
I don't normally get like I don't really
get stressed about stuff like related to
stream especially politics [ __ ] like I
usually like shut it off and then I walk
away from it but over the past month
like I've had to review so many things
that we've talked about on stream and I
really wonder like if anybody [ __ ]
believes like a single [ __ ] thing of
every set of my entire life like it
blows my [ __ ] mind it happened over
the booty judge [ __ ] a lot where I on
ironically saw like hundreds of up votes
being used for arguments that justify
gamer words like literally like well the
context of what you say is really
important like even if it can be
interpreted as a sort that's not
affordance the context like dude I made
arguments like that back in 2011 like
what the [ __ ] what the [ __ ] have we been
talking about for the past like five
years here and then like stuff like this
works like these are clearly dog
whistles so like we can say like maybe
she misspoke like so here's something
that several something but somebody
earlier said are very charitable
interpretation is maybe because English
is a second language she misspoke sure I
can give you that now her English sounds
pretty good here I don't know how long
she's been in America maybe if I dig
through that a little bit like maybe I
would disagree with you but like that's
an okay argument but the sitter is he
like wait to sit here and like montant
Bayley nearly what's wrong with
criticizing Israel nothing's wrong with
criticizing Israel [ __ ] is real okay I
don't give a [ __ ] about any edge [ __ ]
but would you sit here and say like when
you've got a track record of saying
things like you know Israel is
hypnotized the world and you're a Muslim
okay which there are there is a [ __ ]
rift there like it or not I'll see the
same thing with Christians or whatever -
when it comes up and then you're on
record saying things like pledging
allegiance to another country right
destiny she's been here since she's a
child she's 35 okay like I would argue
she misspoke and then she apologized I
said to pick her words better but the
reasons you said it was because the
world committee was calling Ezreal for
illegal bombings with the Mexican judge
I don't know why you guys keep talking
about the context of the laws none of
this requires her to say we've pledged
Ally
to a foreign country I don't understand
why I don't understand why I keep
bringing up the law is that the Pledge
of Allegiance thing is way out of
context we just listen to it it's really
weird when you've already gotten fire
for saying like pretty anti-semitic [ __ ]
her English isn't fluent she's just
asking questions smiley face so you're
gonna have politicians I don't wish for
an TV screeching deport got laws only to
protect one country specifically but
suggesting there's a weird thing going
on with the America political ass with
you is Jake you know I never mind my
dudes it's everything is good I think
since Israel is bad I think it's all
it's no hole to [ __ ] borrow dude
everything is [ __ ] go honestly if I
was a politician I would get up and I'd
be like we got guys we need to start
talking about the Jewish Question and
when everybody's like what the [ __ ] I'd
be like whoa I do the question of why do
we support Israel so much what the [ __ ]
why do you have to make it race why did
they make it weird
I just want to talk about like you know
we can call it the IQ see Israeli
question cuz IQ is so important to these
people right we just do that destiny I
repeat do not listen to lefties when it
comes to Israel it really seems like a
lot of people forgot about the race
realism debating era well I mean that's
like the preferable take is that people
forgot about the race we listen to
vinegar but I don't think that's the
take I think the actual take is I was
debating conservative so literally any
time I dunk on them it's funny as [ __ ]
but none of the actual argument you know
things that we learned actually stuck
like they don't give a [ __ ] about that
it's just funny to watch me [ __ ] on
conservatives but then when we turned
the same critical eye to the people that
they support now all of a sudden it's
bad faith now it's reaching now it's not
acceptable now you're making [ __ ] up now
you need more context now it's like like
these things but destiny she never
insinuated that the elites had anything
to do with grace punish for your chicken
and our chatter like I've seen a few
people bring this up if Israel has
nothing to do with race like okay well
then
Trump has never said anything racist
ever because Trump doesn't say Hispanic
people are sending their work Trump is
making fun of people from [ __ ]
trees he's making fun of Mexicans that
Mexico is a nationality that's not a
race right like Trump said yesterday I
Marcia go back to her country thoughts
it's really [ __ ] stupid why would you
tell him to go back to their country
especially when you have a [ __ ] nail
odor bride destiny actually read this
what about the about the Israel like
anti-boycott [ __ ] I'm familiar with it I
don't know what more I need to read with
it I was against it when I read it I
think it's really [ __ ] stupid I think
it's weird into that you get like in
trouble like if you don't like if you
don't sign a pledge runs a boycott
[ __ ] Israel okay you have to do
business for them I think that's really
[ __ ] weird but that still doesn't
mean I would like I especially being a
politician like I wouldn't use the
phrase like pledge allegiance to Israel
I think the biggest problem is real [ __ ]
is when things like this could upload in
a separate when their literal Nazi
talking points well in my survey what do
we have the new American dream is to
live into your late teens and die for
Israel holy [ __ ] 118 points for the
death City subreddit nice destiny that
was a twitch chat comment no that was
like that was like one of the ones I
voted comments on that thread on my
subreddit nice job guys he's not
criticizing Israel's foreign or domestic
policy he's saying American soldiers
will die fighting for Israel which of
course has never happened applying this
realist about manipulating a most
powerful country in the world to do its
bidding determined that oh you want
butts me and sense where you scimitar
Jewish conspiracy theory is propagated
by anti-semitic groups but this guy is
this guy is wrong just because Israel is
manipulating people doesn't mean Jewish
people don't we we got him
does that mean criticizing Chinese
Foreign Policy's I'm a racist against
the Chinese I don't understand how how
the brains can be so smooth am I really
that in articulate or do people just not
are just people just not listening I
can't tell oh hey what up what's up
buddy
I'm curious okay well here's okay let's
let's talk a little bit about stuff we
talked earlier okay here's some stuff do
you do you think you ready is a big one
okay yeah I mean do you think that Ilhan
is a little anti-semitic or do you think
they've just been a couple gaffes uh in
terms of how she speaks anti-semitic and
in terms of does she hate Ruth I don't
know I'd say hate Jews but so like the
two things that I'm aware of we related
to her now are yeah yeah so I'm just
trying to
narrow down on your definition here of
antisymmetric yeah I don't know if I say
hey Jews but like alludes to like a
broader kind of like Jewish conspiracy
thing I guess like the like alluding to
like a broader Jewish conspiracies thing
so in terms of like her statements about
pledging allegiance to Israel or Israel
as hypnotized the world like do you ever
get that feeling or do you think these
have just been like second language
gaffes or whatever so I always try to
stay on and you'll notice that I'm being
excessively diplomatic here I always try
to stay on the side of being as
charitable as possible yeah when it
comes to this stuff and I'm gonna send
you something that I wrote last year
okay this was a congressional candidate
at the time yes and just just
essentially read the the second graph
and just know that that question came or
that answer came completely unprompted
ya know that's how I reacted because it
didn't make any [ __ ] sense at the
time either yeah so even with this guy I
wouldn't know now would not call him
race it granted I knew him a little I
knew him significantly better than I
know
Oman sure but like even something as
[ __ ] sweats to me is that right like
I was not ready to call him racist so I
will say that she probably does not hate
Jewish people
that being said he's a Somali immigrant
who was probably raised with some
preconceived notions of Jewish people in
her head at least to some degree based
on her public statements I'm making that
assumption mm-hmm
but no I mean in I would still probably
err on the side of her not being
anti-semitic by the way chat hating
Israel is not the same as hating Jewish
people yeah we had to run over that like
a million [ __ ] times because like
like I think you can be super critical
of Israel I am often but I don't know
like saying statements like it's like
they want us to pledge our allegiance to
Israeli maybe I've just debated too many
like all writers but um
man [ __ ] that like there's so many like
alarm bells that are like screaming in
my [ __ ] head when I hear something
like that you know I don't know yeah
I'd also say I don't know how much value
there is in sort of hand wringing and
speculating on it yeah I don't think
there's much value there I don't think I
mean you just look at your policy
positions or or see what yeah yeah yeah
that's pretty much the way to go like if
she suddenly starts doing things that
disproportionately harm Jewish people in
the United States and we're talking not
necessarily about um stuff like wealth
redistribution whoa oh why did you go
there
hey what up is super random uh-oh well
how did we get to wealth redistribution
meaning Jewish people why do we matter
to me that connection
all right shell oh [ __ ] boys okay let's
see what it is
but ya know I was making the distinction
there between like state not building a
bridge in a commuter or not pushing for
funding for a bridge in your district
that has a large Jewish community
something like that uh-huh
so I mean absence stuff like that then
and then I think our I think our nuclear
level take earlier that people got the
most asking about was what I kind of
called with you to check beforehand do
you have any general do you think I
guess so like as a general comment my
question be do you think that it was
fair for Pelosi to attack I guess like
the squad of four over there like
they're kind of like Twitter feuding
with other Democrats do you think it's
fair of Pelosi to attack them over that
or do you think Pelosi is way out of
line or give an opinion on that fairness
isn't an issue what do you mean by that
and fairness is an issue and I think
brings fairness up as an argument for or
against any actions in the political
sphere is almost kind of night yeah sure
so I'm not necessarily talking about
like should she act fair or whatever but
like I guess like the framing that this
is given by progressives obviously the
framing is that Pelosi is just lash
out at these four progressive women for
no reason other than she's protecting
you know corporate interests and she
hates the progressives and she's
constantly dividing them and they're not
doing anything to to earn her IRA or
whatever do you think that's fair or do
you think that they they've kind of like
[ __ ] up politically enough I don't
wanna say [ __ ] up but have done
something to earn the ire of Pelosi so I
mean they definitely have done stuff to
earn the ire Pelosi look right like
they've shown themselves not to be in
lockstep with the caucus on multiple
occasions though I struggle to bring any
immediately to they're also incredibly
outspoken for how new they are in
Congress which is I mean it's unusual
it's not necessarily enough to earn them
any sort of ire from like the caucus
leadership but ya know that's really I
mean were I heard or were I a political
operative working for people
I would advise her as much as possible
these disputes privately though I also
imagine there's thinking on their staff
that they're forced to rebuke them
publicly because if a OSC is out here
talking about stuff like well the free
distribution for example then unless
that's challenged by the house that
almost lends to a belief of party is
moving in that direction as a whole as
opposed to ace what is now a very small
friend thoughts have social Dems trying
to primary other Democratic candidates
as a hostile takeover so is this
something that's happening to a
significant level that like progressive
Dems are trying to unseat like Dems and
other districts or I've seen it down to
a local and county level as well I mean
this is this happen and I mean the fact
that it's happening on a national stage
is pretty significant and I mean a is he
is the prime example of this room she
man awarded what position to Crowley
actually have before he got voted out
right thinking like committee in
Congress or something or
nohe of like a very high position within
the caucus oh there's like pretty much
next in line to be speaker mm-hmm Oh
somebody said 4th highest ranked Oh some
say third highest okay yeah but pretty
high he's the caucus chair mm-hmm which
I don't know exactly know how the tr4
Congress works but yeah he was on pretty
high and he gets knocked out by IOC
which I don't know exactly because the
political spectrum [ __ ] is so [ __ ]
weird uh-huh nowadays where she falls
but she's definitely further to the left
and probably was and then what was that
guy's actual question just what do you
think and generally think about them
trying to yeah so I mean you have this
happens this isn't anything like her
shatteringly knew and then he yes is it
a hostile tape will they have to take
over first right
as they are and I was just there's
probably more than there's more than
four more of them right because we can't
just count the four House progressives
but they're nowhere really near enough
to make a caucus with a meaningful
impact like I I haven't looked at the
numbers so this might be incorrect but I
don't believe they have enough to hold
down the Democratic House Majority
though again it could be wrong they're
mush ask about okay final question do
you think it's advantageous politically
right now for Democrats to be pushing
for impeachment of Trump impeachment is
a tough sell for me I think as a smart
move for the I think making like an
active push for that risks animating
Republican voters whereas right now
Democrats absolutely at the energy edge
and I mean this was this is exactly what
you saw in 2018 right you saw like a
record turnout for midterm elections in
a number of states you some Democrats
pick up a [ __ ] ton of seats I would say
sparingly but it really depends on your
definition and if Democrats give
Republicans something to get energized
you know they risk giving Trump another
term they risk not winning this
on a map that honestly is pretty
advantageous for them just given that uh
in Obama's midterm the Republicans won a
[ __ ] ton of Senate seats and you know
the elections overlap here so we'll see
whether or not uh they basically they
should be able to win more seats than
they would be able to otherwise if there
is just like long health Republic B and
then they even risk losing the house if
they go too deep into it I don't think
that's a super realistic risk but I
definitely wouldn't recommend it
especially considering the amount of
emails I get from the CLF and the House
Majority PAC or whatever the [ __ ] no
wait that is this he like what's the CLS
apparent no I don't [ __ ] remember
whatever it's gone and the guy who asked
but won't Democrats lose the energy edge
if they don't do what they promised to
get record trip no because Trump still
president right okay what do you think
about um so do you have any opinions on
the on the bill that Pelosi passed or
then she got all the Democrats to vote
on that related to funding for a lake
wall related or not while reservists
like border control related stuff that
apparently the four Democrats got really
pissed off at the floor progresses got
really pissed off that that apparently
in the border the border funding bill
was it as terrible as people say they
were I haven't looked into it at all I'm
relying I haven't looked in too deep
into it but I don't know I also don't
know how strict I actually never mind I
assume federal corporations are
incredibly strict mm-hmm but uh yeah I
know I don't know I don't know what
exactly was in when you look remember to
look at it through the lens thinking
that Republicans hold to majorities I
guess two branches where Democrats hold
so they have room to negotiate and push
her stuff because they can [ __ ] stuff up
otherwise but you know they don't have
all that much power why would you find
anything that's not the release of the
children and people in the camp my
guests because the Democrats don't have
the ability to actually get something
like that passed would be my guess in
terms of like freeing everybody at the
wallet so my buddy an incredibly
divisive political issue right now I
don't think any of the Republicans are
going bored with that right
yeah Trump wouldn't sign on to that
right sure in either case even if they
got like enough votes to pass it in the
South mm-hmm the building appropriate
funding specifically for hedging our
permutation so Isis using it to build
more cancer to ten more people I mean
like my guess is just like I like I feel
like Democrats probably just don't have
the ability to get it done like I don't
know I I think that's what it seems to
me like nothing like any any more
extreme version probably wouldn't pass
to Senate I mean I guess or what's the
what's like the alternative narrative
that Pelosi like hates the children and
immigration camps or like what is the
what is the what is the alternative
Pelosi is not willing to be obstructive
obstructive how the obstructive like
Mitch McConnell was yeah but I assume is
what that guy's saying what could she do
like not call votes like on the House
floor or what yeah soon so again I'm not
super familiar with House Rules at this
point but yeah I assume that's the case
I don't know I feel like they might be
well served I being a bit more
obstructionist on the House floor just
not on like a big appropriations bills
like anything like they suffer a lot and
I don't mean to say this to [ __ ] on
their negotiating tactic the last for
the last shutdown but they will probably
break first
if a shutdown goes past like five weeks
okay with the Democrats or the
Republicans the Democrats yeah why do
you say that
because they just got control of the
house or what no the it's a little bit
more complicated there it deals with um
Trump doesn't I don't think he
necessarily cares all that much about
the impacts of the shutdown so absent
like media pressure I don't think he'd
really move too much from where he wants
to be and while the Republicans could
move over to the other side and actually
like send an appropriations bill to his
desk and put the ball in hit I don't
think that they would think it's
politically expedient to do so right so
might be better for them to be in a
shutdown for a little while than to
break with Trump because Trump like
despite Trump's numbers not being all
that great like they're not really that
different from where they were like a
year ago or two years ago and the Trump
piece is still there and that base is a
non insignificant part or Republicans
mmm
yeah coffee his approval rating went
down who the [ __ ] cares done well yeah
and it's not like it's not down that
much I don't even know if it's done
overall compared to the start of his
presidency right now it just seems to be
hovering around similar areas it was
when I checked yeah that historical
verbal writing for Trump oh yeah no it's
not it's like I think it's probably like
middle the pack from where it like from
where it has been over the course of
okay yeah I don't know if I have any
other questions I think I'm probably
good for now all right sounds good have
fun buddy yeah thanks a lot be careful
with no problem hi guys I love you spent
fun riperino cappuccino pump channel hub
channel my oportunidad channel
cappuccino cappuccino
Al Pacino my green eyes whereas if if
workers were controlling the businesses
then once those some of the labor that
had
