what I I don't know how you could spend
so much time having these conversations
and not know anything about anything
about what is being talked about I'm so
lost right now
amazing oh my god I don't even I don't
even know that Tsar gonna sake Sargon
for me is like the ultimate example of
like of like what did I say before we're
like I feel like in order to have this
conversation I need to back up and talk
for like two hours to even catch you
away to the topic like amazing that's
sitting normal ones I technically
normally doesn't anymore what's the
purpose of this conversation you'll
never get him to say his real
justification for his beliefs because
Aichi is a secret token Buddhist
normative normative statements are value
statements don't necessarily have to be
moral statements but I think you can
argue that amazing that that value
statements are necessarily moral
statements that gets that gets way
deeper though went to this [ __ ]
conversation oh my god Hogg was squeezed
for a panic I amazing pain Stinney combo
in three two one pain Stinney I don't
think so good I don't I don't actually
think or maybe he doesn't that's really
hard to tell
you shouldn't have let him get away with
the assertion of natural rights but then
move on to explain why these are not
unknowingly I'm done yeah bait like this
one is not healthy I'm sure at least the
dude doesn't scream over you as much as
the other people I mean like you say
that but like I feel like he's [ __ ]
like twice as much as me pouring that
during that is it I wonder where the
right to live in a specific country
comes from that's a useful way more I
feel like I got cut off before I feel
like even less than three I feel like I
couldn't finish a single sentence like I
feel like he I feel like I got cut off
before I could like finish any statement
to be fair you cut him off Larry - I
only started cutting him off when he
would like he would like he would
address my question I can make a point
then you want to just run off and I
[ __ ] he won't stop and like he's like
he'll like he'll say words words like
like X Y chromosomes means we need nails
or something wait hold on what the [ __ ]
do you immediately do you have to stop
explain it you have to think that's a
very important thing amazed and then he
would just I love you oh that's just
semantics for literally the center point
of this conversation is like how we
define these terms and like where these
definitions come from like it was
loading his language busing yeah I feel
like he was using so many loaded
expressions I made it really hard to
like so much presuppose so much loaded
language and it's like doesn't seem like
Stockman's being in tension is honest no
I think that he just he presupposes a
lot more than he realizes he does and it
leads to weird things my favorite part
was when he started pointing towards
what philosophers says right after
arguing in favor of naturalism yo my
dude when are you going to debate ben
shapiro someday my dude it's funny
people accuse you of using loaded
questions or tricking people into saying
things during debates but Sargon
navigated into whether you would date a
trans person solely to try and call you
transphobic oh yeah it's a legitimate
question what you did a trans person
like if we need to expand the definition
for transwomen teaches women then why
you discriminating as trans people your
preferences mean nothing what it's not a
legitimate question because I might
think that like trans women you know the
funny thing is through all this I'm
ready Rafi was targeting for the social
definition for scientific I saw no
[ __ ] idea
I didn't we didn't even get into that
but like you can still believe that
certain people are entitled to certain
things but not be necessarily attracted
to those people in a romantic sense
right like I would advocate for gay
relationships but I could've dated man
trans relationships I may not
necessarily did a trans person it's
possible that you don't want to date a
trans person for reasons that aren't
transphobic there's also possibilities
that you don't want to date a trans
person for reasons that are transphobic
really depends on the reason but
regardless like asking that question
doesn't really deflate any of the prior
arguments like I could even I could even
be transphobic sighted saying would you
everyday to transfer so it's like [ __ ]
though and like oh well look that means
we shouldn't expand the categories of
man to include trans man wait what no
that doesn't even make sense
even if I was transform it doesn't
really make sense right like that's it's
like a non sequitur it doesn't logically
follow you distance stop train wrecks
don't talk about him he seemed to
heavily lean on biological gender but
also refused to discuss science yeah he
kept appealing the sides but he's like
this wasn't a science conversation I
don't know dude sorry God Jesus he's a
slippery one how would women versus
men's sport work if trans women are
classified as women sports where the
physical differences have a meaningful
reason for splitting would you change
every societal situation where we group
man women to include a small percent of
the population sports are an edge case
but all trans people do is break it is
demonstrate that we already kind of [ __ ]
up without anyway but we're okay with it
we're just on ok with trans people right
like you can make this argument a
million different ways like you know
like should we should we have different
divisions and sports for different like
key levels in men or should we have
divisions of sports based on height like
chuckling I don't know
I don't know it's that complication is
to come or that conversation is very
complicated
for me to care about right now that's a
really difficult there's already weight
division Amazon height divisions and
there aren't weight divisions in all
sports either I don't know why you would
say that good enough are and my
understanding of it isn't like in the
NFL and baseball and basketball there
are weight divisions my guy could be
wrong but I've never heard about it
that's true
[Music]
