hey what's up buddy hey thanks for
having me on man yeah thanks very come
on what's up so I don't know how you I
don't I guess we were just gonna chat
because I'm not really sure how to
debate any of our disagreements I don't
know if it's relevant to your stream who
I am I'm just some random dude well I
mean you can deduce your background or
whatever okay well I have I think it's
mentioned on your stream already but I
have a master's degree in biology
specializing in applied ecology and when
I did my undergraduate my honors thesis
was in the was for evolution and ecology
stream but before that I have a
background in philosophy specifically
epistemology and philosophy of science I
did a specialized in that up until like
third year before I switched to biology
so in some way I I was really interested
in some of your pass talks with your
friend I forgot his name REM or
something because like he has way more
education than I do but I think he's
pretty good at explaining some of his
some of the problems that he has with
your positions that are kind of similar
to some of the problems I have with your
positions but but I think like a lot of
it's kind of hard to tell what you like
because you tend to change your opinion
over time and it's kind of hard to keep
track of what your current positions are
so maybe I can start just by asking you
if you still believe what I think you
believe especially with when it comes to
like moral questions and then downstream
it's gonna affect like the values that
you care about when you talk about
veganism or abortion when you have those
debates right okay so so yeah just to
make sure do so on a I guess on abortion
do you still but do you still basically
believe that it's immoral to
kill a like say one second old fetus
like you still ascribe moral relevance
at the moment of conception even though
like politically you think it you're
still pro-choice right um kind of this
sounds a little dant illogical but I
mean I can say yes I guess for the
purposes of this discussion sure okay
and with veganism you still believe that
people who for example people who are
against who find it morally
reprehensible to for an individual to
torture animals if they if they eat meat
you consider that's a very inconsistent
hypocritical viewpoint right yeah I
wouldn't say that torturing for pleasure
well I mean yeah I would say these two
people are very very close to one
another you might be able to know what's
not a difference between the two but I'd
say that they're pretty close to being
indistinguishable yeah okay do you still
call yourself a moral anti-realist or or
moral relativist yeah I think both of
those terms sure okay so I remember this
is a while ago I think you had it really
long there was a really long video with
with your philosopher friend and you
talked about he tried to convince you
how ridiculous the position of moral
anti-realism is so and you did not
change your mind so what what about that
conversate like if you remember that
conversation what about it was
unconvincing to you because maybe maybe
there's something lost in the language
there I find that philosophers like the
more educated you are in philosophy the
more difficult it is to kind of talk
about very foundational moral positions
because philosophers have to use
different sorts of language to to
basically formalize their argument
because otherwise if they use they refer
to other words like good or bad for
example and moral philosophy it's you
can't use those words we need to try to
ascribe certain attributes to good or
bad otherwise it becomes circular
reasoning
so sometimes it's really really
difficult to kind
understand what they're talking about so
I have a feeling that a lot of the
disagreement or unconvincing arguments
kind of stem from there
so I don't know if you want to elaborate
on what you remember from that
conversation sure so this is what it
felt like his argument was I don't think
there was a language barrier here but
this is what it felt like his argument
felt like he was essentially saying that
any for us to even have a discussion on
epistemology we already have to make the
decision that we want to have a
discussion or that it's worth having a
discussion of epistemology so like by
virtue of that alone that decision to
value something is necessarily a moral
one so morality has to precede any
possible conversation we could ever have
about anything so it so therefore we
have to be a moral realist because to be
a moral anti-realist necessarily
devolves into absurdity immediately
before any conversation can ever be had
that sounded like his position do you
think that's a fair summary or do you
think that's yeah I think that's a
pretty good summary so what about that
do you not find convincing I think
there's two things going on here one the
ultimately sceptical position would be
to say well just because we need to do
something to have a conversation doesn't
make that thing real I would I think you
could argue that that's a non sequitur
that just because this thing has to
happen before we can have a reasonable
discussion or live our lives doesn't
necessarily make that thing any more
real than anything else it would be one
way although that's kind of boring the
second thing that I think is happen is
it feels like there's been a redefining
or conflation of two different words or
two different terms that are both called
morality I would argue that like making
a choice to do something isn't the same
type of morality as something being like
good or evil that like the normative
statement of like we need to have this
in order to do this that normative that
normative claim isn't the same as like a
moral claim of like this is virtuous or
this is evil
I think there's those are two different
things okay
okay I guess the first one I kind of
agree that it might not be very
interesting but it it's it depends what
you mean by real right like I guess if I
had to summarize my problem with these
sorts of disagreements it we have no
problem saying like for example
scientific truths or mathematical truths
are objective but it seems like these
standards when it comes to morals and
values like especially when you head
when you go down to the axiomatic level
like you we seem how it seems like we
desire something more like well like
real quick so I would argue that there's
a huge contextual difference here like
if I were to say for instance like my
video game character has more strength
than your video game character and
that's just objective fact like that
that statement there there's like a
whole [ __ ] philosophy of language
here that I don't know enough about but
like that statement of like this is
objectively true it's gonna be way
different or is gonna carry much less
like I don't want to say Authority but
it's gonna mean something different than
if somebody's having a discussion on
like epistemology and they say this is
objectively true right like these two
things are dealing with a whole other
layer of what we of like truths I guess
I put that in quotation marks would you
agree with that or do you think that's
not true
okay well well I guess you have to start
with your starting assumptions and the
context in which you are going to make
that argument and then once you agree
upon the assumptions then there's
objective facts about that framework
like if you're talking about like anime
characters right you you agree that
there's like you can say like Vegeta is
more powerful than Goku and then us and
then as long as you both agree on
relevant characteristics on how you guys
define powerful in that universe or
whatever then you can actually have a
real argument it's not just well you
know but I think what the argument
you've given there I think you've almost
conceded the ground of like being an
anti realist to everything there so
you're essentially saying that things or
if I you can tell me if this is not fair
summary you're saying that things are
objectively true but only in relation to
some afro mentioned axiom the things are
only objectively true once we have an
axiomatic foundation of which to build
upon and then those axioms themselves
are by definition unjustified so then
we're okay right let's yeah good okay
well I guess there's two types of axioms
this is where I found it really
hilarious with that video where there's
these two guys trying to come up with
this wholly axiomatic oh god yeah
there's an axiom where you're talking
about like like in in the context of
that conversation where we're talking
about theoretical characters and but
then there's axioms where just by
rejecting them you're cut yourself
contradictory yourself contradicting so
and I think that's what your friend was
talking about when he says that you you
just basically it breaks down into
absurdism like you can't even have any
conversation at that point and I think
and just as that is the breaking point
when it comes to scientific questions
like for example we have to assume
axioms like the rules of logic are true
we have to assume that rules of
causation of causation is true right if
you don't assume that it's true then it
doesn't make sense like Tareen yeah that
would be self contradictory already I
think that when it comes to morals and
and because values precede morals when
it comes to values there's a certain
point there is a certain breaking point
where once you reject the the
foundational axioms it turns into this
absurdity like like we we have to care
about what's true right we already are
ascribing a value of value to to truth
and that is an unfounded belief but
that's still an axiomatic value that you
have to start with and and then once you
start from there or just like how you
define good or bad once you start from
there then we can finally have a
conversation objectively within this
this framework yeah so I guess like look
with the question I have then is like
what what what do we mean when we say
something is real I guess then maybe
maybe that's like the whole disagreement
when I when I say when I say that
something is real so I would I am like a
physicalist slash materialist I don't
believe like in and immaterial things so
when I say something is real what I mean
is that this is like a feature
the world this is something that exists
independent of human thought like it's
just a thing that that's it like it's a
thing that is actually real so when we
have a so when we have a conversation
about like um or no wait I don't even
know why define all of it none of that
is relevant what I'm saying I'm sorry
when we okay so when we have a
conversation about like whether or not
we can know we're not talking about
things our brillant we're talking but if
we can know they're real if we're having
a conversation about whether or not we
can know something is real so one thing
that the analogy that I use here is like
so let's assume that like the rules of
logic are true right I would I would say
that like any conversation we have is
gonna be like a train leaving a station
and that if we start the conversation
off with well maybe logics not real then
the train is like falling into a pit
immediately like we can't have a
meaningful conversation without granted
that right you agree that right yeah
yeah of course
so like but however just because we need
to make some fundamental assumptions to
get the train out of the station doesn't
necessarily make those fundamental
assumptions things that we can know are
real it's just something we have to
assume because we're humans and that's
just kind of like that the boundary of
human knowledge like we can't have
meaningful conversations without
assuming these things but just but that
but that that in and of itself that's a
non sequitur
the idea that just because we have to
have an assumption about something to
have a conversation therefore we make
that assumption to have the conversation
therefore that thing is like real or we
know that thing is real I don't think
that logically follows that was really
worthy did that make sense yes it it
doesn't get to the point of what we mean
by real right because in everyday
language right in in science for example
we we say things are real but in the
same you can make the exact same
argument from what you're saying with
the with the train leaving the station
right like how do I know that you know
gravity is real how do I know it you
sure we're still using real in the same
way and I would argue that when we do
when when it comes to moral philosophy
you can't make rational arguments and
say that morals or you know our morals
or our these are moral or real in the in
kind of the same way because you still
start from that foundation as well it
feels like the difference though is that
I don't think science I think that the
questions that we're asking right now
fall-like very solidly in the realm of
philosophy and I don't think science
answers these questions like I don't
think science general and I could be
totally [ __ ] wrong here but I don't
think science generally concerns itself
with things like epistemology science
just takes all of that for granted and
then begins its work like like a
scientist yeah yeah yeah so so I would
say things that are relegated to science
are gonna be like like empirical
discoveries or things that can be
reasoned past the point of epistemology
well let's assume logic is true what are
the three fundamental assumptions of
science like we can observe nature
nature we can make predictions about
nature and that nature is like assistant
throughout the universe or whatever that
these are things that are just assumed
dead science never questions these
things so I don't think that like the
types of truth that we would find in
science are gonna be the same as like
the types of truth that we would find
like in morality which are like
philosophical truths which are much
heavier than like a scientific truth is
what I would well it's I guess the the
value is the foundation that's true but
everything that follows once you've
built that foundation I think you have
you treat it the same way you treat any
moral or any logical arguments like like
for example that's what I think that's
what I I hate to do this but I I might
have to defend Sam Harris to a certain
extent like this is what Sam Harris kind
of tries to do I I think this like a lot
of academics and philosophers have a
problem with his book but honestly for
the general public like it I think it's
pretty consistent for most people who
are not philosophers I think his
argument the moral landscape is good
enough like mmm-hmm like once you've
just once you've decided on your values
then then and you've decided to take a
utilitarian point of view mm-hmm uun
epitaph now yeah now moral states are
relevant and now you can actually do
science and and say true statements you
kind of like it's kind of like you know
taking a hypothetical hypothetical
imperative sorry if been statements if
you want this then you ought to do this
and those are facts right I feel like
the problem though is it like like our
youth who maybe the term non cognitivism
yes but I feel like that's essentially
what we've done though because they're
basically saying like okay well because
like the hard part of morale
like normative ethics is [ __ ] easy
right or it seems to be at least
normative ethics is easy I want to be
utilitarian [ __ ] easy is [ __ ] applied
ethics is [ __ ] easy ok ok well what
do you know what it's my stance on this
given my normative framework a meta meta
ethical framework meta ethics is in my
opinion not solvable by humans I'm
saying that really arrogantly I don't
have a background philosophy but it
seems to be the case that meta ethics is
just not a thing that it's an immaterial
thing that we can't solve but Sam Harris
if that my promise comparison it feels
like he's saying that he solved meta
ethics but really what he's done is he's
just made a bunch of assumptions like oh
well this is what's good or bad become a
non cognitive point of view like oh well
it feels like this is good or bad and
then it's like ok well now let's do our
like normative like frameworks after
that but like that's like the best those
are the burning question really is
they're actually letting good or bad
like how can we know what is actually
good or bad and that seems unsolvable to
me which is why I would be a more likely
realist it is the fundamental thing
right right yeah ok so so I guess it
might be easy for me to just go with Sam
Harris's argument sure it he so he he
actually does have an axiom he does like
do some sort of meta ethical argument
when it cut when he comes to his like
baseline assumption which is I think it
was something like the greatest possible
suffering for the great for all
conscious beings is bad and that's his
starting assumption right sure and then
and I think for most people especially
non philosophers I think that's like
that's a pretty good axiom because say
you want to reject that then you then
the the concept of good or bad kind of
breaks down like if that is not bad
like I don't think you can even have a
conversation about ethics at all I mean
that's kind of true but the problem what
I feel like I feel like you are hardcore
begging the question with that axiom
like you've already established your
entire moral system within that one
statement because when you say the
greatest suffering ought to be avoided
then my question is the first question
asks is ok well what is the greatest
suffering and now we have to actually
begin the work because the and this has
always been my critique of st. marys
because because if I were to ask a
Muslim what is the greatest suffering
you know they my
like well you know everybody engaging in
sinful behavior or our Christian right
like premarital sex this represents
suffering but to like a hedonist or at
somebody who's a moral or somebody's
atheist that might represent great
pleasure right so how do we even begin
to distinguish like we have I feel like
we haven't even begun to work on our
meta ethics by making this axiom like
this axiom is like literally begging the
question of the entire system without
doing any of the actual groundwork
that's what it feels like I think but I
think we we care about suffering like if
you in in most frameworks in most like
meta ethical frameworks more how people
define values I think for the most part
they if you like I'm not a you know I'm
not a philosopher but for most people it
just it'll just break down to well-being
and suffering for sure ultimately and
and I and I think that's a reasonable
starting point and then after that you
can you can actually make logical
arguments just like you can make logical
arguments from with with math with
starting assumptions they're starting
axioms right yeah but I feel like this
starting like the starting assumptions
of math let's say wings is that I feel
like the axiomatic foundations that that
math give you are things that can be
built off of which you don't have to
like further explore like if somebody
gives you like an axiom of math like
that's just that's it and then you build
off of that
but for this axiom of like we ought to
avoid suffering I I still feel like how
do you define suffering that seems like
it seems like you need to do more work
there like that axiom is only enough it
that like that same axiom can get off
like a million different moral systems
you know from the start right like
somebody could go jihad a million people
and say what would their avoiding
suffering by maximizing the good in the
world by following whatever religious
doctrine they are and then another
person could literally be a doctor and
is trying to save as any but right that
that saint axiom can can boots grab so
many systems that's what it feels like I
would argue but but I think like most
people would argue that I guess we have
to assume that we're all meaning the
same thing we all mean the same thing
when we say suffering but we don't
that's the problem right but well I
guess it's you can make a rational
argument about like experience and
and suffering like because our the
architecture of our brain is this is
very similar because we all evolve this
capacity for conscious experiences and
that you can map these on to real
physical processes then you can say they
can look at to humans and say when they
suffered we mean the same thing when we
mean suffering sure but like I mean like
mmm this is okay I really disagree this
because now we're now we're really
getting into same Paris okay it's like
here is a question that I would pose to
you okay let's say you take two people
one person reads one person like reads a
book or or watches you know like some
very good long form like documentary
whatever and like enriches their life
rich as their brain etc etc they're
basically taking part in like long-form
content that is very enriching at
multiple levels and then another person
browses the front page of Reddit all day
long it gets us big dopamine hit cities
meme after meme after me and is there
like is there like an objective way to
say one person is doing something better
than the other person like is there like
an objective statement we can make there
how would we even begin to do that which
one is suffering or or benefiting from
what they're doing more it depends on
the the degree if they're they're
conscious states like well-being like
their I guess Sam here so say well-being
right like like we all have different
preferences but they all result in in
some conscious experience of well-being
or happiness or whatever which people
distinguish from like pure hedonism but
you can you know just pick the term and
we can all agreed to call it that and
and that still maps on to some
experience on that you would assume is
can be you know it's physical in the
brain and then you can actually say an
objective truth about that experience
and and like I said like what you have
to care about the the experiences but I
would say the whole concept are good or
bad or values just breaks down as soon
as as soon as you say good or you know
suffering and well-being conscious
experiences are not real like are not
relevant as soon as you reject that I
think the concept of good or bad well
it's not that it's not relevant it's
just that it seems really hard to
ascribe like better or
to one of these without some
foundational starting axiom that is
entirely derived from a non cognitive
point of view so like for instance like
what's old let's use a better example I
could live towards 80 like I could live
to 80 years old and be very healthy or I
could live to 60 and I could eat junk
food and never exercise right which one
of these represents an optimal brain
state you know maybe the person that
exercises and eats healthy is living a
worse existence because they don't get
to partake in as many bad foods and
because they have to exercise more but
the person that eats you know really
shittily dies earlier and the end part
of his life is worse because his health
is worse like we have to make some
totally arbitrary starting point well do
we value health do we value longevity do
we value you know the ability to to eat
bad food and be lazy like and that and
what we choose to value there seems
entirely arbitrary like how could we
possibly map on to the human
consciousness in a way that gives us
like what one of these things would be
valued more than the other how do we
possibly do that I I don't think we
can't like just because we can't do that
doesn't mean that there's a fact of the
matter that these conscious experiences
are what we mean when we say good or bad
that's that's all I'm saying and that
you know and that you can actually say
that it subjective like you it's a I
think it's a different argument to say
like there's a lot of things that
science can't can't answer for example
right because it's just pragmatically
impossible under certain theoretical
frameworks but nobody questions about
like nobody takes issue with the fact
that we still call scientific facts
objective facts for example so well sure
but again like I think I think that
carries like I think that carries like
different weights like a scientific
objective fact is gonna be much softer
than like a philosophical objective fact
right like it's not like because it's
bright do you agree that I do not agree
that I think they're both equally soft
you know I think it's somebody who does
science I think they are like because I
think you have to start from the from
the from the bedrock and then work your
way up a lot like some people would
argue like scientific non realists or
one one way of
arguing against scientific realism is
that Sciences can can never actually say
what's real about the world like all the
arguments that you made about morality
you can make exactly the same argument
against science and people have and
they've said that it just allows us to
do things it allows us to navigate the
world and use use certain tools to
manipulate the world but we actually
don't have access to the real world
right sure
so so you never know what's real and
then so like all of science eventually
breaks down to some sort of relativism
or pragmatism and and yeah and most
people reject that idea but it seems
like everyone kind of accepts that same
line of argument when it comes to morals
and I find that kind of I feel like
you're demanding more out of moral
philosophy than you do when it when it
comes to like philosophy of science or
epistemology sure I understand so let me
deal with the first thing and then we
can see we agree to disagree and then I
got the second thing rundown so for the
first thing I would say that like the
statement statements regarding like say
say we develop like a like a law of
gravity okay that like these statements
are just like making observations about
things that you know fall to the earth
is a scientific formula that that
observation is assuming so much
underlying stuff that it that it it when
I say it's a soft statement what I mean
is that like the hard work of like
philosophy is not done by science there
so like I so I would consider like a
statement like if I drop this bottle to
the desk you know it will fall I know
it'll fall right that's like a soft
observation but if I were to make this
statement like things that I observe are
actually happening in the real world
then that is a much more difficult
statement to prove so I guess that's
what I mean when I say like like like
that that that philosophical assertion
that my observations are representative
or give me access to like like the real
world that's like a really strong
statement to make but science doesn't
concern itself with that so it just
takes that for granted and then it moves
past those hard questions and then with
all of those assumptions built in it
says well we can make observations the
real world is probably true and then
this is what we're going to measure in
that real world that's what it feels
like to me using disagree with any of
other then I guess okay maybe it was
dictionaries yeah miss misinterpretation
of your the way or using the language
but yeah it I think I don't I don't
necessarily disagree with that I think
sharing we agree with that but like
colloquially like it it's really you
would just have to say that your your
ethics or your morality is like how you
apply them to say you know it it's not
any more or less relativistic than how
you apply scientific facts okay so like
this is okay so this is the part where
I'm gonna disagree with you okay so the
second thing that you said was that I'm
applying an unfair burden to morality
because every statement that I make
about morality well the foundations are
arbitrary it feels non-cognitive is
eccentric cetera you would say well the
same can be said for science like your
starting point in science and I
literally just gave that argument you're
saying that science assumes all these
things to be true and then it moves on
from there why can't morality do the
same right is essentially what you're
saying yeah and I don't think the the
the just to clarify it like based on
what I said earlier I don't think that
the foundations are arbitrary right I
think they're they're necessary
otherwise you you can't even like
everything just breaks down to absurdity
I agree I agree that I'm sorry when I
say arbitrary what I mean is like
unjustified but I shouldn't say
arbitrary they're not arbitrary they're
picking first chosen for specific
reasons because without that things yet
would be absurd I agree yeah yeah
otherwise people will just like my
problem with this statement is that my
and I haven't explored this as much so I
don't have like good words to use here
so I'm gonna try to do jumble this too
hard so you you have [ __ ] you have like
empiricism and in rationalism I think
empiricism is like the idea that you
gain information through like your
senses and the rest
yeah and then rationalism is the idea
that we're born with some a priori
knowledge and we use that to piece
together the world it seems like if you
if you combine our like a priori
understandings so like like causality or
these like really basic like fundamental
logical statements and and then and then
you take like our observations about the
world it seems like science will almost
always
it has to logically follow from that
like the fact that I can make an
observation and then I can plan that
that observation will occur again and
again this is like a combination of one
relying on my sensory experiences that
all humans seem to have you know say for
being blind or deaf whatever and that
too it's using like some some logic I've
been granted which all see humans seem
to have granted so like science is like
the logical extension of our operating
knowledge combined with our physical
senses but morality doesn't seem to stem
at all
so morality doesn't seem to have
anything to do with our sensory
perception and it's only built out of
kind of rationality but but it doesn't
seem like there's any way to point to
like one thing being better than the
other or one thing ever like doing
something that makes it a better choice
than another thing without that being
completely an appeal to like some
emotional state I guess is what I'm
saying do you do you recognize there's a
distinction there anything I'm drawing a
distinction where there is none
I think you are drawing a distinction
but I'm not I'm not really sure where
where the distinction is like if I if I
take like seventeen different groups of
humans and I put them on the on the
earth and I have all of them I want all
of you to begin scientific and moral
explorations I think that like given you
know twenty thousand years given
sufficient time every single one of them
will be able to come together and say
like hey we all have our version of the
periodic table of elements that's
something that will be shared across
like if we find an alien civilization I
think that they will have some form of a
periodic table of elements because those
are like those seem to be properties of
the earth and it seems like the way that
we understand that it is like a it's
like a process that is shared among all
humans when it comes to morality it
could be totally some people can have
like [ __ ] random gods some people
could just be like a hive mind we're
like oh we have no morality blah blah
blah other people could have like
different philosophical you know meta
ethical army seems like but there's no
way to say whose is better or whose is
worse because none of these are making
statements about the world or none of
these have to do with like any
observations my brother the world it's
just like what do people feel are the
best things I guess I think okay I think
maybe the confusion is that you're
confounding the idea what's bad
or worse with what our values I guess
because because I think like first for
science we we still care about you know
what's true we have we haven't value you
know to try to investigate whether
something is true or not in in the
natural world when we when you do
science you're ascribing a value to
truth for morals I think we're we're
we're doing the same thing we're
describing certainty
we're describing a value when we do that
so again the difference is I feel like
science looks for things that are true
but like morality looks for things that
are true with like a capital T like
science isn't actually concerned with
the idea of like does this thing exist
or not like is this can in front of me
actually like a real thing in the world
where as morality seems like it has to
dig a little bit because we can't we
can't find like if I were to tell you to
point to morality you can't point to it
anywhere there's no place like that's
this is like an immaterial thing that
like exists in our head right like
there's no place that you can observe
it'll point to it but I could but I
could do that with scientific
observation right I think but I think
science still the science still maybe I
shouldn't even use the word science now
that I think about it I guess when it
comes to like empiricism and rationalism
they still it seems like they have
unjustified values at the bottom of it
pressure have goals and I think and I
think we should just treat morality or
ethics or normative ethics in the same
way just like well I guess normative X
ethics would be you know downstream just
as Sciences downstream from epistemology
I guess and so I mean when it comes
epistemology would you say that you're
not you're not a real like you're not a
realist or you're I'm like I'm my
position is real dumb like the I'm like
the ultimately sceptical position yeah I
would say I would be like an epistemic
anti-realist but like I would Riga and
maybe there maybe this is like a vacuous
distinction but like I'm an anti realist
regarding all of these things but I
recognize it like well we have to assume
these things to be true to have any
reasonable discussion right like I can't
reasonably live my life as though like
epistemic truth isn't
thing because it would be absurd or I
can't live my life as though like you
know my you know my sensor is like my
like I can't gather sense data
accurately like I'm gonna live my life
like that's not possible
but like just because I need this just
to function as a human doesn't mean that
these things aren't necessarily real or
true things I know it does I don't think
it makes sense I think like you can't
even say what's real or true once you
say once you once you say that you have
to grant this assumption to even make
statements that are real or true because
now you're using real they're true and I
don't know what you mean by that like
you you think that there's another real
or true beyond we have to make our
starting assumptions to even talk about
what's real or true yeah so I guess my
problem is that like as a human like you
can never know anything like outside of
your perspective so I like how could you
ever make a statement on something
that's this like absolutely true or
absolutely not true it seems like it's
something that would be like outside of
like what a human is capable of doing
yeah well I think that so then how
doesn't that make you like an it like an
anti realist in regards to like truth or
like epistemology because because I I
don't think that that's a coherent view
of truth it's it but do you think
something I define that it itself
contradicts itself but do you think that
something being like non-coherent
necessarily like isn't the isn't our
desire for coherency isn't that resting
on some like unjustified axiom as well
like just because something is uncle
incoherent doesn't necessarily make it
true or not true unless we're
restricting ourselves to like our own
definitions like it all becomes circular
right yeah well I hope maybe I may be
incoherent the wrong word well no I
think it's a good word but I think cuz I
think it kind of exposes what's
happening right it's like so for
instance like somebody was like well how
can you say that nothing is true when
the statement
nothing is true must be true therefore
you itself contradicted right but what
I'm not trying to get at that like well
I can't like I can't disprove truth
within the system that we exist in
because it would be I would have to step
outside the system but like that's my
whole point is that we're incapable of
removing ourselves from like whatever
perspective we have so how could we ever
self validate this perspective that was
kind of wordy does that make sense I
guess the whole concept of self
validating that the perspective
it doesn't make sense it's not even like
it's basically a it's not even a real
question like you I you know you can't
even interpret it in a way that's
comprehensible sure because you have to
start somewhere right so I can you say
like with it so I'm like a I'm like a
big streamer guy kind of right and
you're talking to me yeah okay
so that's kind of cool could you tell me
with absolute certainty that you're not
going to wake up in like five minutes
and this was kind of a dream can you be
absolutely certain of that so like so
your entire so you're literally your
entire reality right now could be
fabricated so how can you think that you
can make a statement of with regards to
any absolutely true thing if you can't
even trust like the reality that you're
experiencing right now I I think that
when you talk about absolute truth you
have to talk about it in the in the
within the constraints of the framework
that we were discussing earlier like
just you you have to start at in a
framework and then in that framework
then that's what we talk we're talking
about we're talking about absolute
truths or objective truths yeah I agree
with that
yeah but then but like I said now now
why why can't use like by your
definition nothing can really be
objective right like not as a human yeah
that humans aren't capable because we
have to function within some framework
and we can and that framework can never
justify itself like there's no reason to
work use the word objective or well but
like I mean we do because we have like
different contexts for these words right
like for instance like it's true that
you know is disco G to come from as I
don't remember that like it's true that
like Gogeta will always win in a fight
against Vegeta
like that's true right we can know that
but like when you say true what do you
mean because neither of these characters
actually exist and it's like well wait
so then it's not true or can I'm it can
I can I make like we can both make true
statements in regards to fiction right
we can do that right like it's true that
snape kills dumbledore well how could
that be true that neither of those
characters exist right well okay but
within like the framework of Harry
Potter so much the same way that like
when we say things are true on you know
like do atoms exist well that gets it a
weird thing but like we can say like you
know like do the laws of logic
right well sure we can say that that's
true but only within the framework of
our kind of like human existence but we
can't step outside and say like well if
all humans were killed
like would math still exist or if all
humans were dead with with the rules of
logic so it's like well I don't know I
don't necessarily know if those things
are even like features of the world like
it's impossible for me to know that
because I can't step outside of my human
framework to analyze these things I
think every okay what you call the human
framework I think that's what I'm
talking about like everything that we
talked about has to be within that human
framework and then and then and then you
can say things are objectively true or
not true so I think it's completely I
think it's like it's not it's not
comprehensible it's kind of like absurd
to say that you're an anti realist
because you have to talk about realism
or anti-realism within that human
framework that you were talking about um
I mean I guess but then it feels like
we've kind of like taken realist or
anti-realist basically like you in I
mean if you're using those definitions
it again it almost feels like you're
begging the question like because if
that if that like in order to be an anti
realist you have to reject the very
things that would make you an anti
realist well therefore realism is like
the only valid position to take I guess
it just depends on like how strong the
claims a realist make are because like
if a realist wants to say well like this
realism exists insofar as the human
framework is concerned well I mean like
of course I would agree with that right
like I'd have to right I don't I don't
know enough about what real wasn't real
realists or anti realistic maybe maybe
your friend will correct all the dumb
things I've said but but yeah well at
least we're not when I guess when we
talk about it in in everyday life I
think it it doesn't make sense to call
yourself a moral anti-realist or a moral
relativist when it comes to downstream
topics right like it it doesn't make
sense when you're making when you're
having debates about abortion or or
veganism when you actually are talking
about morals 2wg try to communicate your
viewpoint as relativistic
it I think W it does a lot of harm on
your position makes your argument less
convincing
well like I I mean like I kind of
understand what you're saying
because it's it's just it's just as
objective as what anyone else would mean
when they say the word objective yeah I
agree with that to some extent though I
guess like things like veganism are
solved almost really almost at the meta
ethical level it feels like because like
for instance like if one of your axioms
are whatever in meta ethics is like you
know we ought to reduce the suffering of
all sentient beings which is about which
i think is like a pretty common like
starting axiom but for a lot of like
philosophical sorry or at least yeah
right well if that if that's your axiom
I mean like we can jump from there
whatever normative or I'm sorry whatever
yeah whatever normative framework you
choose your applied ethics position is
gonna lead you to veganism like almost
always unless there's some way that you
like reduce the amount of suffering by
like farming animals to feed people like
but that's gonna be really really hard
to do right so like those questions are
almost solved on the medical level well
I I they're solved at the meta ethical
level or they or the conflict is that
the yeah the cut way yeah like it almost
feels like they'll they would logically
follow from certain like meta ethical
positions like like if that's your
starting axiom of like we ought to
reduce the suffering of all sentient
beings whatever normative framework you
apply your applied ethics positions
almost always gonna lead to veganism
since it would have to so the hard
questions are at the meta ethical level
okay I don't agree with that no yeah if
you want if you want to move on to that
argument because I think even though I'm
not not really a utilitarian I think I
can make a utilitarian argument where
for for I guess non veganism like for
meat-eating to to a certain degree
what are you valuing to do that that
seems really hard and well while you're
still carrot while you're still caring
about well-being and suffering of
conscious being are we factoring it like
the environment and stuff here or um
that seems like really hard it gets far
more complicated when it comes to the
environment but yeah you could make that
argument to like those people who go
hunting and or fishing or they
they have their own you know to keep
their own chickens yeah but this is not
like this is not how animal agriculture
works today in the US but I think you
can eat meat and okay so you agree that
people can be utilitarian and still eat
meat barring that they don't participate
in animal or large-scale factory farming
agriculture almost certainly so like so
we can give a hypothetical of a deer
hunter that's trying to call like an
over growing deer population in some
given forest or even somebody that like
maybe scavengers food or something that
like of dead animal carcasses whatever
like these people could probably consume
meat in a manner assuming that we don't
have like a like assuming there are no
other like ethical constraints yeah okay
well I I guess barring the whole
sustainability because ultimately that's
you're just now weighing the pros and
cons of human you know Hugh the ethics
involving humans and not animals I still
think that you can probably argue you
from a utilitarian framework you can
defend eating meat I'm curious how so
let's say we start from so we have a
meta ethical position of we ought to
reduce the suffering of all sentient
beings how do we get to mediating from
there I'm curious okay okay I guess
there's two things the first thing was
everyone got really upset when you when
you said that people were our hypocrites
if they if they're yelling at somebody
for torturing a dog but they eat a
hamburger you still believe that right
yeah okay so I think I think why
everyone's so outraged was there's a
difference between whether or not you're
saying and act is moral or immoral and
then the degree in which you hold a
moral agent morally responsible for the
act right mm-hmm so so you agree that
there's a relevant difference between
somebody like save you found you found
out that your grandfather was involved
in a bombing run in in World War two or
that your grandfather murdered a family
with a shovel like there's the the
consequences are the same from the
utilitarian framework but there seems to
be a different degree of moral
responsibility that you you hold to
depending on those two situations right
almost certainly yeah
yeah so I think somebody who says who is
like really disgusted that somebody
would murder their dog would you know
torture their dog the end they don't
hold the same kind of moral
reprehensible responsibility to eating a
hamburger because there's some there's
actually some relevant difference
between that responsibility so if we
carry this analogy over fully somebody
might say Hitler was a bad person
however a Nazi isn't necessarily a bad
person
right um your your tread
okay it's your your confounding the the
two differences again your whether
something is good or bad is a binary but
whether or not you hold someone morally
accountable or the degree of the yeah
yeah so let's so let's so let's say
Hitler is bad level 10 and like a Nazi
is bad like level four or five like
that's a doing bad acts but but it's not
the same level of agency as like Hitler
that's like stealing is not as bad as
murder and sure my problem though isn't
the agents my problem is the action
itself somebody that eats meat is never
going to say okay well somebody that's
actually farming animals is bad but I'm
like a little bad but not quite as bad
instead they say that the act of farming
itself is okay but the act of hurting a
dog is not okay so this would be the
equivalent of saying like Hitler is bad
and a soldier isn't quite as bad but no
they're actually saying when Hitler
kills Jews it's bad but when a Nazi
kills Jews it's okay that seems to be
like more apt to the comparison I would
not say it's okay I would just say it's
it's less bad but that's not what meat
eaters say meat eaters don't say well
okay farming is still bad but it's not
quite as bad as like killing a dog
instead they'll say like well I guess
we're both saying what meat eaters was a
but I generally would think that meat
eaters don't say look well farming is
bad but killing a dog is more bad they
say well farming is okay but killing a
dog is really bad like that it seems
impossible to hold those two positions
without being contradictory I I don't
think
IIIi don't think the people who are
really outraged at you would say that
farming was their position was like
farming is okay they're they're saying
that well well I don't know not not
necessarily okay I mean I mean I'm sure
that they would if you were rational if
they were rational I should say they
would say that they wish it was not as
bad as it was yeah but like now we're
getting into some real like I wish that
they would have like killed the Jews in
a more humane manner like that would be
the analogy right like like that's not
an acceptable position to dig if you
think that killing animals is bad like
it should be bad . not like well I wish
we killed them in better ways right like
I think there's like I said the degree
of the moral crime like you agree that
it's bad well yeah but we're talking
about degrees of moral crime but
meat-eaters don't believe that a crime
is being committed at all when it comes
to animal agriculture but they somehow
try to like a mealy ate it million they
try to make it a little bit better by
saying well maybe if we killed them in
more humane ways but that doesn't even
make sense like if you think that
something ought to be protected why do
you think there's like a better more
humane way to kill it like that's like
the equivalent of saying like I think
slavery is wrong or like somebody's like
well I think slavery is wrong but it'd
be ok if they at least treated the
slaves a little better like well that
doesn't really make sense right oh my
god well I mean I think I think it mood
makes sense if somebody during the time
of slavery said that slavery is wrong
but i but i but because we can't
currently change it in any meaningful
way collectively i would it would be
better than not if slaves were treated
better and i think i can agree with that
yeah but it seems like most meat eaters
don't want that don't want like well
maybe i think your straw Manning
mediators i don't know maybe maybe
you're right i mean i could be probably
convinced either way well i will say I
will agree to that if a mediator wants
to say killing a dog and actually I
would prob I would probably agree with
that that like killing somebody's like
personal pet is probably if we if we
take ideological approach it's probably
a greater more wrong to do that then
like to be an it somebody that eats meat
from animal agriculture I probably agree
that but I but if a mediator was like
okay animal agriculture is wrong it's
bad we shouldn't do it but you know like
killing a dog is worse I think that's an
okay position I don't think that's
contradictory I think that's okay well
yeah well Davis is like it's much worse
the point where you could act you could
like you're justified in expressing
moral outrage that people are torturing
dogs not in the same way that you're not
express and in the same way that you
would express moral outrage from
somebody eating a hamburger like yeah I
guess not so it's not hypocritical like
so if you agree with that then you have
to agree that's not hypocritical yeah I
if somebody had that position I'd
probably be okay with it doesn't I mean
I guess like both of us are dealing or
unless you've got like polling numbers
I'd be curious to see like how many
people think it's my guess would be that
like 80% plus meat-eaters think that
like killing an animal for the purpose
of recreational enjoyment of its carcass
is a morally acceptable thing I think
most meat-eaters would agree with that
now maybe they'll co-op quibble over
like should it be humane or not but I
think that most meat eaters think that
animal agriculture is a moral thing I
guess we would have to get like numbers
but that's what it feels like it's like
not a moral it's a space moral thing
it's more acceptable yeah yeah I don't I
don't think that's a very defensible
position I think and also I think I also
wanted to point out that when we when
we're granting moral status to animals I
think like and if they care about
well-being suffering then then you have
to care about like the conscious
experience of the animals and then and
now you're ranking what the the
hierarchy of moral status for animals so
you rank mammals higher than than
chickens and chickens higher than fish
so now you can have a whole bunch of
class of different types of meat eaters
who can all still be utilitarian but
think that like the torturing of like
chickens or for example might not be is
not a immoral act because if they if
they can make the argument that chickens
don't have the capacity to suffer in the
same way cows and n pigs suffer that
would be in an incredibly difficult
position to defend I feel I don't even
know how why why is it difficult to
defend because we're getting into so
many arbitrary things like what
we value at this point and how can we
even measure what we value like if we
want to talk about like the contract how
do we compare the conscious experience
of a cow to the conscious experience of
a chicken when we can't even know the
conscious experience of another human
being but we already do it like we
already care about the conscious
experience that like we already say that
plants don't have conscious experiences
right like a CNS I think that's a little
different right like yeah but somewhere
between plants and insects and other you
know organisms that can respond to
negative stimuli to the environment
there's a certain continuum and we
already draw the arbitrary line
somewhere right sure I don't disagree
with that
I think once you get to like insects and
like dumb animals you're probably
getting a little bit closer to like
we'll hold on this is hard to do yeah
well I and and people already do that
like for example some places in Europe
seem to care about animal ethics when it
comes to bees and pollinators mm-hmm
so just because people do it though it
doesn't mean it's a defensible thing I
think well but I think like I think we
already do it though like when you say
it's it's very difficult to defend that
I think like society already accepts
that so I don't well but hold on this is
a really bad appeal to social norms
right like if I say like well it's
difficult to enslave like some black
people but not some white people's like
well society we have slavery like that
that's not it I don't think that's
necessarily a good argument right like I
understand that some people already draw
a distinction between certain types of
animals but that doesn't mean that it's
like philosophically defensible right or
life in scible right okay I guess I
meant sure yeah yeah oh yeah yeah I'm
talking I'm still talking for like a
philosophical vision from a societal the
definition we already yeah we already
absolutely do this right things like
dogs and cats
well this differs in societies right
because some people think it's [ __ ]
disgusting that like some Asian people
will eat like dogs but like we you know
obviously we cherish dogs and whatnot we
would never do it hey or alright or even
like is it Indians like don't eat cows I
think right don't eat beef but uh yeah
yeah I think so yeah yeah but I think
people I think it's you you can like
just because we can't do it like
pragmatically like we can't measure
like with fMRI or other mental states of
cows and pigs and dogs and rank order
them with humans like just because it's
impractical currently we don't have the
scientific knowledge to do it doesn't
mean that it's it's it's not morally
justifiable like theoretically it could
be if we had this information right um
well no that would actually be my point
so like I agree with what you're saying
just because you can't scientifically do
something right now doesn't mean that
Phil doesn't mean that like morally we
don't have like an obligation to derp we
shouldn't at some point but what I would
ask is like how do you even make then
how do you even get to the normative
statements of what we ought to value
like over one thing I what like at what
conscious state do we begin to value
things like let's say friendís we had
the perfect ability to measure every
conscious experience like how do we even
decide what to value or what not to
value these seem like incredibly
arbitrary assertions I guess like the
intensity of the negative or positive
experience all right how would you even
like measure that intensity like like I
said we we care about how strong or or
weak a certain experiences like that's
where our values come from and then and
then when it comes to empirically then
we actually like that's a different
question you can't you can't measure it
hmm yeah that's not it just seems like
we already have our values before that
happens right it's like I think you're
conflating values and and the
implementation or the pragmatic
implementation of those values well and
the other already requires an ethical
framework to begin with yeah so I'm not
so much taking an issue with like well
how would you measure it I'm just more
like what like what would you even
choose like let's say we could measure
like the intensity of an experience and
we and we measure between like one to
ten assuming we can even do that and
assuming how would we how would we even
decide what is intense like what makes
it experience intense is it like the
fear like how scared something is of
dying is it like the physical response
how much does it try not to die is it
like a stress hormone produced to the
brain like well we'll ignore that would
all have to be worked out but let's say
that we did figure that we had an
intensity rating of like one two
and what would you even choose as being
like well once you hit six that's when
it becomes morally wrong to do it but at
five and below like that isn't morally
wrong I don't know that all of that just
seems so incredibly arbitrary but I
that's like that's another form of
begging the question right because you
already assume that we already know what
what relevant factors are are our what
factors are relevant for negative or
experience well they're suffering imma
see ya but I'm assuming it because I'm
trying to be charitable to your position
if I if I make you defend all of those
anything that that gets even harder
because how could you possibly even
choose what it means to have an intense
experience what I think that's a
scientific question though well no
that's a philosophical one we'd have to
define that right like what does it mean
to happen like in science you're not
gonna are I could be wrong but like well
or you're biologists right like I don't
think like scientifically we can measure
like the intensity of an experience I
don't even think science knows what it
experiences yet right like this is like
wow yeah so like how could we
scientifically define like this is an
intense experience right we would have
to value something either a dopamine
release of the brain a fear response to
release of cortisol maybe in the
bloodstream like we would have to like
arbitrarily choose what we decide to
like measure as like a like an intensive
response right I mean there's some weird
I guess like scientists have tried to do
this like for example for example
there's like the Schmidt index where
there's I work in entomology so I study
insects and so there's like there's a
guy named Schmidt who like who stung
himself amid sting pain index gotcha
yeah yeah and and then he measures the
intensity of the experience and that's
his objective quote-unquote objective
measure of a feeling of pain right so I
would assume that if scientists were if
once we care about suffering like
scientists would do something similar
well like I think in in in going back to
our previous conversation like whenever
we do science I think we we embedded in
a lot of our scientific like analysis
and analyses and our theories are value
statements right like whenever you
statistics you decide what threshold is
biologically relevant to to your to your
goals and then there's the there's
applied researchers who do what I do
and then there's researchers who just do
things just basic research right like
like physicists who are asking more
fundamental questions and and you don't
get around ascribing moral values to
what you're you're investigating I think
I think eventually it it does boil down
to values and we just we just kind of
take it for granted okay so I think like
in physics like especially like in
really really difficult like quantum
physics I wouldn't say you're asking
moral questions but you start to get too
normative questions like the the
framework through which I view quantum
mechanics is largely going to depend on
the type of answer that you're trying to
get like it's like like a stuff like
that what you're referring to
so so like when it comes to like
interpretations of quantum mechanics
different I think like a physicist might
use a different interpretation based on
the problem that they're trying to solve
even if that interpretation might have
some fundamental contradictions with
other interpretations of QM okay so so
are those the types of like things
you're talking about recently like well
even as a scientist sometimes you need
to make like a normative some sort of
normative distinction but before you
actually begin the work or at the very
least when you're analyzing the work
like huh like for example something that
biologists do is they you you eventually
have to decide on a statistical model
when you're doing an analysis sure and
then and then certain models will value
well you know that there if certain
models are better at evaluating
something that you care about more than
others like you are you more do you care
like for example scientists care more
about reducing type one error or over
type two error but in other fields maybe
wait what else I'm just curious what is
the type one error type two error oh
okay
I thought maybe you or you covered this
um so like a type 1 error this is like
very very basic rust
so type one error is accidentally
ascribing something to be true when in
fact it is not true so scientists want
to avoid type 1 error that's why they
set their p-value to like 0.05 which is
like 95% certain that if they run their
experiment again you're going to get the
same result 95% of the time so it's like
saying you're allowing for 5% chance
that if you of detecting a signal when
one is not there okay and then there's a
type 2 error where you you where you
actually do think that there is a signal
that are it's the opposite so so you
think that there is no signal when in
fact there is a signal right so science
heavily weighs upon making a type 2
error like like art yeah so so so a
scientist is more likely to create a
type to make a type 2 error in their
analysis when they're doing their stats
if they do like say like a very you know
if they do this typical p-value thing so
so that's why I like it's part of the
reason why it is like a publication
crisis that people are talking about
like for example yeah when you bias
publication on positive results like
usually papers that have positive
results are more likely to be published
and papers have negative results yeah
and so you're kind of already doing a
filter where one in two like say you
actually detect a signal and you run an
experiment it could be that you're the
one in 20 or that 5% that's actually
detecting a positive signal when one is
not there and and then that gets
published but all the other 19 people
that may have ran the same experiment
they got a negative signal and they did
not get publication that's right um and
then if people don't communicate with
each other then people could be running
a whole bunch of experiments and wasting
everybody's time so so that's like one
aspect of it we're already kind of like
you're already
heavily favoring one type of error over
another we're kind of like making a
value judgment
I mean scientists are aware of this like
you know there's more than there's more
to statistical analysis than pee hacking
or doing power analysis or ascribing
relevant p-values but every statistical
model we have to take all these
considerations like we all we have to
care everyone has to have to make a
certain value judgment and it's
different depending on the field and the
goals of that field mm-hmm
so I think where was I going with this
that scientists need to make some sort
of normative statement or judgment
before they can even begin to yeah yeah
so so yeah that's hope hopefully that
makes sense yeah I agree I mean I have
to agree I can't disagree with that
right does it make sense though like you
could disagree with that I don't know
why you wouldn't um Wow I will well big
to disagree that statement would mean
that scientists have solved like
philosophy right like scientists must
necessarily make some normative
statement before beginning scientific
investigation because there's no other
way to know what scientific
investigation to do otherwise so you
have to make some normative statement
beforehand right yeah yeah so so even
when you're just looking at truth
statements we're already everyone has to
make a normative call for sure so what
was what were we talking about before
that that led to that led to that I'm
not one our positioning oh we were
talking about what we value when we're
talking about suffering okay and and
when it comes to when it comes to moral
what's relevant like like if we go from
utilitarian framework and we're talking
about the the suffering and well-being
of conscious animals yeah I don't see
that as any different when you're making
that kind of like judge
and call of what's what is biologically
relevant when we're talking about
suffering and well-being if you're
measuring brain activity of an animal
like I think I think oh yes that call I
guess like the difference here is that
it feels like so like I feel like like
not all normative statements are moral
statements but all moral statements are
normative statements so like if I choose
one statistical model over the other I'm
not making the claim that this one is
morally correct over the other I'm
making the normative claim that like
this one will give me a result in more
conforms to what I'm looking for here
whereas with this that your what are you
looking for there whatever benefits
whatever investigation yeah yeah exactly
and that's a moral statement that's
that's all whatever benefits but I think
like would you say that like let's see
this didn't make me alright this is
incredibly ironic for me to say this but
like at that point I feel like you've
made moral statements vacuous because
then every everything is a moral
statement which I guess is kind of like
rums initial argument right but like
this yeah but I guess like I wouldn't
say that like let's say that like I go
to the store to buy like a Red Bull or I
say like I'm going to the store to buy a
Red Bull
is this like a is this a moral statement
in the same way that like killing
another person is wrong is that the say
are these the same types of moral
statements I feel like they're not I
think well going to the store to get a
Red Bull has values ascribed to it right
so yeah but like one deals with a
fundamental moral question the other one
just kind of like assumes that it moves
past it I feel like these are two
different types of questions no I think
if you they all reduce down to values
right so so one reduces faster than the
other
like getting a Red Bull you have to go
through a lot of train stops before you
go back to the initial trip station
right and but the killing you'll you'll
get there a lot faster it's not it's not
as far downstream well I think that's
that's the main difference that's why I
don't think it's there all vacuous I
think I think you're kind of like
confusing how close they are to the
fundamental
framework the the fundamental
assumptions and then just because they
all reduce down to that doesn't mean
that what's true or false or what's good
or bad or vacuous right I I guess I I
disagree with that I'm trying to think
of how I can formulate a response to
that like let's say that we're
programming let's say we're making a
project right like we're gonna we're
working on a project with five friends
let's say that every like I feel like
there are two different types of friends
there are two different types of people
that could be working on this right so
somebody says hey for next this next
part of our project we need to program
this thing I think that for one person
to say okay well I'm going to suggest
this this and this and then for the
other person to say well hold on we
shouldn't be using Java we should be
using like you know like C++ or we
should be doing a different framework we
should be using this right like these
two people are like addressing
fundamentally different questions and I
feel like that makes like the the the
the types of like the type of question
of like you know should we like which
framework should we use to like program
a project in versus once we've decided
on a framework what's the best way to
solve this problem in the forever I feel
like these are fundamentally different
questions and just because you can
reduce one to the other doesn't make
them all like the like interchangeable
does that make sense okay like if like
if I were to ask a question like is
murdering someone good or bad
like that's fundamentally a moral
question but the statement of like like
oh I should go and pick up my kid from
school like that's not like
fundamentally like a plig immoral
question or statement in the same way
the other one is even if it can produce
to it I think they're different but they
still they're they're not moral
statements but they're all but they're
all predicated on on on prior values
that you have to take as a given like
you have to assume them sure yeah so
that that's all I'm saying
like I like I think like I said I think
you're you're conflating morals and
values I guess well I'm trying to say I
think there's a difference between the
two
but I don't necessarily love cup so what
exactly is the question we're
breastfeeding here because I think I've
gotten lost on the in the example it's
like well I think I don't know what you
disagree with but I think you're trying
to point out what what you were
disagreeing with me on when it comes to
I guess I was pointing out that oh sure
like if like a statistician aesthetician
statistician statistician when if a
status statistician the statistician
statistician yeah if a statistician
favors one model over another I don't
think that's a moral thing in the same
way that one person might say like
murdering is wrong I feel like I agree
that it's not a moral thing but both are
predicated on values which have to be
presupposed like if you if you reduce
down to it sure I agree with that so and
so I think and and I think morals and
moral truths and scientific truths like
they're you you can't separate them from
unsubstantiated values I guess and I
would argue like I guess like if I were
to as a layperson trying to or argue
like or for moral philosophy you could
you could even say that take the Sam
Harris position and say that what if you
were to dig down at the very end of the
day everybody kind of has the same
values like everybody kind of it's it
seems like everybody cares about
well-being and suffering to some extent
mm-hmm and if they don't it doesn't
really make sense mm-hmm and so and so
that's what that I mean that's my
defense of of objective moral truths or
objective moral statements yeah and I
guess my problem with that statement is
that that feels like at the end of the
day you you've fully embraced like like
I'm it feels like more relativism to me
but you disagree like at the end of the
day like I could go back
like 200 years at the end of the day
everybody knows that like the Negro is
inferior to the white man like that's
just something we all intrude of we know
to be true or that the or that a woman
is inferior to a man like we just all
kind of know that so like a more realist
might say the like well intuitively like
we all know this is true so of course
it's true why do you disagree why is one
intuition better than the other
aside from relativism the fact that
you're here now and you weren't there in
the past because if we care about
well-being and suffering then if you
apply it to the past then the same moral
the same normative statements apply
right I guess but then I felt like we're
literally back at like the exact because
you don't have access to them at the
time doesn't mean that there's not facts
of the matter about well-being and
suffering yeah but we have to choose
like whose well-being and suffering we
care about right this is I guess this
goes back to the very beginning of a
conversation where I feel like
well-being and suffering or like are not
vacuous but like you have more work to
do that that doesn't actually state
anything right like a surfer so for
instance like a racist
Etha no status person and like a normal
non ethno state person non racist person
would both say oh yeah human beings
shouldn't suffer but one person wouldn't
consider black people human beings and
the other person would well then I guess
the argument would be whether or not you
should consider black people to be human
beings and then now there's there's like
objective facts like that you can you
know use and then you can and if you
want to say something like arbitrary
like skin color is what determines
whether or not you are human being like
I don't say that that's that's not a
very you can't rationally justify that
position like why no it doesn't seem
like there's any rational justification
whether whether or not you care about
skin color I know it is there I mean
even defining human being is contentious
right as evidenced by like our abortion
debates right like what do you do like I
don't think like for example the moment
of conception I think it's it's it's
just as vacuous as skin color like
choosing like or arbitraries it doesn't
seem to me that why should we care about
having two copies of your genome or why
why do we care about the moment of
conception when you're ascribing the
category of human or person or a
scribing personhood sure but then like
what do we care about
well what defines a human being what is
a good category that encompasses all
humans I'm taking the what you should
know this what's the scientific
discipline that like categorizes species
there's a name for this taxonomy yeah
and and there's there's disagreements
with that - there's the phylogenetic sis
who build phylogenetic trees based on
genetic yeah ships there's the
morphological taxonomy single logical
features there's a biological species
concept where they determine whether or
not species can interbreed and produce
viable offspring so yeah there there's
categories and families I guess based on
certain characteristics and I would say
that personhood falls within like that
kind of type of category the type of
category that is like a family but you
list a number of characteristics or
traits and if they have enough of these
traits then it's a meaningful category
well but you're taking the what did you
say the morphologist is that what
they're called no well is that that's
morphology versus like I'm like fought
like a Philo is it Philo genetics yeah
but follow genetics also pick
characteristics they just pick sequences
of DNA yeah sure but like the Philo like
a phylogenetic sister with me I would
imagine and then like a morphologist
would probably agree with you but at the
end of the day still picks categories oh
they just pick sequences of DNA as their
categories sure but like I mean like I
goat has like all of your sequences of
DNA that would make you a human right
yeah but so does your skin cell and yeah
but we can draw it like a meaningful we
can draw like a good faith distinction
between like a skin cell and like as I
go right now that you're drawing a good
faith distinction now you have to list
other categories that you think are
relevant and now you're where you're
taking my position where you think that
there's more
than one category okay sure I mean like
I can't yeah I mean like I would draw
some pretty basic categories that I
would assume that everybody would know
so for instance I Q have to be alive so
like a zygote like laying on the street
is probably [ __ ] dead or whatever you
would have to be like growing so like
some yes we're now playing the same game
right now we now you are agree with me
now we have two lists like and I just
have to show that my categories are
better than your categories when you're
ascribing personhood sure I mean none of
the categories that I've just listed are
categories that you're gonna disagree
with but now like so now that we've got
like the fundamental things out of the
way so for instance like like you have
to be alive and you have to be like
growing right like well what now how do
you get off of like the the genetic
definition into whatever category you're
gonna use well III just don't think
they're meaning like being alive yes but
like when it comes to having both copies
of your genome right like that's that
seems like a very it that seems like a
not not a very meaningful characteristic
because you have living cells on your
body that have both copies of your
genome but we don't ascribe sure but
we've we've thrown in a couple other
axioms here too like a living skin cells
we're gonna grow into a person the same
way that is I go grow into a person
right okay a pluripotent stem cell then
which does not necessarily have to be
derived from a zygote sure but those
stem cells only grow into like
environments that they're injected into
they're not going to grow into people as
well right well at least I'm not aware
of like a stem cell being injected into
something and then like it grows into a
person I don't think that happens right
stem cells are usually put into a
certain environment and then they
emulate the cells around them or
whatever theoretically there there's a
type of pluripotent stem cell that you
could turn into an egg and or or like a
with both copies of the genome and then
or an egg salad in a sperm cell and then
use them I don't know I mean I would say
like if you're capable of creating a
zygote if you create a zygote out of a
stem cell then I would say oh yeah well
then that thing is like a human like if
you actually created like that that
human what do you think what
characteristics of a zygote are
important when it comes to being a human
when you possess all the DNA to create a
human and then you're like a creature
that's growing
into human I guess okay so does that
mean that
okay well then it has then you don't
then you care more about not not
conception was it called or there's a
difference between fertilization and
conception I think like one where
there's a fertilized egg that has both
copies and would grow into a human and
then there's that and there's those that
attach to the uterine wall that can
actually grow into a fetus yeah the oh
wait you're not talking about like
ectopic practice you're talking about
like the different stages of conception
or the different stages version yeah
yeah because otherwise if you cared
about fertilize all fertilized eggs then
every time you have sex you could yeah
there's moral consequences with that
right sure yeah I mean it would be at
whatever point I don't know my maybe my
woman's anatomy is about I don't know
like the exact moment or the name of the
exact moment that like like it would be
I guess like as I go it like takes root
and begins to grow or whatever yes okay
well I just don't think that that's a
definition of person yeah but then I bet
I have to ask you like well what is your
good definition of person well it it
like I said it has to do with okay it's
it's the same it's the same market that
this is why I mean when I say it's the
same argument as the communism like you
care you care about the conscious
experiences or the well-being or
suffering of the of the agent in
question sure but you have to have more
than that right you can't just care
about the conscious experience right for
what to give like moral relevancy to
something there has to be something more
than that what do you think it's just
the conscious experience that matters
well oh here I'll help you I'm trying to
ambush you I'll try not to be drugged so
like let's if you were to answer yes to
that then I would say okay so is it
moral for me to walk up and
instantaneously kill a sleeping person
because they're not having a conscious
experience at that point in time and if
it is if it's not moral then what's it
then it depends what you mean by
conscious experience because like people
who can have dreams and do have brain
processes that are going arraign process
but we're not considering brain
processes there is an experience leaping
itself an experience right like I mean
so is like floating around in a womb
that's a type of experience right now
we're which types of experience I would
argue that there is no experience if
there's no brain when you're floating
around in a room then there's no
experience right if you're just a cell
there's nothing like it is to be a cell
or just like there is nothing like it is
to be a rock but what I mean like if you
go to sleep right now and you have a
dreamless sleep you were essentially
dying for eight hours you close your
eyes and then you open them and some
amount of time has passed you're totally
unaware of if I were to ask you what is
your experience of that sleep and it was
a dreamless slumber what could you
possibly answer well we know that
there's brain activity when you're
asleep that's you're not get you're
giving me you're not yeah but like we're
not talking about brain activity you
before you said you want to talk about
an experience so I'm asking what is the
experience of a dreamless slumber this
is like you can't you already precept by
saying dreamless right like yeah but
people have dreamless sleep Saul the
time right people go to sleep and they
don't dream and they wake up everybody
you're like saying what does experience
of a dreamless slumber is like asking
what is the experience of a non
experience experience like yeah exactly
well that well that's your question like
that's it's impossible to answer I know
that's why that's what I'm saying like
to talk about an experience seems like a
really hard way to define life well you
will you framed it that way right but I
would argue that there's there is an
experience when you're sleeping like
even dreamless Experion a dreamless
sleep like some people would argue that
maybe dreamless dreamless sleep is a
misnomer because you just don't remember
the dream that you had but oh well now
we're getting into very strange
questions if something occurs in your
mind whoo-hoo now we're getting in a
very very strange way if something
occurs in your mind but you have no
memory of it did that thing actually
occur at all of the only there's
something that you can measure right
about sleeping experiences well yeah we
measure REM sleep but if you're not in
REM sleep you shouldn't be having a
dream so there should be no experience
right I don't know if that's necessarily
true I don't don't all dreams occur I
could be wrong but I thought I was only
person that all dreams occur in REM
sleep
I think that was
the impression but I think I read
somewhere that that's not necessarily
true okay but I don't I don't know
enough about neuroscience to speculate
on that
okay but but yeah like supposedly there
is there is something that it's like to
be sleeping right I mean you can make
the argument for being in a coma or
whatever but now you need more than one
category like I just named consciousness
or having the capacity to suffer or or
have well-being right like I I think you
need more than one category like one
category is not enough just like for
taxon amiss you need more than one check
or straight so so yeah that that's my
position on it like I guess it's just
hard for me to pick consciousness one
like we can't even move past like the
[ __ ] high school or like solemn Susan
like we can't even prove that other
people have conscious experiences like
we do it seems really hard to use those
in like a moral calculus I guess don't
you think it's nonsensical though to say
that the experience or suffering of
suffering or well-being is not relevant
when you're taking moral considerations
you care more about the DNA and the
capacity to grow into a human like I
don't know I mean it depends on what you
value I mean like a religious way but
yeah it's not an argument appealing to
the queerness is not like an argument I
don't know but like it's like this is
what I mean when our values break down
right sure because because like a
religious person would say well it
sounds strange to me that you think that
murdering a child is okay just because
it doesn't think like you do right
that's like whatever religious right
indignantly say that to you right yeah
but but they care about a religious
person just as an atheist would care
about suffering and well-being when you
when you break down their values into
the axioms sure but their definition of
suffering would include like sin like
look at did you think we talked to Jesse
Peterson I know but I saw your debate
with him that's pretty great oh yeah so
like he believes that mankind right now
is in a fallen state so even people like
even people that go out every day and
maybe they do drugs and then they [ __ ]
people recreational and I play video
games that these people are suffering
even if they don't know what these
people are suffering this is why I think
like the term suffering is so worthless
being so worthless like somebody might
see like great well-being through like a
certain type of summer like martyrs for
instance are are some people are arguing
through the best type of well-being and
people that crash the plane some of the
World Trade Centers are going through
like an elevated state of well-being
because they're sacrificing their life
for like a greater good or something or
that somebody who's partaking in
something that might produce a great
deal of well-being it's like for
instance I did LSD and I had a lot of
fun but my mom would say well you're
suffering because you're committing a
sin or you're doing something bad your
body that's suffering so it seems like
those distinctions like I think the word
sin is kind of meaningless in that
context because let's metal because you
could because you could just say
suffering like you just replace the word
sin with you know another like if you
actually are suffering like it actually
if you're actually doing some sort of
psychological harm to yourself then yeah
you could you could argue that it is but
it feels like sin is actually a more
meaningful word than suffering because
if somebody says sin if somebody were to
tell me if a Christian were to say I
think that sin ought to be avoided oh
cool you've let you've actually liked
assuming you're Christian I have your
medical framework now and I know a lot
about what you're telling me but if
you're just like come as a random
philosopher and you're like we ought to
avoid suffering that doesn't tell me
anything I don't know what you mean by
suffering like that could mean a million
different things
bring it I like I said it it's it's the
Sam Harris axiom again like you don't as
soon as you questioned like like you
can't question what the the meaning of
like once you question or deny the
meaning what it means to suffer then it
at suffering is bad like now you kind of
lose the definition you kind of lose the
meaning of what bad is like well but
that's my hope that's like my whole
criticism of sam Harris his so like his
definite his axiom of suffering ought to
be avoided literally to me sounds like
he's saying that those are bad it's not
that suffering ought to be avoided huh
it's it's it's saying that if the most
suffering for everybody of all conscious
beings is not bad then I don't know what
you mean by bad like just like how just
like when you say like it's illogical to
to question the rule to say that the
rules of logic
to prove the rules of logic through
logic is circular reasoning like like it
suddenly breaks down like you have you
can't even say what anything logical but
that's all good just like how you can't
see anything is bad like but that's not
that feels like all the same here
statements like we are you know like the
peaks of human experience are like when
we experience the most well being and it
seems like he's making so he hears it
he's taking sure but like this is my
promise like and it feels like you're
making a sort of similar argument so Sam
Harris might say the peak of the human
experience or like on the moral
landscape we can find these Peaks and
that's where the well-being is maximized
and so his ethical position is he takes
that description that descriptive
position is the peak of well-being is
like a good human experience so you're
saying we ought to pursue those Peaks
but what you're basically telling me is
like this thing is good and since it's
good we ought to do it which is totally
circular and totally vacuous vacuous
right like of course the what the peak
of human experience is like the thing we
ought to pursue because that's the
goodness that's the most good and we
ought to do the most good because by
definition good is what we ought to be
doing but what is that peak what does
that peak look like that's the hard
question is my problem I guess which is
kind of like this whole conversation is
about I think you have two problems like
the first problem is like not okay so
your first issue is this it seems like
there's a circular logic winning or
begging the question when you're
defining good or bad
I would say that you have to treat it
the same way you treat logic or truth
and then my problem with that is that
it's not and that's not and then I'm
sorry and then I've one more thing to
say and then I guess the second problem
is whether or not you can even obtain it
like whether or not is practically it's
even pragmatically possible to to find
out what those peaks and valleys are
which I think I would agree with like I
second yeah I guess like we're kind of
retreading old ground but like this is
my oldest cream is like I don't think
that a moral truth is the same as an
epistemic truth I just I totally reject
this thing because I think that like
epistemic truths can lead us to make
observations like in an in a world that
we relate to via like senses like for
instance if I take if I follow from from
epistemology if I established
fundamental logic and then I use my
senses to gather data about the world
and then I combine those empirical
measurements with my epistemic truths I
can start to generate predictions about
the real world that I can also observe
that process
it's totally prognathism though okay
wait what does that mean you're just
making an argument for pragmatism so
you're just saying that just be I can
through sense experiences and and you
know logical and the rules of logic and
inductive and deductive reasoning I can
do things with science I can do with
moral philosophy okay yeah so but that
doesn't mean that they both have the
same kind of axiomatic framework or they
it doesn't mean that they one is more
one says more truths about the world
than the other oh of course but I'm
already like an epistemic or the one is
credible than the other shirt maybe I
maybe I'm a pragmatist then it's another
label for me but like jordan peterson
insane pragmatist doesn't know how do
you like how do you get to like some
Jungian archetype Oh [ __ ] from
probably he's like well that's why he
had like a two-hour argument with sam
harris right he did they don't agree on
what's true because well but the problem
is and yeah but that's it's embarrassing
for me to admit it but like sam harris
like got [ __ ] crushed at conversation
because doesn't know anything about
philosophy and jordan peterson seems to
know at least enough to destroy Sahara's
but like in that conversation yeah that
every single time sam harris tries to
talk to a philosopher in my opinion I've
seen it happen three times one was with
a physicist Sean Carroll the other was
with Jordan Peterson and then the other
time was with Daniel Dennett I think and
in every conversation sam Harris I don't
want to say he looks like an undergrad
like he looks like a high schooler to me
like he literally supposedly does but
then again so does train wrecks so I
mean I don't I mean like yeah he does he
has a VA an analytic philosophy I don't
know how but he does but yeah but like
it literally looks like sam harris like
it looks like i don't even want to say a
redditor because like the a lot of
redditors like on like the philosophy
subreddit seem like they know their [ __ ]
like sam harris seems totally have you
seen him like have like a convincingly
good
any conversation with somebody else that
like they studied in philosophy alright
cuz I knows three conversations I've
seen it was embarrassing like Jordan
Peterson I don't think razors but I
think there's a lot of problems with how
Sam Harris communicates his point of
view and and I don't understand half of
the non you know the the issue like his
arguments when people have issues in
them I tried to like I try to you know
be charitable to his to what he's trying
to say but but anytime you charitable
try what you try to be charitable oh man
dude have you seen his discussion was
with Sean Carroll I don't remember
okay it's so good because like Sean
Carroll try so [ __ ] hard to make him
not be a [ __ ] [ __ ]
we're but sam Harris wants to make
statements that are so much stronger the
way makes Sam Harris wants to say no no
no no listen I have solved meta ethics
with neuroscience okay okay what was his
what was his disagreement with Sean
Carroll Sean Carroll businesses listen
you're totally making these arbitrary
valuations of what is good or what is
bad but that's okay let's just do that
and then we can answer interesting
question but Sam Harris would not would
absolutely not give that pen as a no
you're wrong I've solved what is good
and what is bad with neuroscience but
like yeah I don't think Sean I don't
think Sam Harris was saying that I I
think Sam Harris just says it it it's
kind of like my position like I it
doesn't make sense when you say that
suffering and well-being are not in the
calculation we're talking about what's
good or bad um man concept or good or
bad breaks down so because that's
meaningless let's just start with that
and then and now you can start doing
making normative statements or science
here's like a quick question of you do
you do you believe that you can generate
arts from is--is or no no the david hume
argument is airtight you cannot do that
wait well then how are you more realist
because because i think you have to you
just have to start like it's the the
starting point of values like wait for
it to embrace more okay and i give you
total ignorance on the minute but to be
a more realistic central
have to say that we can start getting
hot statements from is statements
somewhere don't you have to do that
no okay how because or can you give me
an example of a moral statement with
isn't it it's what your friend REM was
trying to say you you have to make a
value statement when you're making is
statements already and anyway you have
to make a value statement to say to
create art statements this that makes
like you can't you can't translate one
into the other which is why David Humes
argument is airtight I feel like if you
if you want to start with that then I
can grant you that but now your
definition of what is a moral statement
has become severely weakened like and
we're not even at moral statements yet
we're I think we're just at like
normative statements like if your if
your argument for more realism is that
well in order to even have a
conversation about truth well we have to
want to have a conversation about truth
and that desire to do so is necessarily
a moral desire and it's a moral
statement as like okay well in that case
literally every single statement ever is
a moral statement but that still doesn't
get us to the type of morality we're
talking about when we say like murder is
wrong like that type of moral statement
is way different than hey we ought to
investigate epistemology right like
we're using the word moral for both but
one is clearly different than the other
I think both are both are statements of
value though like both are predicated on
values yeah but every value statement is
in a moral statement do you agree with
that or do you disagree that there like
also like all normative statements are
not moral statements but all moral
statements are normative statements do
you agree with that okay sorry yeah this
is Oh what do you mean by okay I think
your your movie it's like a normative
statement might be like I need to run 20
I need to run 100 meters to finish this
race that's like a normative statement
but that's not a moral statement the
same way as like running this race and
winning is good would be like a virtuous
to win this race or something these are
two fundamentally different types of
statements I don't know what you mean by
fundamentally but like one is talking
about morality and one is just like a
condition to satisfy the other like I
need to fill this glass with water in
order to make the glass full well like
in order for the glass before like
that's like
normative statements like the condition
of the best being full relies on this
thing happening but like a moral
statement like while they would be
morally virtuous to fill the glass I
ought to fill the glass that that's one
as a moral statement what does a
normative statement but fundamentally
these are different things they address
like different types of questions at the
at the face value level I agree but but
like filling your glass of water like
the fact like if you know you can you
can keep digging deeper as to why you
care about filling a glass of water and
and ultimately like your desire to fill
a glass of water or your desire to to
make to not murder somebody or whatever
like they they're all predicated on
values like I I don't know I don't
really understand like I have a trouble
understanding what exactly your problem
is here because like I understand what
you're saying it seems like we agree on
almost everything except I feel like I
feel like our problem our words I feel
like like we're getting tripped up on
words right now because when we're
agreeing like when you say everything is
predicated on values
I agree but when you use the word values
they're that's not the same type of
value as a moral value right like my
value for some you know like what are
your color character values right like
if I'm entering color codes right and I
need to get that six digit hexadecimal
thing that value is not the same type of
value as like the value of taking care
of your parents when they're in bad
health that even though we're using the
word value for both these are
fundamentally different types of things
that these words are a dressings are
totally different values so like when
you say well there's a value statement
when you choose to believe in truth then
that Quantic what value is far different
than the what value of like the ten
commandments oh these things are fun
with a turban even though we're using
the word value for both that's not well
in your example with it okay I don't
even know what the what it would even
mean to to hold value with with the ten
commandments but like your statements
like these are things are virtuous these
are value like these are good values
versus bad values or whatever
okay well I like I think you would argue
that finding out if things are true or
being able to you know use science or
find out or and being and finding out
true things allows us to do things
like that's like those are value
statements yeah but so that's good or
bad no no no we're really close so like
this is a normative statement okay if I
want to do things in the world I need to
investigate science okay however I ought
to do things in the world that's a moral
statement I'm just about totally
different I ought to do things in the
world is much different than in order
for me to do things in the world I need
to investigate science I think these are
two fundamentally totally different
types of statements do you think so
would you disagree okay can you say that
again the first thing before the ought
statement sure so like the first thing
is in order for me to do things in the
world
I'll have a like in order for me to have
a computer to make a microprocessor I
need to investigate like scientific
things right however saying I ought to
investigate scientific things so that I
can have a microprocessor these are two
fundamentally different statements with
the second being totally arbitrary and
whatever and the first just being like a
normative statement that we can build up
from like epistemology I think okay I
think oh maybe it is a language problem
okay so I think whenever you're making
aught statements you in a roundabout way
you're kind of making statements of the
type that you're you're making with your
with your first sentence like you know
you know I ought to do science like
language I thought it's a hyper thought
it's like a hypothetical imperative or
whatever that Kant called it like if I
want to make a microprocessor I ought to
use science to do it and then and that's
object that's like that's a kind of like
an objective normative statement or you
can say there's an objection there's
something objective about that state
yeah because that literally just
comports to like epistemic stuff we
don't have any sort of moral
declarations to get that statement
working right yeah and so and so when it
comes to things like I ought not to
murder my best friend right if I care
about you know so it's kind of like it's
so saying I ought not to kill my best
friend is like saying the hypothetical
imperative if I want to live in a world
you know where I maximize my Welby
or happiness or whatever then I should
not kill my best friend like like and
then that you can say that that's
objectively true right um yeah give me a
whole on that's a lot to think about I
got to think about that to restate your
argument so I'm saying that if I if I in
order to finish this race I ought to run
100 meters and I'm saying that that's
like uh that's like a normative
statement right I'm saying that's the
normal statement yes and then I'm saying
that that's fundamentally different from
saying I ought not murder my parents but
you're saying well hold on you're saying
you ought not to murder your parents
because that comports with your
maximizing the well-being of the
universe what you're really saying is
like you want to in order to maximize
like the well-being of all of
civilization you want not to murder your
parents so actually it's the same type
of normative statement as the race one
that's essentially what you're saying
right yeah and I think I think to a
certain extent all people when they say
you ought not to do something or you're
you're using you're using the
hypothetical imperative structure yeah I
guess I say its objective I don't know
this is like I'm sure your friend is
gonna completely you know attack me or
whatever if you talk to him about this I
think this might be a certain subset of
anti-realism or relativism I think
there's like I think there's a
difference between in philosophy there's
a difference between relativism and
subjectivism okay and I'm trying to
remember what what category this falls
into because I don't think Kant was a
moral anti-realist
for example but he talked about
hypothetical imperatives where you where
you have if-then statements based on
your desires but I think like but I
would just go back to the beginning of
our conversation where I think
scientists like you have a value
statement like you have to decide to
care about well-being and suffering
right just like how you have to you have
to care about what's true or or what's
useful
it's like the difference in audience and
I don't have the background to discuss
this I feel like I just I have a feeling
of there's a meaningful difference here
but I don't think I can like debate it
well but I feel like there's a
meaningful difference between the two
types of paradigms or like in one I need
logic in order to do things in the world
versus the other where I need some moral
truth in order to make moral statements
about the world and I don't know maybe
I'm appealing to pragmatism or imperial
empiricism too much but like in the
former I can I can supplement this with
my sensory experiences of the world so
much like I can use epistemic truths and
then I can apply my observations to
those truths to generate things that I
consider to be true about the world I
can do this I can observe it in such a
powerful way that seems to reinforce
that so that I know that like these
observations are comporting with all of
my like fundamental axioms and
everything whereas in the latter world
and in the in the moral one where I like
that those moral foundations can be so
different from one person to another you
can have a transhumanist you can have a
religious person a Christian you're
gonna have an atheist you can have a
Conchie and you know moral realist like
all of these people but can't you you
can you said you can objectively verify
in the real world but real world but
can't you objectively verify the the
importance or your your values when it
comes to suffering and well-being like
you can like experience suffering
firsthand like you can experience it
yourself and then and and that's like
salient that's that's verifiable like
you can put your hand on a hot stove or
whatever yeah but like that no the
promise like I don't like these are like
the San Harris examples right like hand
on a hot stove or like acid in a face we
can agree probably I think well no I
mean like in some ways we can agree that
like causing physical suffering is
generally not good but even at that like
should we um like should you exercise
like that's that represents like a
physical suffering typically like
exercising is generally not pleasurable
but it like it produces a greater effect
on the body at the end okay like this is
this is actually really good actually
because it's the same thing when we when
it comes to Health Sciences right we
have this concept of we
like good health is kind of like the
same kind of concept as well-being or
mental well-being yeah and and same with
psychology right although even at that
we've had trouble we've had trouble with
that lately where like people are now
looking at health a little bit
differently so for instance we used to
be obsessed with longevity but now we
don't care so much as how long does a
person live we care how long does a
person of a healthy life right like
living to 90 doesn't matter the last 30
years ago yeah are miserable yeah yeah
and we're making and we're making value
statements and and value judgments there
and and I don't see a problem with that
and we don't and we don't say that
health science is all relativistic or no
unobjective correct although these are
things that are still just like
maximizing the well-being that we're
talking about is literally like a
physical thing but when you get to like
more like immaterial things like is
premarital sex wrong is murdering
somebody wrong I feel like it's a much
harder to establish I think it breaks
down to physical things though somebody
has like a physical consequences like in
society or to the individual like same
with potentially when you when you're
talking up remodel sex you have to care
about that too I mean like well but
that's not generally people that take a
dance a logical approach don't care
about that though right like these
things are wrong but we'll cut right
well who decided before like would argue
that these things are wrong in and of
themselves that like categorical
imperatives exist and these are right or
wrong independent of like their
consequences in the real world right
okay okay well it's very hard for me as
somebody who does not study Kant to her
just say what he thinks but okay well
then we can [ __ ] ignore him [ __ ] that
guy than this but there's a difference
between what he calls a hypothetical
imperative the if-then statement and the
categorical categorical imperative which
is just goods in of themselves but but
he's he's argued that they would he
reasoned his way to get to those
statements so he had to use like some
you know some sort form of
rationalization to you know to get to
those statements in the same way that
you have to use you can like for
synthetically rationalize mathematical
truths or you know mathematical state
to derive true statements from math he
thinks that he thought that you could do
the same thing when it comes to his
categorical imperative
but the if-then statements the
hypothetical imperatives are not the
same thing it's just like once you
decide on a goal then you say if I want
to quench my thirst then I ought to
drink this water like us that's
different okay
listen can we need to save a fragment of
X okay you can say [ __ ] meta ethics but
what like I don't know why you want to
hold on to this moral relativism or this
listen man how long ago did can't write
his [ __ ] was just like in the 1800s
75 words there's like the seventeen
hundreds of people like listen here's
the fact okay I'm gonna grab some facts
on you okay
humans can answer these questions
morality is immaterial there are no good
answers here [ __ ] all this [ __ ]
alright there's your there's your hard
ultimate skeptical truths like I [ __ ]
this [ __ ] I I think like if you're but
if you take that attitude you're doing
the same it seems like you're doing to
to morality and ethics what you don't do
to epistemology or philosophy or science
or so I guess it's maybe maybe this is
maybe my normative framework is
informing my med ethical framework which
is may be wrong but I mean like as like
I guess like it's kind of like a
consequentialist like I just I see so
many bad things that come from like more
realist frameworks that it makes me want
to avoid them a lot and like if you've
assumed certain he said bad things
though you already said bad things like
you already pre suppose the moral
realism framework once you say that like
you already said like what yeah it's
relevant that things are bad yeah let me
let me rephrase that I guess okay and
you can argue that this is a value
statement but it's different okay if
when we talk about like epistemic truths
or we talk about like scientific
frameworks many different people all
across the world all across human
history can come together and agree that
these frameworks will consistently point
us in one direction or or will converge
hopefully on some sort of truths about
the world moral statements we still
believe in things that are thousands of
years 2,000 years old
we've gotten biblical statements that
haven't been updated or changed at all
and these point in radically different
directions with no sense of converging
on anything like so I agree that there's
any moral progress because if you if
that were true then there'd be no moral
progress there'd be oh yeah let's get
our post-modernism yeah [ __ ] that I
don't think there I don't know if I
necessarily agree that there is more
progress I don't think so because I
believe in moral progress I would have
to be a moral realist so no [ __ ] that oh
my god so you are you are like Jordan
Peterson postmodernist is not a post
mount he's a [ __ ] trad Khan there's
no way I ironically I think Jordan
Peterson is a post modernist because he
doesn't believe in in like scientific
realism or or things are true and so
outside of whether or not they're useful
like he thinks it's just all pragmatism
maybe IV I've actually heard him say
things like that before sometimes I
Peterson is like so confused that I
don't know what he actually like believe
yeah he's like no concrete beliefs at
all yeah I disagreed that what he said
like I'm sure like I'm sure that like
there are a lot of conclusions I share
with a lot of other people that I would
consider to be using like really dumb
thought processes right like I don't
really care about Jonah Peterson's
conclusions if like his process to get
there is like a [ __ ] absurd right no
but that's that's the starting point
though of your attitudes towards your
attitudes when it comes to where you
form your values sure but like on what
metric sure this is a good restoration
and what metric would you even define
like moral progress through history this
sounds like such an insane well I think
I like I said I think people just if you
boil down to it people ultimately just
care about well-being and suffering sure
and so that was an immoral do you
measure well-being and suffering in
society then yeah I would say that we
have made okay so here's a question you
could say you can here's a question do
you believe that like an ant colony can
make moral progress it would depend if
there's well-being or suffering involved
with ants well I mean like I mean we
could be that probably say that like
ants that are like healthier and like
give the Queen giving birth to
or [ __ ] and getting larger like as it
seems to be the goal of like an ant
colony so we'd like Annika
oh go ahead yeah but you're but the you
have to you have to assume that the ants
have you have to ascribe values already
right like how close is an ant to a a
blade of grass or whatever is it just
like a biological machine or their
experiences and desires and caught you
know I don't know to you they are maybe
but like okay all of society let's let's
[ __ ] let's [ __ ] the ants okay you just
said that there's more progress I should
have got you on this one you said that
there's definitely been oh you don't
agree there's been more progress okay
say what you're about to say it do you
think there's been moral progress
because I think if you say there's been
moral progress I think that makes you
the ultimate moral relativist in a way
because you're basically saying that
like well because you exist now our
morals are the best I've ever been just
because of the time period you're in now
like whereas like other types of people
with different moral systems like
conservatives in the u.s. to say well
we're not making moral progress roe
versus wade represents regression gay
marriage represents regression the
amount of premarital sex and drug
culture today represents a regression
let's people say we haven't made moral
progress okay let's go back to your
train stop analogy go III would say that
everybody all humans like even
conservatives who talk about sin and
Jesse Lee Peterson if you if you follow
their train all the way back to the
first stop it ultimately stopped its
altum Utley starts at well-being and
suffering and I mean even I would agree
with that sure yeah and once you grant
that well-being and suffering it doesn't
make any sense to talk about ethics or
morals outside of the framework of
well-being and suffering then yes you
can you know theoretically you could you
could say that we've made moral progress
even if there's like well but then we
come back to our very fundamental thing
where what do you define as well-being
or suffering because some conservatives
would say gay marriage represents
suffering the even the two men or women
getting married to each other are
suffering they just don't know it it
doesn't make sense to it has a trend it
has some map on to some sort of mental
state or no it doesn't that's a value
statement
why does it have to map on to like some
sort of conscious experience like why
can't we get this from the immaterial
from things like the Ten Commandments
like when we have our immaterial
information because because a rock can't
suffer right like that's like in a rock
can't yeah but like people could suffer
like in a spiritual way without being
aware of it like I would I would argue
that every religious person has to be
some some kind of duelist right I I
don't think it makes any sense for the
like to have spiritual suffering you
don't think religious people believe in
that I don't I I I don't think they have
very good arguments for or they haven't
made a coherent definition of what it
means to spiritually suffer outside of
like your own consciousness like it that
doesn't seem to make any sense well this
is like yes I'm barring again a turn
from chat right so this is kind of like
a this gets into a discussion a little
bit on metaphysics where the idea that
like things that are like not physically
in your body can be suffering so things
like your spirit or your soul the fact
that you can suffer past death but isn't
that a conscious experience that in
itself experience yes if there's if
there's no experience of like suffering
is an experience right
well like wait the conscious experience
of a soul like an angel or a devil or
like somebody going to heaven or hell
yeah you you would you have this the
Duelist would have to believe or how a
dual this but like a religious person
that leading a soul would have to
believe that there's some sort of
consciousness outside of the physical
world but nevertheless you still care
about conscious experience of suffering
and well-being I guess but I think that
right well I don't know if they would
because they would argue that there's
something separate from your cut I guess
we're gonna click weird like how do we
define things like is your soul part of
your consciousness I'm not sure if
people would say that or not what do you
mean like but then what do you mean when
you say the word consciousness I don't
[ __ ] know as a religious person play
but like religion religious person
fundamentally believe that there's a
different like frizz is like people to
believe in reincarnation believe that
souls transcend conscious experience
right I just think that religious people
are
confused like they don't because you
disagree with their meta ethics and
their metaphysics just like your can how
I think you're confused but like
actually you'll oh my god this is
actually the perfect example because if
we go back to that train state maybe we
were wrong and actually I might have
been wrong in the train station thing
your argument initially was that we
agree with well-being or suffering in
order to get the train out of the
station right however this kind of like
epistemic polarity occurs with religious
people because they'll say to an atheist
how can you be moral at all without
being religious it's impossible for them
for their train to even get out of the
station they need to have like a a an
immaterial figure like a God that grants
the ability to make moral statements
their train can't leave the statement
without without some sort of God so it
seems like we're we have we're literally
having like foundational disagreements
on where morality with isn't it well I
think that their position is not
defensible because if you if you argue
with them like kind of like in a
dialectical manner eventually you'll
it'll boil down to well-being and
suffering because you can you can set up
the argument you know like God like what
if God decided that the maximum
suffering for everybody would be good
would that with that basically define I
mean what's good and then they have a
useless moral system at that point well
but then they would but I mean like it
seems like it seems like these arguments
are I'm not saying this like in a mean
way but it seems like these arguments
are just attempting to play word games
right like if God defined bad is good
well then bad would be good and those
would be our new definitions I don't
think that you win that like by way of
like the fact that you said that meant
that you acknowledge that that the
maximum suffering for everybody is bad
well yeah but but the maximum suffering
for everybody wouldn't be what God would
want because God is good that then then
you're kind of like it's it's a God is
superfluous at that point because that
one God because no because no because
now you're you're you're you're
ascribing a moral system that's outside
of God right if God is what defines a
moral system then then you can't just
say that God is good you either have to
bite the bullet and say if the maximum
suffering is maximum suffering for every
is what God wants or what he this finds
is good then then that then that is
what's good well yeah but they would say
when they just answer that God would
never do that well but then if they said
God would never do that and that means
God has moral values above that's not
definable by himself right well God
wouldn't you say there's an oral system
above God if you have to presuppose that
God has to you know decide what's good
that's independent of what he chooses
good or bad oh yeah I guess like God God
would make decisions and God would
decide like what is good because God is
the source of all things if God were
decide to decide that bad is good then
bad would become good but I don't see
how the D value is what God has decided
if you're religious the fact that okay
can you say that again you're basically
saying like well what if hypothetically
there was a malevolent God then a
religion per se oh well then I guess God
would be malevolent but he's not well
they would have to they would have to
say that but I don't think they would
well I was religious for a long time I I
could say that well well you would say
that you'd be fine like God would be
malevolent because right so I went to
Catholic school for 12 years oh I can
only give like the Catholic perspective
but yeah I mean I mean I would say like
well if God was evil then I guess God to
be evil but he's not God is good but
then how do you how do you define good
like good is whatever God commands all
right good is by the way God okay if God
is it's it's that old who is it
the Voltaire argument right like if like
the problem of evil right huh if if God
it's something like if God is
all-powerful and could stop all evil but
chooses not to he's an [ __ ] if he
allows evil to happen a dozen or so he's
evil or whatever he's either not
all-powerful or he's not like benevolent
because he could stop the evil but he
chooses not to so he's either a dick or
he's lazy so he's not all-powerful or
something right it's something like that
I think okay okay nevermind that's not
that's not what I'm trying to make
there's there's an arc there's another
argument we're either either good is
defined by God or God decides what is
good yeah umm there's a name for this I
don't remember what it is but basically
the idea is like is something good
because God commands it or does God just
know what is good and there
or he commands it does goodness exist
above God or does God command goodness
or something like that right yeah yeah I
think this is like somebody said divine
command theory maybe wait the you'd for
you to throw dilemma there's a name for
this but I don't know if this is is
actually important like the thing would
be like if God commands it then it's
good and I think most Christians would
say yeah if God commands it then it's
good and then you could say well what if
he commanded things that weren't good
you said well I guess that would be the
new good but like he does well well now
you have a moral theory that is
basically absurd right like if if God if
God if it's only good just because God
commands it then your moral theory could
is just at the whim of God so it could
it could result in the in the maximum
suffering for every well it could but I
mean it doesn't but I mean humans that
believe in God would say like well I
mean all of human existence is at the
whim of God that God could blink his eye
and wipe all humans out so of course if
human existence is at the whim of God
but of course human morality would be at
the whim of God then what's good or bad
is meaningless right because it's just
whatever God yeah but that's not
meaningless like the command of God is
is the most important meeting because
God is literally the source of
everything in the universe why would
that make it meaningless
yeah well it's I guess you could make
there's the the first argument would be
how we define good or bad kind of just
breaks down to God's command and then
the second is you have to you don't
really have access to God's commands or
thoughts what we do we have access to
God's demand to God's thoughts because
we've had we have divinely inspired
Scripture right so the writings in the
Bible were human authors that were
divinely inspired by God to transcribe
his thoughts where we're leaving the
train station and having arguments
outside yeah sure I know but you know
how where this ends eventually you
eventually get to a position where it's
not logically defensible because you
can't really have access to that oh of
course but that's why religious people
are duelists so they believe that you
have the material in the a material and
as soon as you've embraced in my opinion
as soon as you've embraced any form of
dualism where we can throw a lot of
logic almost like out the window because
if duelists believe in the immaterial
and I can't access the immaterial then I
can't win any argument against you
because now you can basically make
whatever [ __ ] up you want and that's
but but I would argue the same for more
realism that once you begin to say that
like but like listen why can't we just
agree listen this is the best way to do
it okay
make some basic moral axioms that they
people disagree them [ __ ] kill them
or ship lost somewhere and then we can
all just say [ __ ] meta ethics and then
work on our normative theories and then
are applied to positions I think that's
the best way to tonight okay okay the
here's my issue I just think that how
you treat science yeah and and
epistemology like like why can't just
treat moral and morals and ethics the
same way like because they're not
because like living investigation okay
okay just use the same language like
because we can because it's totally
different investigation that's why a
duelist cannot can argue in the same way
that you're arguing it's just all
relative it's just I think that I can
use no but it's not because if I punch
you in the face that's always going to
hurt if I drop a weight on your foot
that's always going to hurt like I can
appeal to things like sense data right
and I and I can make these scientific
investigations and I can produce like
measurable things that like all of us
from our sense data will probably agree
on but when it comes to morality damn do
different cultures can have radically
different opinions about that [ __ ] I
don't know how the [ __ ] I can convince
like if I were to get like some random
[ __ ] tribesman from an island that's
never seen anything before I can like
show him enough things to convince him
that an airplane will fly but I don't
know if I could show them enough to
convince them like God is real or
convince them that like you know [ __ ]
animals is wrong or something like I
don't know how I would even possibly cuz
I can't show that I can't show right or
wrong anywhere that's never ever been
demonstrated and never will because
these are immaterial concepts that I
would say don't exist when I'm an auntie
realist well like I said you just show
him that his value the underlying axiom
of his values rely on well-being and
suffering yeah but again I feel like
well-being and suffering doesn't mean
anything like our God I think all
religious people feel the same way too
like I don't think that they would would
accept a God if if the God's definition
of what's good is maximum suffering for
everybody okay and and yeah like it what
were you about to say about the
well being um I don't remember okay
listen I have to leave pretty soon good
look at stuff I've got to do today I
will give you the final word hit us up
with your final things that you want to
leave us with I'm gonna I'm gonna point
anybody in anything go for it
I don't I don't want to point anyone
anything I is it true that you're
debating stefan molyneux I don't know I
hope so but I doubt it but we'll see it
rains as it could happen I think you
have to do it man he's like I think he's
like the worst person like I'm Canadian
and I just think that a lot of it it's
very strange that a lot of the worst
youtubers are all Canadian yeah Lauren
southern Jordan Peterson jf like yeah
and it and I don't know why that is and
and Molyneux - like I I don't know I
guess if you are gonna debate him I'm
you know good luck and I hope that you
find a way to expose him for the fraud
that he is like he can't even make the
most basic syllogistic arguments he
fails at step one when it comes to like
logical arguments and I think it's like
embarrassing and I'm just really
surprised that he has like close to a
million followers I don't know if I
don't know what that is I don't know if
you saw my stream we're doing this but
he released a book called the art of the
argument and I liked it and I went
through the first few pages and I think
I'm like page 2 he was like let's talk
about the different types out here
arguments I think he said the difference
there was like one can be valid and one
can be logical it was like the dumbest
thing I've ever seen in my entire life
yeah like a high school student like oh
my god like why like and this I can't
believe this he has a million followers
and he calls himself like the savior of
Western philosophy - it's like really
embarrassing or people called the
philosophy of the right and I'm just
like it's so it's so ironic and yet
appropriate that he is the philosophy of
the right like he's the philosopher of
the right yeah he was trying to make the
valid verses sound distinction but he
failed miserably and though in his
descriptions were hilarious least he was
like this argument works because it's
logical it was literally something like
that it was a real [ __ ] dumb
like okay yeah so anyway I yeah I I
think I just want to say I think that
you're doing a really great job and you
have a lot of moral responsibility
I think it's objectively true and that
you should problem and yeah good luck
and I hope you prepare very well for
that moment new debate because I think I
think he's horrible yeah that happens
and for some reason your channel is like
a very interesting intersection between
left wing and right wing politics and
that's why I think it's like that's
probably why you're so popular and I
think that's a good thing cool all right
well hey thanks buddy I'm good thanks
for having me man I appreciate it too
all right good luck see you later see ya
[Music]
