no [ __ ] I think Owen Benjamin says the
n-word a lot just to be provocative but
but wait so you know I would say
somebody like Owen Benjamin is not a
racist I literally know nothing about
Owen Benjamin okay literally said that
if he had to choose a doctor he would
never go with a black doctor over a
white doctor because he would be too
scared the black doctor would kill him
actually I understand that completely do
you think that's a racist sentiment 100%
no I think that is a sentiment and
listen I worked for a black doctor and
he was an awesome guy we don't called
North America is not a country dawg no
what are you doing no dude I'm not
talking to you milena go back to your
stream talking to my fans on my stream
because that's what we do on my stream
sometimes people love me but when I
scream if you want to get more viewers
yeah yeah people love it when people
scream yeah not no not that loud no no
what the [ __ ] no bro don't post cringe
or lose subscriber stop stop stop stop
stop you're gonna get me thrown out of
my [ __ ] apartment dude people gonna
think were getting [ __ ] raped oh yeah
a casting couch trihex addition casting
couch Triax addition your question is
destiny in my in my in my intent anal or
am I willing to do that so I am straight
destiny but you know I I think I did see
here your call back offer here
that you're willing to pay more for for
a homo scene you know all about my
maximizing my time and everything else
so the money the money's right I'm down
for it the butterfly effect stupid
clouds coming back to take to get back
our game or words guys I don't actually
know this is I probably should I
probably play this before that's it we
got it boys
now we're jazz anyway destiny
I still hate them to this day that guys
are [ __ ] he's a [ __ ] I will never
forget that one time he walked off my
show what a dick
god I already put on a drug binge
recently tried to acid on stream the
first time ever wait how does Moon Moon
knows so much about my life wait what
what the [ __ ] that one of them just
kidding [ __ ] dumpster dude calm
stirred and dumpster holy [ __ ] Addis
where the power in society in order to
do so could just come in at the
beginning and give us the right answer
right away I'm so [ __ ] [ __ ] thing
to say like I'm sorry but like if you
can't copy and [ __ ] I'm saying okay I
have to ask you this is the most
important question when I ask you all
day I'm not gonna argue with it I just
want to hear what you think the answer
is and then your rationale for it okay
yeah have you ever I don't know what
your background is with video games but
have you ever heard of a game called
portal I have heard of portal yes okay
we have spent an inordinate amount of
time discussing a very stupid picture so
in portal something goes in one portal
and comes out the other end right
how it essentially yeah right okay yeah
are the most highly qualified physicists
we've ever asked this question I've
linked to a picture in the Skype call
here it is even given that portal orange
comes down at some given speed and then
stops and encompasses the little box on
the platform will A or B result from
this and why I'm so curious do you want
to guess which I tell I know the right
answer you know there's a right answer
is the right answer there is yeah
absolutely
okay yeah tell us go it's B why is that
because really the portholes of wormhole
this is something that we have in in the
theoretical physicists toolbox we don't
have them in the real world don't get
too excited but we can talk about what
is going on and the way to answer it is
this imagine that just to the other side
of the orange portal right there's
someone is standing there right from
their point of view there's stationary
with respect to the orange porthole
right of course and they see the little
box rushing toward them when they look
through the portal so when that box
crosses the threshold from one side to
the other it doesn't stop rushing toward
them it continues to rush toward them so
they would see it on their side rushing
toward their face that's a perfect
answer I 100% agree we have spent so
much time arguing about this but okay
it's a really dumb question but
oh wow that's good all right des Beaux
who you want to keep not kick keep not
kick don't [ __ ] ask me to be on if
this is the [ __ ] that you're gonna
polarize like seriously
no put Dustin E in the chat [ __ ] have
destiny on in the pole I was joking he's
not in the pole I know he's on the
[ __ ] pole [ __ ] I'm saying that
it's pissing me off because you're
devaluing my perspective which is
ongoing which is knocking - right now
that had nothing I was putting it I was
just saying cuz destiny came into the
show late the disk or [ __ ] disk you
like Subway Steve yeah I think it's fine
Subway's like a good litmus test to find
out if people have [ __ ] takes on food or
not anybody gets like super [ __ ] ass
pain about Subway then you can tell that
they have like reactionary take some
food it's Subway's literally just
sandwiches if you have money I'll see if
there's nothing wrong with putting some
weights whatever dude if you have like a
super strong opinion about Subway one
way or another I don't know I'm hesitant
to believe you own anything else you see
Europeans are not [ __ ] like a
marathon more like Europeans don't have
the money to heat their houses like like
[Music]
cooks heaps pizza in oven this guy lmao
you know you know that's all cooking is
right
it's just keep the stuff up you do know
that right like cooking the act of
cooking something generally just means
you're applying heat my dude
go ahead [ __ ] live girl score I think
I said that
hi everyone I've just woken up nose in
order hey I've got on live stream vowels
in the Internet and I just want to make
this video and say that this isn't me
it's not who I am and there's so many
hey comment and I really just wanna wake
up sane just get this out there and just
say I'm so so not [ __ ] sorry you bunch
of [ __ ] wankers on life you felt I
hate your [ __ ] clothes girl what a
[ __ ] surprise but what cuz I untied
[ __ ] centralize I picture him in you
[ __ ] wankers I can take any picture I
want brother we're a [ __ ] youfuck you
outgrow school bro what a [ __ ] guys
who were [ __ ] you don't try not show
me you feel me brother I swear my
[ __ ] life but I see boys I'll scream
later bunch of [ __ ] white dude I
don't know what the [ __ ] you're doing
not gonna lie guys I'm not really
feeling the Sun over the look that did
not hit me
can somebody clip that that did not hit
any I will get every single person I
might share $1,000 right now okay did
you buy here one of these local shops oh
you brought the marijuana from Colorado
yeah okay okay sit tight
oh well if it's not an FBI they
shouldn't give a [ __ ] right but FBI can
bust you for drug trafficking right if
you buy marijuana from one state to
bring it to another isn't that
technically like a federal offense also
why the [ __ ] are you telling this
[ __ ] do you have [ __ ] in the car
[ __ ] this guy so uh here in California
we do things a little different okay
just present whatever you have in the
car show it to me if it's not an absurd
amount like I said you'll be free to go
okay okay so let me just see what
marijuana you have Nicole oh yeah this
is clearly fake the guy at the black
dudes hands go down pretty low here and
this guy has an assassinated him yet so
it's probably no real you go okay so let
me just see what marijuana you have to
go okay can you open up the background
research
okay okay I'm gonna need you right now
go ahead and throw that out the window
go out the window sir trust me this is a
lot easier this way okay okay and I want
you to sign right here with the X's not
getting a speeding ticket today but you
are getting a ticket this is a glittery
yes permit are you sir what the [ __ ]
littering that weed was trashed
[Laughter]
destiny was whoa don't do it I will
he's just throw experiments at UT is
that actually Greek can you stop trying
to do this don't I'll tell you to stop
all right I'm gonna bet guys all of you
it's not from rib Rihanna cappuccino
Papagena Papageno mom she didn't show
cappuccino
[Music]
[Laughter]
