the two of you are now standing
face-to-face dropping your hands do they
go for the weapons yes yeah I draw my
Hubbard yeah easily
well what what he's saying is that from
now on we give all of our goal to Midori
and then whiny yeah we yeah we actually
I don't know if I agree with that I so
on my pay I don't want like just this
communist [ __ ] on the Russian what we're
just worried about is you you know
throwing your money at trivial things
how about this
you know what let's go drop off the
hands will allow Midori to hold on to
the purse for this for now
and then we can have a friendly duel
let's have a duel right now
I'm den and I look him in the eyes and I
remember all the evil things that he
said about my family bringing my mother
out tomb actually communicating with my
god
it's my family's will I spin my halberd
place the tip of my spear against his
body and I'd tell him Midori is going to
carry the [ __ ] coins
do you agree no I would rather leave the
party than give my wares to Midori like
he's not gonna stick around for this is
that that's Jill I'm leaving yes yes I'm
not gonna stick around yes he would
leave you can't just let me know I've
gone head says we have another hour in
20 minutes he said no and it's this dump
that like sticks out just a little bit
too far
