I'm not too sure if this person is alive
or not okay they should be oh my god
no wait Dairy Queen oh no I think I see
the chains down though oh my god no oh
no oh ho
I know it's closed I know it's closed
god damn it god [ __ ] damn it got it
[ __ ] this [ __ ] a state [ __ ] this
goddamn world we'll be back at a 50 mm
oh no oh wait oh my god wait 50 minutes
from when you suppose have the clunky oh
nevermind oh my god oh my god okay we
can wait oh my god we can't wait holy
[ __ ]
oh my god I'm so happy Oh God was so
happy plus here there's any other ice
cream in the meantime movie theater now
playing Vice [ __ ] movie you can watch it
if you want a signal trick but with me
about how bad it was and then uhm
spider-verse that movie hell yeah watch
that one are we gonna say what Jerry my
good with there you lose a thousand
viewers cutting my stream on for five
minutes
are you [ __ ] you disloyal
[ __ ] this is how Denzel felt at
the end of training day I'll remember
I'll remember that guys did Vice look
like Oscar me I don't know it was [ __ ]
[ __ ] no one is getting awards for that
[ __ ] talkin boss this place is okay do
you think these are free like samples
like a simple cookie that's on Ben &
Jerry's honest to god I don't know why I
just don't like manager
it might be that when I worked at the
casino we got big shipments of Ben &
Jerry's every week and I ate so much
that [ __ ] in the office maybe I got a
sick of it I need some goddamn
soft-serve that's what I need
[Music]
that kid licking his icecream looking at
me
what beat his ass we shall go see
Aquaman if you want I'll bring in my
pocket
what does this they talk differently to
strangers it's kind of a weird yeah
normally I walk up to stranger like yo
what up you [ __ ] dumb as a [ __ ]
[ __ ]
why don't you go ahead and inbred some
ice cream in for me give it a that give
it the big epic mean serving that's
normally what I do but I guess for him I
just like that oh no I looked at that
lady right as she unlocked the Dairy
Queen door and she knows I'm one of
those customers that's stalking like the
break waiting for it to open again oh my
god wake sheer oversight yeah get in
there
yeah get in there oh yeah I'm coming you
know I'm coming back around
hell yeah yeah let's check on our
sleeping threatening to see if she's
okay am i bad every time I say like the
older like Eastern European women with
the canes and the head things I always
think of the bad guy from drag me to
hell
feel like that's racist but I'm not too
sure about this one if she's okay or no
but
I think she'll be okay oh there we go
there we go okay I'm putting in my
pocket I'll be back
wait what do we want them oh my god do I
want to blow a tornado cone I think I
just want to cone guys just something
simple simple and good hey what's up I
just get like like one of the chocolate
covered or like one of the different
elements
battery's changed while you wait Paul oh
man somebody's like a real ugly
would you on ironically where this
transformer in your home or then it's
what the [ __ ] I shall go to my ice cream
god dammit this is a medium American you
[ __ ] me again oh my god I get in
trouble we shouldn't ask around easy
dammit look at his [ __ ] what the [ __ ]
already did
don't look at my beard don't look at my
fish there
oh no collected Godfather just sitting
in my throat eating my enormous ice
cream
in high school every time I see a mouse
[ __ ] in the board can talk
about the dummy ship and sound annoying
this [ __ ] they look annoying
we literally only came here and got ice
cream I came to them all and I gained
calories guys not good this has been one
of the worst deals one of the worst
trades maybe in the history of all
trades are you going to haagen-dazs no
but I think I should have one reflection
I think I should have went to
haagen-dazs the [ __ ] are these emails
hide a long time here I decided to try
took here to retreat after watching your
review back in August had a pretty bad
experience I wanted you to know about I
didn't know how to get this warning seen
by people felt like posting a severed it
wouldn't be right so it's kind of email
you and you can decide what you wanna do
the information I ordered I accidentally
ordered six months of boxes set of one
to try it out and try can't send
immediately which I was not with the
standard no return slash refunds try to
call it is good at my bank which I lost
after two weeks of Investigation and
accepted the situation as a mistake
Tokyo tree proceeded to jerk me around
for the last three months I have not
received any boxes since the first one
by banks as I can't follow another to
scale because of this against policy
Tokyo tree is no longer responding to me
so I've accepted my fate 252 hugs for
one box of candy boom in you want to
know some [ __ ] I didn't get paid
anything for the Tokyo treat sponsorship
they said no one bought anything
I used my affiliate link in the
affiliate link tracked zero sales even
though I live screamed at the 6000
people and I put a YouTube out of it
apparently not a single person bought
there's no [ __ ] way but yeah I didn't
get paid anything but I literally bought
one wait really
yeah but I mean like to that size of an
audience I should be able to sell at
least one box the fact that it was zero
like they're going the [ __ ] takes a
sponsorship just on sales um I'll do
some of the box ones just on sales
because like it's easy content for me
kid just found out his grandma died hey
what's up
oh just instrument
right that's what I do it's my job it's
that okay
no I bet it was been sitting a little
time I mean I went through the decision
yeah sure yeah yeah okay now I know they
tried to walk by me like he wasn't
coming to talk to me too when he walked
by me initially he glanced at me twice
I'm like this guy's gonna talk to me and
then he walked about he's like like to
avoid the kid like that was the only
reason he came by actually I saw my
different record two kids it's actually
what I enjoy is that a crime officer now
don't do that [ __ ] I kind of look like a
pedophile oh that guy probably talked to
me I look ridiculous right now
oh no got my ice cream cone and all my
napkins like I'm jerking off
was a superior in Iowa State he had a
badge the fitness Kenda wants to send
you a message oh please be a cutie pie
girl do you think he made the report
recording kids excuse up I don't know
actually I kind of wonder when I planted
the camera at him he came over and he
got mad and he wanted me to stop so he
made up an excuse to talk to me but I
mean this is private property if he
doesn't want me to quit he could kick me
out he could tell me to [ __ ] off and I
can't say anything cuz it scriber
property but I don't know maybe he
doesn't know that or maybe I didn't care
that much hey stop oh my god you guys
are as far from Kitty girls as you can
possibly go
oh hello this is a kickback girl all
right good job you're the only one of
all these people that's a lot of message
me wait maybe actually I don't know how
old you are
forget I said that nevermind hi huh poor
girl
one girl message really comfy like hey
could I have the name destiny because
it's my real name and I like shirt go
ahead and send me some nudes and I'll
think about it and she's like I'm
fourteen you sick [ __ ] he's such a
disgusting
what no [ __ ] oh my god the last black
girl whose name is destiny the message
me for my name was three days ago I
showed him a sign in the background I
can't believe I ate this whole ice cream
cone I shouldn't have fun what's the
price I had one person offer me 15k for
it but that should though my name is my
name yes you know you're in LA during
war IRL screams inevitable you're going
to have to do what she callers malls and
regular pigs whoa the [ __ ] date is real
I'm going to always keep his camera when
the cops are talking you don't sound
slightly into minute like you did with
that mall cop how did I son intimidated
also I would never stop recording what
the [ __ ] [ __ ] that [ __ ] you sounded like
a real [ __ ] should I have like fought
unlike the [ __ ] you won
were you recording kids yeah so the [ __ ]
what if I was the [ __ ] you need to do
about it like that is that what I should
have said am i presentable hold on
oh [ __ ]
yeah there's a child okay
[ __ ] okay that was a close one
I'll shield you guys so many children oh
it can feel like that Nate for you
episode with asexual workers or whatever
okay this was a disaster of a trip this
might be the worst trip I've ever taken
in my whole life I came to the mall in
search of bed [ __ ] and I got an ice
cream and ate the whole [ __ ] oh my
god is that hairspray did she's so dead
oh thank god oh god way those kids over
there oh my god that lady had a [ __ ]
song and it oh my god was that one did
that just get caught holy [ __ ] wait was
I seeing things I don't have my glasses
on did you guys see that oh my god wait
did you guys actually see it it looked
like that that mom said I would [ __ ]
like a [ __ ] song on it was like out
there oh my god oh god another kid hold
on
[Music]
oh my god shares disappear did I just
delete that child wait what the [ __ ]
okay what if I have a thing okay careful
way to the thumb oh [ __ ] well I got a
look at this holy [ __ ] oh yeah
oh god oh [ __ ] with those kids oh she
was like hardcore thong enough right I
don't know if it's like an eh thing for
Lego life's I don't think about like
single moms here and they like early
thirties are super [ __ ] hot I think
he just I think as you get older I think
you're just like cuz they're like old
like you maybe do you think Oh cuz it's
like I'm no but I mean like is it like a
is it a MILF to me
I thought melt I thought it was only
enough if you were team like if you were
a team and you wanted to bang like a mom
like your friend's mom then she's a MILF
but if I'm like 30 and then I'm like
banging a chick and she's got a kid
she's not like a MILF to me is she
like is not relative to your own age or
is that like a static thing that's not
changing [ __ ] oh [ __ ] more kids I'm so
sorry guys wait we're following kids Oh
God
doesn't the fact that they have a kid no
having a kid isn't that what makes you
know it's an old thing I can't do a big
argument about this a long time ago we
get a lot of people think that just
having it makes you enough but what
people were doing I'm like these porn
sites is you'd have like a 19 year old
with like a like a one-year-old daughter
okay boy oh look like it's a MILF is
like no it's not
he's your [ __ ] team none of that
works mouth as a synonym for hot 3250 up
that is correct that's what it's
supposed to be okay well how are gonna
get cut off in the crowd just giving you
a warning
[Music]
oh it's like a parade thing oh did you
guys see it ah [ __ ] [ __ ] with the
camera what did we accomplish today it's
called Bed Bath & Beyond you think they
would sell pets right from the name they
should call it bedroom bathroom and
beyond
[Music]
