when you get down to like the specific
details of the issue there's still a
wide range of variety of different ideas
and stuff they want to implement you
know what they want to implement and all
that so no we're equivocate is no we're
equivocating really hard here the
Republicans presented a unified front
against the ACA and that's why they
defunded it there's more to it than just
that okay what more of the Republicans
proposed to it
what was their replacement for the ACA
well that's the thing there was a bunch
of different suggestions like yeah but
wait legislation I don't care about what
whoever random person or face I want to
know what did Republicans replace the
ACA well there's a bunch of different
people wanting to do a bunch of
different stuff and that's part of the
reason why I was so hard to get rid of
it is cuz okay so let's say that you're
a person who has diabetes and now you're
losing your health insurance because the
ACA is being defunded do you think that
that person cares that there's a lot of
different ideas in the Republican Party
about what to do in health care if none
of it got to the legislative stage I
mean in that specific example I don't
know what else matters besides that
though I mean everything else dividing
people and making them seem like it's us
versus them and then it becomes more
tribal you still have to engage those
people and explain to them why what
they're saying is so stupid how do I
engage people that don't even care to
engage with factual arguments though say
okay you know like I have to walk away
this but just to just to say like I mean
there's a lot of people I tried to
engage these people in fact there is no
engaging in fact with this person it's
easier to call them stupid and move on
to people that can actually be persuaded
by you for easier for you yeah easier
for me easier for everybody why would I
waste time debating somebody gives 95%
of their news from Alex Jones and The
Daily wire but this is always thoughtful
oblem this is the problem with the fence
sitting centrist is you always say like
it could be dangerous it could be
dangerous so right now no no no that's
not the real danger the real danger
isn't that you hurt too many
conservatives feelings by calling them
stupid the real danger is that right now
is possible that we've already done we
are already on an irreversible path to
extinction due to climate change but I'm
saying that the problem is I don't about
you you take someone's someone that
something says that might be a nuanced
view like I just there is not a who
wants to view on this though that's the
problem no I'm from everything that I've
heard and that I've read
in a couple years Puerto Rico is gonna
be underwater and I mean like there have
been some absurd hyperbolic pretty sure
and sometimes the medical sometimes the
medical Surgeon General or whatever like
recommend certain vaccines and they
don't work out as well so do we just
abandon like every single flu shot what
I'm saying is that's that's no I'm not
saying we should and that's why that's
where some of the nuance comes it's like
yeah well what is maybe a bunch
yeah climate change may still or does
still exist okay but the problem is half
the Republican Party doesn't even
believe it exists right now not by
saying totally dismiss you as [ __ ]
and not have a conversation why would I
waste my time talking to somebody that
thinks that climate change is like a
total hoax
just because you vote for Trump doesn't
necessarily mean you agree with every
single thing he does you know it's
better than the alternative or I agree
with enough of what this person is
saying that I think it's worth voting
for them what is it
well why does the enough of what the
person says that they're worth voting
for for a Republican are you like a
trump supporter I mean yeah I voted for
I didn't vote for him in the primary but
I voted for so woody woody what did you
vote for Trump for well I mean honestly
if you're asking me personally I'm feel
like I myself am more of a fiscally
conservative person and so what do you
have to do with the record rate cities
raising the the budget and everything I
don't think it's great but I think
what's happening with our economy is
great unemployment is great okay hold on
you just said that you were fiscally
conservative and the way that Trump
stimulated the economy was with deficit
spending these two positions are
completely contradictory you realize
that right I don't think that's great I
just said that I don't agree with what
he did the way he did just said that
you're happy that the economy is doing
well because it essentially stimulus
spending we're increasing the deficit by
reducing the amount of tax receipts
we're getting let's see but that's the
thing is that's not the only single sole
reason that our economy is doing there's
other things that come into play like
tariffs like I mean they you think
tariffs are improving the economy no but
I'm saying that they play a role in
improving the economy no not necessarily
improving or because every single
economist including his last lead
economic advisor that resigned thought
that tariffs were [ __ ] horrible for
the economy I thought he got fired
no he resigned okay so backing up what
is one positive reason why you voted for
trouble does one policy position that
you thought he would have taken not like
well I thought he was generally better
than he likes what's one thing that you
wanted from him that you thought you
couldn't get from the Democrat
economy okay so you're given you okay
it's not a bad thing but you're arguing
from your feelings do you acknowledge
that at least like you feel like he's
doing well with the economy but you
can't point to a single policy position
or empirical fact that demonstrates how
that's possible it's not a feeling it's
a fact that the economy is doing well
right but we're not arguing about
whether it could be doing better that's
incorrect we're not arguing about
whether or not the economy is doing well
the argument is whether or not Trump has
contributed to the economy doing well
give me like three or four three or four
days I'll go ahead and pull up all those
all the stats okay no no I understand
three or four days but I just want to
hear from you that you're telling me
that you've argued from a feelings
you're getting to your feelings right
now because you don't have this any any
of this information you have a feeling
no I have facts to back up that I know
you don't you I've asked me for them now
you're not giving me any like the stock
market dropped almost ten percent at the
beginning of this year was that trumps
fault
not fully I mean it's partly yes or not
not completely just like anything else
man is why where are you getting these
opinions from you're just giving your
feelings it is you're giving me feelings
you can't point to any policy position
you can't point to any possible thing
that Trump is done yours tell me your
feeling I mean I mean you're the one
that brought up the economy when I asked
what you liked about Trump this was your
topic so what other topic would you like
to explore I think a lot of the social
changes he's pushing for are pretty cool
I think that what social changes
minorities okay so again you're making
that you're making statements that are
void of any substance like a lot of the
socially like what like name is social
change that he's pushed I just think
that the whole so Trump says after
consultation with my generals and
military experts please be advised that
the United States government will not
accept or allow transgender individuals
to serve in any capacity in the US
military
this was his tweeted so who are those
people that he consulted no one [ __ ]
knows no one ever knows who Trump is
consulting with when he makes a vacuous
and [ __ ] stupid tweets like this I
don't know I don't know how to how to
defend that exactly I mean if he's
saying that he talked to the generals
all he can really I'm curious who he
talked to you nobody no one knows
because Trump never because Trump always
lies about this [ __ ] he probably talked
he probably saw something on [ __ ] Fox
News and did it so what you're saying is
just I mean do you really think that do
you really think he just like sits at
home yeah that's what he's done time and
time again yeah yeah
how many what about when he announced
the travel ban and the Department of
Homeland Security was scrambling
figuring out how the [ __ ] to put it
together he doesn't [ __ ] all the [ __ ]
time I do not see this because there are
tons of people that will show that
anything that Trump tweets the next day
can be directly corroborated with what
was shown on Fox & Friends and [ __ ] the
night before it happens all the time
you are very opinionated on some of
these things but you have no factual
backing for any of them
so for instance if I walk up to a person
under go hey what's up and like hey yo
what's up and like what do you think
about John and the guys like John that
dude is a [ __ ] he's the worst human
ever and I'm like oh [ __ ] why is that
and like well he's just done bad things
I'm like damn what kind of bad things is
John done like I mean I don't know he's
just done bad things well like what like
well I don't know I mean I can go and
find out for you like I'm not here to
have a debate about John's [ __ ]
character like I'm just telling you that
he's a bad person if you want to have a
debate about it's hard to all go find
out what John is done and then report
back you say well hold on you started
this conversation off saying that John
was a bad person a person of bad
character what do you mean you tell me
you have to go in research now things
that he's done you've already got the
conclusion the research should come
before that so when I have a
conversation about Trump and you say
things like I voted for Trump because I
like him more than Democrats because I
think he's got good policies or I think
that Trump is gonna do has done good
things for the economy these are
opinions that you already have that you
needed empirical data to arrive at
unless you dude it unless you use
feelings to get there but I see what
you're saying yeah there's definitely
room for me to provide more actual
evidence of why what I'm saying I'm not
saying there's room for you to do it I'm
saying that you've already failed as a
human being and you've reinforced every
single negative opinion that I have of
Republicans and had coming into this
conversation
I specifically Instagram message you and
I said strange every time a Republican
says what you said immediately they
proved themselves wrong in the next 30
minute conversation I was incorrect in
stating this because you proved it
correct in less than 15 minutes I think
that I've gone to the websites that I've
looked at articles from both sides of
the argument and then I've just made
this [ __ ] up and then I've just come to
these conclusions just based off of how
I feel sure so you're you're either
you're one of two things are happening
right now I don't know there's one if
you think one of two ways no no you're
either lying to me or you're lying to
yourself because you have not done
research on any of these topics you've
listened to a demagogue and you've taken
their opinion at face value that's what
you're getting your opinion from you've
listened to somebody
like Rush Limbaugh or Sean Hannity or
Alex Jones and now you're repeating me
their opinions at like you listen to a
demagogue and now you're repeating them
like a good little puppet should I mean
if you want to do like personal attacks
and stuff I understand where you're
coming from like I don't have you know
anything in front of me to sit here and
you know have a full-on discussion about
this if you want to look ever why do you
keep saying that I never wanted a
full-on discussion I just wanted one
point I'm just asking for one policy
point from from Trevor something you
like I mean I like a lot of what he's
done I don't if you want one specific
policy I think a lot of what he's done
that's great is the stuff that he hasn't
done so like the stuff that he's
prevented from happening just because of
him being the president versus you know
someone more democratic like Hillary I
sure like what's one thing that Hillary
would have done that would have been bad
well I think she would have tried to
push for more like open borders sure
so when you say push for open borders
what would lead you to think that from
the speeches I've heard her give yeah
basically open borders do you think that
Obama had open borders no I
he was known as the DePorter in chief
right okay and you know that the net
flow of Mexicans actually was negative
for the first time like in the history
since 1964 whatever why would you think
inhaler becoming in Reverse all of it
because I'm pretty sure she said that
that was a bad thing when she was giving
her speech and they were asking her
about it during one of the debates I'm
pretty yeah I'm pretty sure she didn't
she say that she wanted that to be
reversed and she thought that that was
one of the negative things of Obama's
presidency I don't remember this ever
but I mean I only watched every single
debate so maybe I just slept through it
licit it's been a fun conversation buddy
yeah man thanks a safe
[Music]
Oh
[Music]
