Ferris
what's up destiny how you doing hey
what's up guys welcome welcome good to
meet you you did you end up a beating
mouton in that game I plan it every
chess game I play
awesome screaming don't say anything bad
okay all right so weird looking what the
[ __ ] you're always weird looking - I
don't that was the easy joke [ __ ]
Ferris was gonna make the same one which
obviously [ __ ] where does your time news
in peach Jones bring Hillary down with
him Epstein is dead 2019 best year maybe
you'll finally exercise next year I got
this how's that this is my other camera
so it's gonna be real [ __ ] all right
as long as I can kind of see you and
hear you well and we're goose you dude
what the first time you've ever said
that word you have to understand part of
my brand is a Boomer and fully embraced
being a Boomer and that way when you
[ __ ] up your stream and you don't feel
like that panic right cuz you're just
doing what everyone expects right yeah
so I'm sure it it actually becomes funny
for everyone they enjoy it as opposed to
getting frustrated what you don't want
alright so now that we got everybody in
here I'm just gonna get it yells name
tag set up on my end and then we'll
we'll get going
I'm actually nervous for tonight what's
there to be nervous about buddy nothing
you guys are nice for the most part it's
a nice assumption but listen as long as
you're not trying to defend
neoliberalism you'll be fine I've got
all the new liberalism tonight okay and
we're not try to fix my weird where's
one sec ya see my my Steelers yeah Oh
God and now this was it this was a tough
offseason you know and then Big Ben's
elbow getting I mean like we even tried
to give you the game he even gives you
five turnovers yeah I know I know it's
it is what it is you know it's just it's
just so tough being dominant for this
long you know what I mean you know being
the number one franchise in the NFL it's
just it's a tough one no you said you
wanted a suede Bros TV as your attacker
it just as btv underscore yeah I got you
yeah
the Patriots those cheatin [ __ ] get out
of here there that's better we did it
get the business up behind-the-scenes
action on this news channel no I don't
think you want to I think I think we've
seen enough about signs behind the
scenes action over there just let the
man have his private time please
I'll tell you what there Bobby if you it
is part of the game you are you are the
best you are the best at I use in all
aspects of the game that's for sure
can we not do [ __ ] King the hill
impressions bit my bad all right because
he has a white t-shirt why I like it's
like it's like the people that made the
office their entire personality I mean
it was I took my office space nope
the show the office know which one the
BBC one was the good one not even close
dude only hipsters say he's nice to me
like what's that guy's like the first
two episodes and I'm like yeah I'll go
back to the u.s. yes one that's a little
dark like four times little darker you
know yeah I've gone through the u.s. one
light probably in fact I'm watching it
right now for like the fifth time I
think yeah yeah it's it's one of those
shows it's just great to like fall
asleep to you know it's like watching a
train wreck and you can't look away is
what it is it's just really when I say
train I mean like when you were a kid
and you got in trouble and you were just
you know you got the knot in your
stomach to me watching the offices like
that like you like someone's here and
getting in trouble and I know
yeah yeah yeah I like to fall asleep
yeah I got you my gosh well I uh I need
to make this this camera have a better
angle so let me just get my copy of the
US tax code and it should be it's an
abridged version obviously where did I
put it let me see what a podcast or
something with a bunch of big brains and
copy the tax code I want to think you
had yeah I think you'd have to wheel
that in I guess that's why you said dead
or credit log book instead oh yeah
Bridge gotta work huh what did you grab
hold on one second better credit law
you're seeing my stream is live so
they're seeing all the behind the scenes
busted I'm gonna go start the timer it's
gonna be like a 10-minute timer and then
we'll start I know
anticipation Louie now five-minute timer
until we started five minutes
I start my stream play read did raise
the red flag and then we're good we have
to do the Pledge of Allegiance before
this party actually know we're gonna be
seeing the USSR national anthem get
ready for it thank you
the the orchestra version is good but
the the chorus not a fan no not a true
comrade I see we're gonna be doing that
can we do the original with all the
lyrics about Stalin in it you mean the
best version of course
and we do like the third verse of the
national anthem of the United States you
want to go ahead and sing for us buddy
yeah the og version you know oh you
don't know there's four verses like I'm
not really I'm not really a singer
otherwise I would but it's it says oh
and where is that band who so vauntingly
swore that the havoc of war and battles
confusion a home in a country who should
leave us no more their blood has washed
out their foul footsteps pollution no
refuge could save the hiring and slave
from the terror of flight or the gloom
of the grave and the star-spangled
banner in triumph doth wave over the
land of the free and the home of the
brave got those slaves boys we washed
out their foul footsteps pollution got
him the fourth one all about how being
freemen is [ __ ] dope too but I hope
the topics are good for you guys I was
gonna go in more in a detail but you
know it is what it is I mean I gotta be
honest with you I don't think I've ever
prepped for one of these yeah I mean I
did open some of the links this time
welcome oh we're gonna be good
developing news with the nevermind what
the [ __ ] dude you can't do that was an
Amber Geiger you're the everything about
the breaking news that just came out
today yeah yeah conveniently I mean I
usually drive four hours for weed six
hours for weed kill a guy and then don't
grab the weed
oh it's how I roll so there's an update
on this yeah there was I didn't include
anything there's also a person the
person that filmed it I think also got
Gillard five five I was a fired be crazy
if she also got married holy [ __ ]
that'd be shameless so we got t-minus a
minute and twenty seconds so cool at the
it's I'm gonna try to get through these
five topics well I'm actually gonna
start with one that wasn't on here I
don't know if you guys saw the third
thing I know I know right
the the blizzard thing about them firing
one of the pro hearthstone players we're
gonna be talking about it we're just
talking I'm gonna I'm gonna start off
with that topic so I'm gonna try to
basically firing it is even giving them
too much credit
wow they just they just stole his money
yeah so we'll go over that first and
then we'll go through these five topics
I'm gonna try to do this in like between
two to two to three hours and then the
last twenty to thirty minutes I'm gonna
open it up to chat for for questions and
we'll go through those and at any time
if any of you need to leave just just
let me know and it's no big deal
[Laughter]
I hope my mods are ready for tonight
honestly very dapper today there are no
bowtie I'm actually [ __ ] I feel bad
because I feel advertised to my audience
I said bowtie Bastiat and here he is it
a long time back and forth yeah I'm
gonna go ahead and they got a dress we
got I got 30 seconds maybe you can run
throw one on I'm gonna address the check
don't make me don't make me a liar I'm
gonna do a short intro and I'm gonna
have you guys read it and then I'll
bring you all on you we can go through
introductions and all that good [ __ ]
alright so alright coochie sounds good
bow ties good it really gets the tucker
carlson crowd why don't you just put an
arm band on and then get all the way
oh we're not actually shooting for that
crowd okay I'm glad to hear you say that
it's a little [ __ ] bar man okay okay
all right it did work okay cool
alright guys what's up I know I didn't
mean to debate you guys my [ __ ] bad
all right but it is the 10th edition of
the Big Brain podcast tonight yeah we're
in the we're finally in double digits I
know pretty pretty [ __ ] wait muted
[ __ ] me
alright alright here we [ __ ] go guys
alright it's the 10th episode of the Big
Brain podcast we're gonna [ __ ] do a
big we're finally at double digits
tonight alright it's gonna be an extra
big brain podcast tonight we got all the
big brains in here on the roster it's a
pretty pod I'm not gonna say who we're
gonna go ahead and introduce them here
in a second but if you guys don't know I
do the show just about every other
Tuesday we get a bunch of streamers on
to talk about politics recent events and
news and [ __ ] like that and it's it's
some pretty good memes so if you guys
are ready let's go ahead and introduce
our
tonight yeah let's see what see if I can
switch scenes successfully here
what's a hog okay we did it only a
button press away you did it I know I
know
let's see alright guys so I don't know
why my camera's not on there on the
screen but we're gonna fix that right
now don't worry about it but starting
off with daddy Ferriss what's up dude
how you doing doing good man I've just
been working thanks for having me on
kind of excited to go into some of the
topics actually did some homework today
nice good [ __ ] actually there we go
backwards there Jake so if you watch
people are saying you're a little too
quiet Faris let me see if I have you
turned down or anything like that
no I don't actually two hundred percent
oh you get 120 how about that see how
you do so yeah if you want to like go
ahead and let people know what you do
with your content all about where to
find you all that good [ __ ] yeah um yeah
I've taken a little bit of a hiatus from
streaming due to family issues and
concerns of safety but hey whatever yeah
so trying to try to ease my back into it
and streaming usual do like a parenting
podcast called used to be cool tend to
cover some more stuff that leans a
little bit to the right
I guess so it's definitely hostile
territory on Twitch apparently people
don't like people on the right it's
weird but I just want to have
conversation people and be friends the
same awesome and where can people find
you my dude um daddy Ferriss I might
switch it back used to be follow
feresten but I just change it I
specifically changed it to daddy fish
just to hear destiny call me daddy is
that a kink thing a little bit destiny
how you doing I'm doing great Hayden I'm
doing all right man I'm doing I'm doing
pretty good pretty pretty stoked so I
think most people here know you but if
you want to go ahead and let people know
what you do where to find you and
that good [ __ ] go ahead i'm destinee
semi-professional apex legends player
you might have seen me a performer
loyalist which rivals and I do politics
and philosophy sometimes and I play
video games sometimes awesome good [ __ ]
bass da also destiny thanks for coming
on tonight it was great yeah definitely
best yay go ahead and shout yourself out
let people know you know which are all
about where to find you right now my man
I'm a good honest hard-working corporate
attorney in fossil fuels and we run a
fun channel where we talk about politics
law economics and the occasional
conspiracy theories so [ __ ] ends in
time what do you booing man
lightning heat in the world glory of
fossil fuels and bootlicker nylon key
right did you see uh not to interrupt
the the introduction but did you see
that Bernie Sanders is interested in
filing criminal charges against
executives in the fossil fuel industry
who doesn't worry can't wait yeah not
happen we'll test it and uh what would
even up to lately pass a as far as your
ear content and [ __ ] what even up to oh
well we we've had a few callings where
where the subject of conspiracy theories
is really taken over normally we talk
about law and politics but we had a
fella come on and tell us that nuclear
weapons are a fake government conspiracy
designed to control the public so it's
kind of a fun aside but yeah we do it
all and we have a lot of fun doing it so
alright people are saying everyone's
quiet holy [ __ ] alright I'll turn up
everybody guys what the [ __ ]
give the next person while you do that
who's next
yeah definitely thought it would be you
actually so if you want to take the
floor let people know what you've been
up to
where you at which what you do and I am
sensual underscore committee also known
as Mike frumpy a freshly partnered here
on Twitch after putting in the grind of
45 days it was tough congratulations but
we comrade and thanks brother and we are
now that Hassan has become a full-time
more
dating show reaction streamer I believe
I am I believe I am the biggest leftist
streamer on Twitch which is not saying
much but we've got a pretty pretty cozy
community it's going pretty well we try
to talk about issues more relevant to
politics today from a leftist
perspective you know plenty of people
are out there talking about theory I
like to talk about praxis or reality and
bringing those thoughts into into the
real world relaxed so everybody come
check out central underscore committee
give me a follow and if you're a right
winger I I invite you to come on to come
on by we're very friendly to
right-wingers no I was like oh [ __ ] no
no you can you can all seriousness I
welcome people advancing arguments right
but if you're gonna come in there and
say Trump Magadan you're yes what
boomers yeah we're old I'm an old man -
so it's embarrassing I'm doing this but
you know what I'm having fun answering
champs POG all right cool good [ __ ] so
toaster how you been my dude I've been
great how are you man I'm doing
fantastic so yeah you want to let people
know what would even up to you lately
and where to find doing all that to be
honest since being on the last podcast
my stream has majorly converted from my
much gaming over to much more politics
than I had ever intentionally than I'd
ever intended mainly Wiest remain mainly
restream games and first-person shooters
whatnot maining escape from tarkov but
just recently I starting to network on
twitch started to see a whole lot of
people you know that you know they don't
talk politics they don't talk religion
yet when anything would happen
everyone always wanted to put their two
cents in and I said well screw it I
don't mind
you know adding this to my channel I'm
not afraid to discuss it
I am definitely right-leaning I try to
be fair but but I definitely
right-leaning so therefore not very
popular but that's okay it's not a
problem the main thing is is I'm here to
learn and I enjoy it definitely probably
the least political as far as I know
notable here in the stream but I do
appreciate the invite by the way as
always and twitchtv /your toaster TV
unfortunately your toaster is not
available so I can't good good [ __ ]
alright yes Nate what's up my dude how
you been you're on mute by the way sorry
about that
thanks for having me what's up everybody
dreamy runs to mainstream policies and
wait you're thinking so sometimes we
touched on history sometimes we touch on
politics obviously I said economics
before so it's they all could become
intertwined at a certain point so if
you're into that kind of thing if you're
into critic wrote eking sort of this
neoliberal stranglehold on economics
that has taken over the university today
you'll like our stream so yeah with that
I'm happy to be here and thanks for
having me
what do you guys been talking about on
new channel with your you and your
brother lately well most recently it was
a Federal Reserve policy and their repo
their repurchasing agreement said that
was happening at a New York Fed
basically talking about what's gonna
pre-configure the recession of the
coming up right so that sort of been in
the news lately there's some ridiculous
stuff going on in Europe like Austria is
offering a hundred year bond now
everyone here probably was a ten year to
year has inverted that spread is
inverted now so there's a lot of stuff
going on in the financial news and
obviously this will have an impact on
the election too so I was just trying to
figure out when this kind of thing will
happen and just sort of looking at
larger macro trends so yes that's
actually really interesting it's moving
right along just to speed up these
intros a little bit actual Jake the Walt
I'm the last one quick I just want to
get you out of the way Jake that's what
I'm Jake yeah corn in politics next corn
and Paula find me at actual Jake if you
want to have a good time way better than
these other losers probably I don't know
they're probably Jake Jake do you or do
you wear any costumes or anything
actually so they because I'm a humongous
[ __ ] they paid me and I do have a corn
costume and if if one of these guys rage
quits tonight over oh oh the corn
costume on I do have a constant that's
kind of the mean we're Pro corn
subsidies were anti wheat so yeah that's
how it works now but we do like politics
stuff it's a it's a pre chill if you are
remember the LGBT community we have a
really good chat for you it's uh it's a
good time and I think we do a lot of
debates and stuff I put that on the
YouTube as well I don't know just a lot
of fun I've been around yeah you have
been around that is true what's up guys
so thanks all for coming
yeah it's pretty cool what else was I
gonna say oh side note my chat called
Mike a Chad so I just wanted to put that
out there who me you're Chad now yeah
[Laughter]
that's exactly how a Chad would [ __ ]
Excel that's okay I know I know
okay oh yeah I'm really important thanks
so much for the raid all right buddy
much appreciate it all so let's go ahead
and just dive right into the topics
actually starting with one that I didn't
put on the topic list for tonight
so there's actually some some recent
events here about a pro hearthstone
player being fired and basically having
his his award money taken away I believe
by Blizzard because he on a broadcast
had basically come out and supported the
Hong Kong protest going on in China and
so not only did he get fired and all
that stuff he actually the two casters
that were doing the event when this
happened were also led off as well so I
don't know this kind of paints blizzard
in a in a bad way
given the what's going on in Hong Kong
right now I don't know did you guys look
into this or what do you guys think
about it I mean this is pretty standard
for Blizzard they're in a pretty [ __ ]
spot obviously we would like to see them
take the side of like you know Hong Kong
people and whatnot but I mean like they
don't wanna lose your Chinese market
right so it's not too surprising what
they're doing so like for me I think the
the most important thing for us to do is
not succumb to pundit brain where we
just make observations about the
economic interest of Blizzard and and
then leave it at that like basically
we're facing an existential crisis going
forward like there's two paths we have
like a Chinese dominated world where
they do things like this and it becomes
an accepted norm that if you criticize
China you could lose your prize winnings
let's let's be clear here he already won
the tournament yeah he did the thing to
get the money and the money was now
taken away and if you look at and then
people are bringing up these rules that
Blizzard imposed on participants we
didn't they didn't have the players in
one room and the company and the other
and they negotiate these these rules of
the tournament they have these absurd
rules where if you say any action
Blizzard could just decide that that
made the company look bad and take away
from your prize money in this specific
case I understand that there's pressure
on Blizzard and Blizzard once money I
understand that too I also understand
the profit
motive is important for capitalists
right that's part of the critique here
and I just want to note that a lot of
neoliberal z' 10-15 years ago said well
don't worry about that political freedom
we'll just give economic freedom and
capitalism to China and then political
freedom will naturally arise out of that
the most important thing is private
property how could you have oppression
in private property in the same system
well it's traditional legal freedom okay
buddy and we're seeing exactly what's
happening where they don't have civil
liberties in China you can't criticize
it if you look at what he actually said
it was [ __ ] milquetoast as hell he
didn't say
shoot someone he didn't call anyone to
violence he just said that support the
Hong Kong protesters it's the revolution
of our time and not only to Blizzard
target him they actually fired the
caster's who just sat there I put their
heads down
how authoritarian how Orwellian how
disgusting is that and I think it's our
responsibility as consumers in the West
to put the pain to Blizzard and teach
them hey you want the Chinese market
that'll come at the cost of the Western
market because we you know I don't know
and maybe it won't happen because
there's a coordination problem here
getting you all to agree with me but the
truth is that if we want to have actual
freedom of speech where are all you
freedom of speech warriors at this is
the time no and this is [ __ ]
disgusting no and everyone actually read
is it is it is and while I question so
many premises there it is discussing I
mean of course they have the right to do
that but but we also have the right to
say no to companies don't want to bend
toward the Chinese government so
disgusting lies that well my cold I know
that I want it I just want to ask a
question really I seen you playing some
wild classic as of recently does that
mean I'm gonna be unsubscribing yeah so
so huh don't you dare to I only do
prepaid cards month to month so there is
no [ __ ] stream of money to me going
to Blizzard I'm a cheap [ __ ] in
hearthstone I've never paid them a dime
wait Mike is nut is going to be stuck
not play
world of warcraft under that impassioned
that's exactly what I'm [ __ ] gonna
say and I'm giving up my level 59
warrior basically if you take that
sacrifice for human rights than most
people remain I know here's the point
like the I largely I do think I do take
that seriously what you're saying I know
I know what you're you're trying to
clown and me make fun of me but it's
fine
like wait it's not a clown that's a good
point if you feel so no longer support
the monetarily I think it's both I mean
its mode but here's the thing like what
should we do and what you know like if
I'm a hypocrite on this does that change
the fact that we are now facing a
situation where that could easily happen
here that could easily we have these
institutions in these laws that
currently protect us but Blizzard or
Google they're not gonna step in and
defend your freedom of speech these
these these massive corporations have
way too much power and I believe that
you know ultimately I don't know what's
gonna happen in the Hong Kong situation
I wish the protest is the best I'm not
from Hong Kong I don't know the stuff on
the ground I'm not an expert I can't
tell you who's right who's wrong I tend
to whenever I see a movement of people
rising on the streets I tend it to to
side with them wait a second wait wait
wait wait wait you just gave that huge
speech about how horrible this Chinese
stuff is but you don't have a strong
opinion on whether or not the
Hongkongers are in the writer and the
wrong I don't I just said I don't know
what what what if the [ __ ] finished
what you just talked for like 12 minutes
it's a situation you asked me like five
minutes looking interrupt I'll give it
in 10 seconds
which is basically this this is
basically a dare I support the right to
protest and anytime I see an
authoritarian government stepping on the
right to protest I don't need to know
what the protest is about to defend them
I don't have to be an expert in that to
defend the right wait so did you defend
the guy that wrote that was it James
drawer whatever who wrote that memo
about women about how women are
biologically inferior to men when Google
fired them would you step out in protest
sure yeah I couldn't be seen it as a
form of freedom of speech yeah oh the
definition of words matter my dude this
is a guy on a private company server
okay in the bliss work environment for
women okay and the guy that played a
blizzard tournament is playing a
blizzard to private property on IP owned
by them it's not a public arena that's
is it let's Blizzard IP right so he's in
a private environment winning money by
doing it because the government isn't
enforcing a speech code on Blizzard so
this is a government action that
Blizzard is forced as you rightly
pointed out no force to do anything
Blizzard could get operate in the
Chinese market they are they yeah that
this is a financial thing version it's
not coercion at all it's a financial
decision that guy was absolutely correct
as a financial decision so well hold on
I mean wait hold on hold on wait a
minute no no no way this is really
really important waiting American law is
a risk of being in prison Britain
Blizzard could just say we don't want to
be in China anymore we're out hold on
wait Mike Mike is trying to my kind of
have his cake and eat it too this is so
sneaky I can't believe you just did this
you just tried to come out and
simultaneously [ __ ] hard corn Blizzard
something I agree is buckling to China
over financial interests but you're too
scared to actually come out and admit
that maybe the Hong Kongers are right I
don't know if it's because you have a
lefty Bend so you're an TE you think the
Hong Kong is over the Chinese your
earlier statement made no sense you
can't say I don't support blizzard for
punishing this player for supporting the
Hong Kong protest and then say I have no
idea whose side it would be on what if
he was supported that is
Zach wait hold on ask other people I
want ask other people in this podcast
does anyone here else here feel like
Mike said simultaneously that he doesn't
think that blue food was ok for revoking
this guy's prize money but he also
doesn't have a stance on whether or not
the Hongkongers are on the right or
wrong am I the only one that heard that
or did I think well I think it came
across that way yeah okay so let's say
let's say that this player was instead
protesting like in favor of Nazism or
something would you still feel the exact
same that that if let's say Blizzard
wanted to have a tournament in some
country that was like pro white
nationalism and Blizzard said we'll know
we're going to take your prize money
because you supported these white
nationalists would you give the exam and
passionate speech right now or is it
because that's not an analogy why is it
dis analogous are you engaged in all
kinds of fascist activities including
the forcible imprisonment of millions of
Uighur Muslims in East Turkestan and
you're saying it's not a comparable
situation where you know this is
actually this is actually so wait maybe
wait a minute this is actually so
disgusting you actually don't give a
[ __ ] about any of these issues at all
you just saw as a chance to get a cheap
shot on capitalism I totally admit that
in this case there is a perverse
incentive here there is a financial
disgust that Blizzard is playing on
where their profit motive is leading
them to say [ __ ] the Hong Kongers but
you are so scared of actually siding
against anything that's even remotely
communist you won't take a principled
position on the actual produce
themselves you're just using this as an
example to show them Blizzard you don't
give a [ __ ] about the Hong Kongers at
the end of the day though so disgusting
destiny don't get too overexcited where
you have to say everything is discussed
I'm not overexerting you're the one that
just said this is the you're the one
that gave the huge impassioned speech
and they've got offended when people
asked we were to cancel your Wow
subscription okay and then you made a
big deal about canceling a level 59
fighter calm down Mike okay it's not
evil 60 casual but no no what I was
saying is I'm not an expert on on Hong
Kong and my impulse is decide with the
processors but I don't know that you're
allowed to say that there is no there's
no harm in admitting to the world that
you're not
put on everything I'm a white guy living
in Pennsylvania you're telling me to
giving it a huge diversion you can say
you don't have a shot you can say you
are you can say you have a strong
opinion on it but you can't give an
impassioned speech about how important
it is to defend freedom of speech and
how important if Dave Rubin was doing
this about Charlottesville you would be
screaming at him right now over it you
say oh well that's not freedom of speech
these are just Nazis that are
crypto-fascist blah blah blah but since
it's the Hongkongers right and since you
should get to shoot in another big
company doing it now you don't care with
the protesters stand for you're gonna
defend them anyway but I know you
wouldn't extend that same courtesy to
other people protesting anti-immigration
sentiment or white nationalism if
there's a Nazi up there supporting
genocide of a people versus which is not
the same thing as a a group of people
protesting for political
self-determination oh wait so now you do
know what it's about
so now you're telling me that the
Hongkongers are protesting for political
self-determination so do you take their
side or what do you know nothing about
it or do khana no I'm not now you're
telling me now it sounds like you
actually do know a little bit about it
because I found so interesting is is
Mike you instantly like destiny said
there's no reason for me to say anything
I don't even know why I'm here
cuz that's and he said everything that I
would have wanted to say but in a better
way but Mike took the majority of his
time to talk about how bad capitalism is
but yet took zero stance that's
literally okay let me finish for once
okay other than saying you said
typically when I see protesters I tend
to side with the protesters that's it
and that's that was the extent of what
you said and that is let me get a look
at PETA article on this and then I could
become an expert diversion nice one
yeah yeah we're gonna talk about this I
think that I think it's it's we're kind
of derailed because we're talking about
the [ __ ] Hong Kongers and [ __ ] which
isn't really we're talking about that's
exactly what I would try to be talking
about here which is much more
interesting which can I agree the Hong
Kong our thing is interesting to talk
about but it's it's more about the
control corporations have over someone's
speech and I think that's a more I don't
know I think that's kind of the topic
that we're we're discussing is its kind
of [ __ ] up that you can this guy won
the tournament and then they took his
[ __ ] money I think that's a bigger
deal and I think that's unethical as far
as the Hong Kongers and all that [ __ ]
it's kind of irrelevant because this
situation could be any any political
activity it doesn't have to be
specifically the Hong Connor College any
political activity at all that that guy
talked about that the company disagreed
with I think it's [ __ ] up not that he
got call it disciplined or whatever
banned from the [ __ ] platform I think
the [ __ ] up part is that he won under
the parameters of the of the [ __ ]
tournament he won the tournament and
then they because he said this [ __ ]
didn't give him his money I think that's
unethical and I think he would he should
sue so would you stand by that
irrespective of what he said it would it
would tend it would see would tend to
matter I guess but at that point I think
if you're saying it matters then I don't
because it's not like he's like hey I
think we should go Lynch all the black
people right because I think I think
there's probably something in the in the
contract he signed maybe maybe there is
something you signed with blizzard
that's like you can't speak ill of hong
kong if that's his contract east but i
find but they interpret these kinds of
statements is saying we want to split
shine on asunder right and so to them
you know until the chinese communist
party these kinds of statements are just
as just as malicious well hate speech is
totally different than having a
political opinion right and so this
isn't hate speech but i'm pretty sure
and i don't have to go back and look as
I've competed in blizzard tournaments
before okay like
you're generally when you're on these
stages you're not allowed to make like
political statements like even if you
said like I support black lives matter
is something like you probably get
disciplined by I think even riot has
these policies I would have to look into
like LCS stuff right probably has these
yeah I mean like that's a pretty
standard thing now whether or not like
they should or shouldn't or whether or
not we should hold companies feet to the
fire for you know not doing you know
political statements concern countries
like that's another thing to talk about
but like this is almost for sure against
their Terms of Service now we can talk
about whether or not that should be
changed but it was a question of is a
does this did this happen this is
actually I just heard about this like
right now so um he won the tournament
then he voiced his support like winner
interview yes he put on he put on in
goggles and a gas mask which is a kind
of a uniform of the Hong Kong protesters
and he said how important a Hong Kong
protest was and was the revolution of
our time and that's it so and then I
didn't cut the check yeah they tore up
the check they didn't give it to them
and here's the thing again the most
important thing is this is an American
company enforcing the will of the
Chinese Communist Party and I find it so
interesting that when we were discussing
what we can do to pressure a country a
company that's involved in all our lives
presumably if you're on twitch we
immediately have to shift gears to the
Nazi defense squad and start talking
about how Mike wouldn't support Nazis
going up there you're goddamn right I
wouldn't because I'm able to distinguish
between someone supporting a protest
versus somebody advocating for the
genocide of people based on their race I
mean I know what I'm comfortable with
that distinction I'm comfy and I don't
think it's a slippery slope I think it's
a very is the easy distinction to make
and I'm gonna do my best to pressure
blizzard to restore this guy now I don't
think that my voice in the end is going
to be what makes the difference but I
think that it's pretty gross of us to
come up here Mike we can talk about it
but you're one of the Pinet we're
discussing so you're saying that
American capital like these firms should
be fighting for these freedoms in some
way because you basically saying like
Blizzard's [ __ ] up we should boycott
them to put pressure on them so that
they are doing what we think is the
right thing to do like essentially we're
putting like a social obligation onto a
corporate entity which they don't even
do that that for us in this country
right no but we're making it a financial
incentive like here's an example Google
recently I think just January this year
shut down a secret program they had to
help integrate Chinese censorship into
the Google algorithm and so that is a
what and if you are not frightened by
that you should be because these you
know these are companies that are so
large they're near monopolies they
people uncritically trust what Google
search results they get this has been
studied extensively in political science
that when you search something and on
the first page of those organic quota
organic search results you tend to
believe that more than anything else
even a credentialed expert telling you
something and I think there's people on
this stream right now who recognize in
themselves in their own lives they tend
to trust those Google search results I'm
not saying I'm any better I do too
a lot of a time and we've granted these
companies a tremendous power over our
information the attention economy and
then if we're gonna allow them to and I
would I would think you right-wingers
would be with me here that there's a
Chinese authoritarian Communist Party
which I do not support is enforcing
political speech on an American gaming
company and they have the gall to
publish a blog in the English website
defending it that is if a player
afterwards got up and said like thanks
for cheering me on guys vote for Trump
2020 is this the type of speech you
would defend yes of course on a blizzard
on a on a blizzard stage the player
games I think Trump if someone says vote
Republican 2020 fine if somebody goes up
there and kneels and said vote black
lives matter
I want a culture and I want a society
where that's fine
I don't think Colin Kapernick should
have been boycotted I I mean maybe you
guys like your like the fact that
company should dictate to you what you
can and cannot say I don't want to live
in that world
they're not dictating what what you
should say I mean they're there they
have the right to just decide how
they're formed anyway okay no politics
and choosing which messages okay for
companies to this because I have a
functioning brain Basquiat I know I know
a genocide advocacy is really as
categorically bad and arguing for
protest rights it's fine now it's fine
absolutely not equivocation I said
that's a good thing people on both sides
[Laughter]
with you bootlickers is you you think we
live in a society right we live in a
society where we can where we can where
we can where we can set the rules of
what companies can and cannot prescribe
that's what laws are for we could say to
these companies
you cannot prescribe the political
speech of your independent contractors
because they don't even consider them an
employee so how can they prescribe I
mean like so wait stop this is maybe
this is actually so insanely ridiculous
so they're not trying to control the
political I'm explaining they're not
trying to control the political speech
of contractors or they're not trying to
control the political speech except
they're literally not mic what they have
is they have a blizzard cast a blizzard
stream on a blizzard stage where they're
awarding or talking about a blizzard
event with their Blizzard employees I
think they cut the the actual light
casters might be employees or condors
right and they want to determine what
can or cannot be allowed on that stream
this is way different than saying
they're trying to control the political
speech of like competitors
I'm sure if the guy would have went on
to Twitter afterwards or have done
something afterwards it would've been a
whole different story but like it's
pretty clear that like you can't do this
stuff on like another tournament stream
that you wouldn't be allowed to do you
think Colin Kaepernick should have been
able to be blacklisted from the NFL
because he kneeled would you have
supported mauled from PE class I mean in
effect he has probably [ __ ] because
was playing and the NFL get some serious
old Achilles monopoly exemptions to do
it I mean do we do we have to talk I
mean you guys are probably you two up
right wingers are probably football fans
right I know you're a San Francisco fan
you're very close to Kaepernick he was
he is not worse than every backup in the
NFL come on well I mean speaking of
sports I mean there was also the NBA I
mean 5:38 had an article on this when
they they when they looked at his pass
already look at his advanced stats he
was clearly like the 20th best
quarterback in the league when he was
shut out like can we please stop
pretending like he was some guy
yeah Kaepernick probably got blond out
of the league like I think I think this
guy if this guy would have like okay if
this guy would have worn like a hat
saying like I support the Hong Kongers
or whatever I think it'd be more in
August to the Kaepernick situation but
like this would literally be this isn't
like Kaepernick kneeling and in the
background of like whatever this would
be like in a postgame interview like
heaven exciting like you know like [ __ ]
Trump like BLM for life or some [ __ ] or
whatever like it's it's different I'm
saying this is it's a bit different like
this guy's protest was much more up
front of his employer at the same time
of protesting as well like if I was
protesting when I was working at Best
Buy I could have gotten fired from doing
that job just because I was protesting
while wearing their brand okay so you're
it's your it's your position that he was
an employee of Blizzard the as far as
the caster's yes the the casters didn't
say anything they didn't say they just
put their heads down that's the most
[ __ ] up part I think that's the
strangest part is firing the cash I I'm
not super upset because I'm kind of of
the opinion that like you have the right
to associate right and so I think it's
probably like we they can do something
and the market can say that's [ __ ] up
right
now since they're standing for the
Chinese market I think that no matter
what happens Blizzard is gonna be fine I
don't think they're gonna lose the
Western market over this but of course
right so what I'm what I'm I think the
[ __ ] up part is he won the tournament
they're not gonna give him his [ __ ]
money like
that's part of it probably is I just I
know it definitely is right but it was
like in the middle of the tournament you
know he's like it doesn't matter like I
know are they gonna give it to somebody
else or what are they just I think they
just reduced the prize money to zero
like that's a part of his contract since
it's still on their televised or
whatever event so none of you find it
utterly repugnant that the guy the his
statement was so milquetoast and they've
taken his money I don't think they can
and I would say to go further Mike I
feel like a lot of come Western
companies are ridiculously
obsequiousness in the Chinese like the
NBA for example the Chinese government
China is never gonna replicate its own
like homegrown NBA competitor right so
if they wanted to play hardball with
China you know they're not gonna kick
them out of the market but the fact that
they they've been and refused to to
stand up the Chinese government I think
is because there's a huge part of their
market because Rockets have been the
number one franchise in that and now to
trying to replace me with like the
Memphis Grizzlies because the Harden
sends like it's it's a whole [ __ ] show
and I think it speaks to I not only like
I do think that corporations and stuff
have the right to associate with whoever
they want but also it's incredibly
[ __ ] up that they have so much power
that that they other countries can
dictate the well-being of someone else
you know for speaking out against it I
think it's it's [ __ ] up but I don't
think there's anything within our system
I mean this also happens a little bit
with other games as well so like in a
lot of video games princes for a long
time think that's just recent gotta
change like you couldn't really like
explicitly refer to or have like Nazi
iconography like in a video games like
you had to change that to make your game
marketable in Germany or in certain
games I remember a long time ago like
there is a game called like Duke Nukem
where there is something called like
steroids and and you couldn't call it
steroids in another country they do
rename it like vitamin X and they're
like you can't make drug references in
certain video game yeah it's been a long
time liking a lot of different
so like China bans depictions of ghosts
and [ __ ] in film stuff so yeah I don't
know that it's I think it's [ __ ] up
because they specifically targeted one
person I think that makes it that makes
it feel worse so I think we all kind of
agree that like well Blizzard did here
was disgusting at the end of the day we
don't care like we're not gonna do
anything about it
hold on hold on guys hold on I'm trying
to like you know give you guys a
question here but like so there's been a
lot of suggestions that like what we
should do is try to like hold Blizzard
accountable by kind of affecting their
bottom dollar do you think that there's
actually any chance that that will
actually happen like do we really like I
don't know do you think enough gamers
are gonna rise up and take a stand
against Blizzard and cancel this no
because it was Chinese politics yeah was
it but was this like a push back from
China saying that Blizzard better do
something or was this like a knee-jerk
reaction from it was from placer to do
it right away kind of a jerk I don't
know there's like an official like
Chinese blizzard right say like if they
weren't gonna do anything to him and
then all sudden trying to push back and
then then Blizzard reacts because well
for the last like month maybe three
between one and three months China has
been like pulling the plug on people so
it was it was clearly financially
probably not a great idea to let that
slide yeah the Chinese government like
you know the research that I've done on
it they say that the protesters were are
akin to terrorists and that supporting
them is akin to supporting you know
al-qaeda so that is that's that is [ __ ]
that is the Chinese government position
and it's pretty outrageous and
disgusting and you would think you know
for you right-wingers Donald Trump says
he's the big man stands up to China
China giant Aegina and yet here we are
something that's blatantly authoritarian
it's an American company that's being
cocked nothing about this is authority
it's a not authoritarian know if
Blizzard wanted to take imposing this on
on do you think that way
that every single action from a
government is authoritarian is that the
definition we're working with here if
you under okay okay let's say this I
want to go wait let's see that what I
said I want to go sell let's say I wanna
go sell a product in a country and the
people in that country of course don't
like another class okay I want to sell a
product okay I want some question at a
time when you're able to answer a
question when you're able to answer a
question in less than two minutes okay
so let's say you go to a country let's
say you want to go to a country it's the
same it's the same it's in the same vein
so you can consider my question on top
of the other one okay if you want to
sell a product in a country and that
government doesn't like that idea it or
isn't comfort with you doing that is
that like authoritarian for you to say
okay it's authoritarian to undermine
civil liberties one of which is the
right to protest you know yes it is [ __ ]
you don't have a right as an American
citizen to protest on a private stage on
a private stream with a private company
Mike that's not a [ __ ] civil liberty
if anything you're violating the civil
liberties a blizzard by telling them who
they can or cannot host upon their
platform what the [ __ ] and here's what
here's what you're not understanding
it's not an organic decision by Blizzard
to say to ban this it is organic it is
imposed by China on wait so did China
China literally tell the blizzard CEO
you absolutely must do this you can't
pull out of the Chinese market you have
to do this or else I'm gonna kill you
no this is a decision that Blizzard is
making because they want access to the
Chinese market it's not a Thorat arian
it's not a violation of anybody civil
liberties its Blizzard exercising as
they see this is just this is just my no
you're making the Republican that you're
literally making the [ __ ] Republican
argument where this thing Facebook is
violating my civil rights
by not by not hosting my video no not if
their rights to choose who they want to
tell me what I don't understand if the
police just kicked down your door in
search your place yeah that is a
violation of your rights huh if they pay
someone else who's not a police officer
to kick down your door in search your
place
acting as an agent that's also a
violation of your civil rights yep this
is what's happening here the Chinese
government is imposing this on
blizzard-like this is a best self
censorship by Blizzard which again is
mandatory
to make to make fat no to make your
analogy work it would be more like if
somebody paid for another company that's
hosting like a booth that I have at
there like tent to kick me out of that
tent it would be more akin to that I pay
for rent in a place that I live that has
nothing to do with like any other
Blizzard company or whatever paying the
police come take my door down and kick
me out of here is not the same as
telling somebody how they can or cannot
run like a private business is totally
not even close to similar
it's absolutely similar because this is
how this is an effect how they affect it
it well in the real world which is they
invent you from act doing any activity
in public they prevent you your it's
your position that taking away this
guy's money and denying him a living is
not coercive of course it's coercive I
mean it's a coercive does not look well
Authority it's coercive when I go down
the street and I'm not allowed to
[ __ ] kill somebody for playing the
music too loud I'm being coerced by the
state sure it's coercive in the same way
that any Terms of Service is coercive if
you violate this is actually amazing
okay Blizzard Terms of Service tells you
that you cannot do stuff like this if
you do it you will lose your money yeah
is that coercive I guess sure but it's
like this is like when libertarians say
like oh all state whatever is violence
yeah sure but is justified violence he's
a justified coercion
I'm just thinking real fast like I was
gonna say um if number one if we
actually had the power to organize all
the gamers to rise up and like
unsubscribe from brittle Izzard like I'd
be really optimistic about America's
future if you want the best way to push
back against this if you actually wanted
to pressure Blizzard into doing
something your best channel is to
pressure the sponsors of the teams
because the teams are the ones that
would be able to negotiate with their
players against Blizzard to make it so
that their players could have free
speech like how the NFL works right that
point notwithstanding I understand like
from a tactical perspective you could
take that route I understand but there
is totally precedent for governments to
pressure companies to attack in certain
ways I'll just lead fit well of course
like if you look at HSBC's recent
history you know bank they got in
trouble for having special size windows
and mexico's for laundering drug cartel
money right this is the bank I know they
didn't know about it but ever since I
was at the you know the Patriot Act and
a you know post 9/11 legislation going
into securitizing everything in America
okay now there are rules about who you
can give money to you can't just you
can't just have you know Comcast
giving money to Isis or whatever like
that they would get in trouble for that
so you could potentially make it so that
uh you know American corporations have
to draw some kind of line when it comes
to speech it's not out of the realm of
possibility it's just not very likely so
imagine you your cell phone company I
assume you have say Verizon right they
put on your phone and algorithm that
detective anytime you criticize Trump
and if you criticize Trump they shut
down your cell service and they were
they did that because Trump mandated
that as operating within the American
market now would that be an example of
authoritarianism or that just be hey
you're operating on the private
cellphones destiny that's the way it
works it's not a sport area and that's
private that's a hundred percent
comparable I can't even sweet best
president ever without getting like five
likes anymore one of your tweets best
president ever after Trump makes it so I
don't know what the [ __ ] you're talking
about
so one of the most important parts of
authoritarianism is that you have a
central figure or a central committee
that has all the power vested in it that
can choose to like override your
personal freedom so whether or not the
government does or doesn't do something
related to my cell phone isn't
authoritarian are you do you want to
just use the word like restricts your
freedoms or something I don't know why
you keep using the word authoritarian
otherwise I use like a lovely buzzword
for things you don't like your [ __ ]
dictionary out sure okay let's all [ __ ]
it I'll look it up Wikipedia okay
authoritarianism [ __ ] up I'm talking
about strict obedience to an authority
especially that of the government at the
expense of personal freedom Thorat Aryan
regimes can be autocratic with power
concentrated in one person or can be a
committee with power certainly Faysal
like usually one of the big characters
is authoritarianism is a it's a non
democratic for instance but the
government making you do something is
not authoritarian you're making it sound
like if the government made you do
something it's not authoritarian no like
what do you what are you trying to say
like you are all laws authoritarian like
alarm clocks authoritarian
the fact that the government prevents
you from speaking out in favor of a
protest which is your personal freedom
to protest is an authoritarian Act if
you shut down the right to protest
that's an authoritarian Act do you not
have you agree or disagree with that the
problem here is that the company did it
of its own accord yes China didn't force
anything right China's police weren't
involved
no likes your original point that this
is a cowardly company censoring itself
for financial purpose how is this
different from the sargan patreon thing
Rick really because they kicked them off
the platform for saying the n-word and
I'm for that
I think Sargon's a bad actor I think it
makes sense and they don't want to
associate with them I think the only big
difference between these two things is
that this guy said a thing that I would
tend to agree with I think and also
there wasn't like political pressure
from a government it was more from like
it was more for like just just people
that use patreon right so what's the
difference because I'm assuming the
right-wingers didn't want that to happen
well I don't I don't know anything about
what you're saying there but what you're
saying it has to do with the definition
of platform and because when you're
talking about something that that's
that's set up as a platform that mean
that's the same issue that's right now
going on with YouTube with YouTube's
censorship censorship or or any of these
other platforms are youtuber hold up
wait one second is because there's
really like okay so before this happened
the Rockets right they're no longer
allowed to be streamed in China or not
gonna show Rockets games now this is the
there's a an executive in the NBA the
tweeted this out China said okay [ __ ]
the Rockets so if you're raucous Fanning
trying we're really good luck but there
was an action taken against a major
American corporate you know sports
franchises these sports teams and then
this happens today or whatever with
Blizzard so isn't there an icing or a
already call a chilling effect going on
but the China is definitely they're
putting some kind of wait maybe they're
not formally yeah definitely some kind
of like the fact that
right yeah yeah they are they are to
compare but to compare something that a
man says on another unblurred platform
not not something that he was freely
allowed to post his stuff like patreon
is something to where you post your
content you were putting up your stuff
voluntarily it's for artists and
creators and whatnot just like YouTube
resign that so you could compare them
it's it's apples and oranges it's not
even normally the same it's not always
the case I don't know if that's
necessarily the case in this like if
this pro player had made these
statements on his own private platform I
can't really guarantee that Blake
Blizzard would even let that slide
because I know Riot for instance
definitely moderates their pro players
off like Rio is way different because
Riot play riot pays the LCS players like
a salary and stuff so their conditions
are quite a bit more strict yeah we have
it a completely different argument at
that point because we would all be
saying no if he did if he was a twitch
streamer and he did it on his own twitch
stream well then screw Blizzard
absolutely screw Blizzard because unless
of course he's contracted tor they can
control what he says in which case
that's in his contract but what he's
saying on their stream on their platform
as much as I think it's absolutely
despicable of Blizzard it is what it is
it's time for the gamers to rise up yes
well there's any moment it's right now a
government thing I just wanna say like I
think I want to agree with Mike here in
principle in the qualitative aspect of
this like okay maybe we don't know
precisely what kind of speech is perfect
to protect right but from it's important
to protect people like Colin Kaepernick
or this guy who know the hearthstone
player whatever it's important protect
them because even though they are they
may even be violating the terms of
services so maybe that is obviously
that's happening okay but the whole
point of having a protest is to have a
public acknowledgement of something
that's going on and if we're not gonna
do as much as we can I think we're
actually failing our duty if there is
such a thing to try to have open
societies where people can get together
and try to push things in a better
direction right I mean isn't this isn't
actually worth trying to protect
Kaepernick you don't agree with what
he's protesting like you in this guy -
and I'm not arguing that blizzard is in
violation of the law or they didn't have
the ability to do what they did or even
the legal right to do what they did
I'm not that's not what I'm saying what
I'm saying is that this is part of a
larger context which everyone thankfully
brought some evidence to support what
I'm saying where China has an
authoritarian
I mean do we disagree that a China is an
authoritarian regime does anybody
disagree with me so and there
effectuating that on an American company
and they're using an American company to
do what they do
for example banning the Rockets streams
thank you for that example when someone
criticizes China in fact you can't
publish a movie in China that talks
about Taiwan as an independent entity
and this is a thorat aryan government
and i'm disgusted that an american
company is participating in it and that
nobody you know everyone's kind of just
going well that's the way it is that's
what the tos says and it's such a
disempowering and kind of sad for me to
watch a bunch of people disempower
themselves and say well what can you do
the company had a TOS you have to follow
the tos it's like the the what the tos
says or doesn't say is not relevant to
the society that this kind of tolerance
of this kind of behavior would create
one where companies can dictate to you
when and where you can protest what you
can say and yes you're right that if it
was blue through blizzards channel they
have a right to moderate that stuff they
have the right to delete the vaad if
that's what they want to do but for me I
see a guy who he didn't get to negotiate
the terms of service he participated in
the tournament which he won and now
they're taking the money out of his
pocket because they're trying to serve
the interests of an authoritarian
Chinese regime I didn't think I would be
the one up here most strenuously
objecting to Communist China but
apparently I'm gonna be the one that
does it no one's arguing with you I
don't think anyone's arguing with you on
that like the winnings specifically
specifically if nothing else the
winnings like them taking that I think
that's absolutely despicable above above
all the other things but to compare it
to even something like earlier the whole
Colin Kaepernick thing I mean if you
look at Colin Kaepernick stats and
whatnot
I mean Cam Newton was was top six and
fantasy football last year after four
games this year he's not the starting
quarterback anymore for for the Carolina
Panthers he
huh you got hurt we also have seventy
eight point five passer rating I got a
really good point about the idea of kind
of a cultural acceptance of
authoritarianism I mean even if we
disagree on whether the platform should
be I mean I sounds like we agree that
the platform should be able to manage
themselves but I do agree it's you're
right that this kind of cultural
acceptance of what China's doing it's
it's a really like a cultural like I
guess maybe and I really don't like the
characterization of like saying that
like this is our Authority Rhian or
whatever but like well China is
authoritarian that's not there's no well
yeah sure but like this I guess like
this specific instance not like isn't a
case of like a
thorat arianism right this is just like
the natural consequences of having our
American corporate interest in bed with
China corporate interests yes right I
think this is more of a symptom of
capitalism than authoritarianism but it
doesn't feel like it's far off because
it's a political thing that China is
like it's a little bit of
authoritarianism but it's also like hey
by the way we're gonna [ __ ] lean on
you until you're bankrupt because we
don't like the thing so that we can make
more money like affirmative ice to make
money so your goal is to make them lose
more money than they would gain but via
boycott now realistically that's never
going to happen not enough people are
gonna protest so as I said earlier your
best yet your best bet to pressure them
into something like this is the team's
work is aggregates for players so
they're kind of a substitute for unions
here right because a team has a lot of
players a team can negotiate hey if
you're gonna [ __ ] our players like this
or whatever like we either need more
concessions or we should be allowed to
have our players make you know some type
of political statement if we want to
like so the best way to do it is to lean
on the teams by pressuring the team
sponsors if you want stuff like this to
change streamers in general I think
because that's like they make a lot of
[ __ ] streamers don't have anything to
do it these are just be Pro play make a
lot of money off you and you dude
Starcraft or [ __ ] they're right no no
but like the problem the problem isn't
like making money off of streams
whatever its having professional players
in professional environment yeah right
like Blizzard doesn't care I say [ __ ]
all day America deserve whatever the
[ __ ] but in blizzards [ __ ] about media
right but like if I was actually on a
blizzard stage then I would need some
kind of like leverage or so
have negotiation to be able to say those
things right I'm not saying well not
what I'm saying is like in addition to
right not that not that it would yeah I
sure in addition to it but it's like a
1% and the teams would be 99% like they
wanted something to change here teams
have to negotiate it on behalf of
players in order makes their players can
make political statements that's how it
would have to work but the problem is is
their biggest market a viewership is
also in probably what China
that's probably yeah well stuff is huge
too so so to go back to what Jake said
he said it wasn't authoritarianism it
was capitalism but here's it's actually
both because I think it was I just think
it's more capitalism than it's like
wizard is incentivized as destiny
rightly pointed out to make the most
profit it's an amoral profit-making
machine that's all it's about it's going
to do whatever it can to make as much
money as it can and it doesn't care
about you your individual rights the air
you breathe nothing all it cares about
is maximizing that shareholder return
and then on the other hand you have an
authoritarian regime that is telling the
blizzard you want to have access to all
this money here in China you have to do
this this is this and one of them is you
don't get to support the right of free
speech you block anybody that's saying
anything about our government and you
create this culture of obsequious nests
to the Chinese regime so both elements
are working together to create this
toxic stew and what I have no ability to
pressure at China I I am a an American
citizen living in America I don't have
any contacts with China there's nothing
I can do but I can do something and
raise my voice and say hey we American
we Americans we Westers whatever we
believe in these principles and we're
not going to accept that you did this to
this guy and you're and by the way hey I
know you guys are right that technically
they have the right to do it over the
[ __ ] with the tos is that they impose on
players I'm not I'm not naive about that
I think that that though they should be
scared to do something like this it
should be it should weigh on them like
oh man if we do something like this it's
going to result in a backlash and I just
want to encourage everyone to
participate in the mob yell at blizzard
threaten to cancel your subscriptions
and and hopefully get some sort of some
sort of
some sort of accommodation for this guy
because how would this guy to get his
money back at least and I know he's
definitely under threat that guy was
brave it's [ __ ] the United States
foreign corrupt practices like bribery
for example engaging in bribery overseas
the federal government is you know well
ding you for doing that do you think
this is question for everybody do you
think there should be some kinds of laws
that regulate how American companies
deal with authoritarian regimes like
that is such a good idea
well the problem right now this is why I
keep taking issue this being called
authoritarian it doesn't matter that
China's authoritarian or not like China
could be a completely democratically
elected body and we can have this
literal exact same problem so like for
instance in the United States maybe we
get some competitors that come over here
and are competing in some sport and then
some guy gets up and he's like hey like
[ __ ] the USA like Isis like I support
the ISIS protest forever and we would
have the exact same response in America
as an authoritarian China whatever kind
of so like not just I mean not just like
situations like this but there are
companies like Cisco Systems and Google
I think would like mention where they
are actively working to help the Chinese
government engage in direct oppression
of their citizens right do you think
there's any case for some kind of law
that would regulate how American
companies deal with deal with issues
like that I mean that that is actually a
really good idea and you know
unfortunately one of the things that the
Trump administration has undermined has
is actually that Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act that you discussed and
traditionally it was used because oil
and gas companies and this is why you
know about it would bribe different
elected officials in foreign countries
like Nigeria so they could get
preferential can I run a clean shop it
would be really sick if we actually had
like the ability to like take another
country like to court like if you're
engaging in practices that are like oh
here we go to my business we could call
isds panels and it could be part of a
multilateral trade agreement call the
transit partnership team that would be
sick oh my god we could take other
countries to court for engaging in
non-competitive is impossible oh my god
I love this idea whoever brought that up
that's the best idea right although God
making the pragmatism argument holy [ __ ]
I'm just I'm just it's a shame though
the TPP didn't go through because if
every if all the Western countries all
the East Asian countries are on board
then maybe we could have together had
some measure that we could have brought
to bear on the China and it's not gonna
tell me now absolutely no pressure
alright so now that we just about
wrapped up that topic I think great
topic yeah so we're gonna go ahead and I
think this is kind of on everybody's
mind if you cover politics as of
recently it's the impeachment [ __ ] right
so there's probably way too much for me
to sum up here so I'm just gonna go
ahead and kind of open it up to you guys
and say like what do you guys think
about this whole impeachment thing do
you think it's it's even gonna happen
like I don't know it's a lot more
possible after the betrayal of the Kurds
a lot of Republican senators are not
happy with that I mean he did the bad
and everyone knows he did the bad and
it's literally just it's it's incredibly
easy to prove it I don't understand like
I think for the integrity of the [ __ ]
office you go you did a bad let's
investigate the bed and whatever happens
happens but like to be a Republican and
just say no it should not be
investigated when if Obama did the same
[ __ ] thing if any if Clinton any of
them did the same exact thing was like
hey you need to investigate [ __ ] Mitt
Romney okay thank you China an
investigate Mitt Romney I want to see if
he's a [ __ ] a criminal so I can win
this election you would be [ __ ] losing
your minds that is not an okay thing to
do it doesn't matter if it was our guy
we would throw him under the [ __ ] bus
I'm talking about our guy like the left
you got to get rid of him you got a or
not even get rid of him just investigate
it in peace but does not mean removal
from office
it means the [ __ ] process by which
maybe we will remove and I think you
should be removed but I mean like it
from litany of reasons but like to not
investigate this is is [ __ ] weak
there's real social you're absolutely
right there's social value even if he
can't be removed even if the Republican
senators don't come over there's social
value in investigating it and in showing
it both you know but there's a process
to guys if you guys [ __ ] innocent and
you're confident
about that you should be like [ __ ]
investigate me I'm gonna win twenty
twenty so annoying about it is the way
that the president just keeps on
describing it as some kind of abuse of
power when literally this is spelled out
in the Constitution yeah Congress has
the power to do this so there's a lot of
threads going on in the impeachment
discussion and I want to hopefully keep
them separate because it could be
confusing to skip between them the first
is like the first is like is it
politically useful is it politically
useful to do it and I think this is a
lot of objections that a lot of the
neoliberal longest time was hey listen
we know Donald Trump as a criminal he's
a proven criminal but if we do
impeachment that's gonna result in harm
to the Democratic Party electoral
chances and that could actually backfire
in the sense of empowering the
Republicans in keeping Trump in office
because of some nebulous idea of like
the the Democrats are not being fair to
Trump and letting him serve his term is
that is that fair destiny would you say
that's that approximate yeah although
that's definitely changed no it seems
like most of the American people have
moved into the approval of impeachment
which is why Pelosi wants to move ahead
with it so so labored thing does not
help at all like so I was right on this
thread a couple months ago I interviewed
interviewed Shaheed Butare who's Nancy
Pelosi's primary opponent in San
Francisco and I'm helping to support
that for obviously it's unlikely to
defeat a sitting speaker it's never
happened but he's raised $300,000 in
quarter three which is very good for a
congressional candidate so I think we're
gonna mount a strong challenge and one
of the things we talked about was the
the concept of impeachment and one of
the things is the signaling that the
leadership was putting out to the
Democratic base so in 2018 the Democrats
had this huge wave of people that were
clamoring for Donald Trump to be
investigated and to be held accountable
and there to be a check placed on him
and the Nancy Pelosi came into office in
the centrists and they stamped down on
all that energy and they said yeah yeah
yeah we know about all the crimes but we
just don't want to do impeachment and
that's signaled to a lot of people that
Petrik was a bad idea and so people like
definitely received that
from Nancy Pelosi and they said okay
Nancy Pelosi makes it's a bad idea
I should go around and tell everybody
how [ __ ] stupid it is to support
impeachment because it's gonna harm the
Democratic Party and all those wild
crazy progressives like Mike from PA who
supported impeachment this months ago
they're stupid because Nancy Pelosi says
so and then what happens is Donald Trump
got the message I can commit whatever
the [ __ ] crime I want and I'm never
gonna be held accountable and then he
went around and he's literally in asking
foreign countries to investigate his
rivals in the most and holding back
military aid and doing corrupt as [ __ ]
[ __ ] and now we're at the point where
now we have to switch gears and what do
you know as soon as Nancy Pelosi
signaled to the Democratic Party and
people like desta that a Pichu it was a
good idea now he's on our side
so thank you welcome to the logical side
we must impeach [ __ ] so this is like a
fantastic narrative that I guess kind of
works if you're like on like a podcast
and you're talking to an audience but
like so much of this fails for so many
reasons
oh sure so firstly why would Pelosi do
something that the electorate didn't
want what would be her goal and saying
we don't want to impeach if she thought
everybody would be on board with it well
she just has no idea ghin she has she's
clueless she's just a dumb old woman
clueless okay so you're you're [ __ ]
idiot so I'm not even gonna address four
questions to you she changed when the
political landscape made it possible to
do so how's Bernie doing by the way he's
almost below a Peabody judge and in his
polling by the way but I'm sure you'll
be able to blame all that on the heart
attack even though he was already
sliding in the polls before that happens
so another problem with the narrative
that you crafted another problem with
the narrative that you can over do do it
great the progressives are gonna win the
nomination another problem another
problem that you had with your narrative
here is the idea that Trump is only
doing impeachable things because we
decided not to impeach over one thing
like Trump is engaged in a lifetime full
of corrupt and strange business
practices the idea that literally Pelosi
is the person that emboldened him is
like the dumbest progressive attack on
the establishment Democratic Party that
I've ever heard of in my entire life
this is one of the dumbest pundit
comments I've ever heard ever you're
telling me that Trump wouldn't be
engaging in the behavior that he did
if we wouldn't have if we would have
what pushed harder earlier for for
investigation stuff did you miss the
entire [ __ ] molar saga that you would
miss like all of the people like
sessions having to recuse himself like
call me coming out and making all these
typically did you miss all of that for
all the pressure that Trump had during
those impeachment days I don't know what
the [ __ ] you've been watching this whole
time I'm like none of your narrative
makes sense it's nice that you were able
to tie it all together in like a nice
story but literally no part of that
it is resembling any part of reality I
don't think you watch very closely
because what happened was they appointed
David Barr they rolled over and they
allowed bar to be appointed attorney
general after Jeff Sessions left they
funded they gave him a what do you mean
allowed him to be appointed they didn't
filibuster it they didn't oppose it they
allowed eight how do you filibuster when
Republicans have triggered a nuclear
option in the Senate explaining it right
now Shane were allowed Schumer allowed
people to break ranks at vote he didn't
he didn't close the whip on the people
on his own side they supported the
increasing of the deficit the debt
ceiling don't just get common I want to
know how they should have stopped how
should they stop the Attorney General
when Republicans have a majority in the
Senate and they only need to 51 to close
a vote when they need 51 overturn a
filibuster in context you explain the
context how could they that the context
of they gave him everything he wanted
you're why even convictions I'm ask you
a very specific question when the
Republicans have more than 50 no you're
not you said it you said in general it's
in context how could the how could the
Democrats have stopped how could the
Democrats have stopped an attorney
general nomination when they didn't have
a majority in the Senate they could have
put a stop to all at now legislative
business awaiting it okay tell me how
all legislative business for example the
debt ceiling they could have stopped how
which would have paralyzed the
government because that was still now
how Mike you the whole point can you
explain what the nuclear option was for
the Republicans absolutely I could
explain okay I'm not going to okay it's
money you don't know you don't know what
it is a knowledge later point I'll give
you the whole point of the
the whole point of the nuclear option is
that the filibuster doesn't work anymore
Mike you tried [ __ ] filibuster that's
the whole point of the nuclear option as
long as the Republicans of a majority in
the Senate the Democrats cannot [ __ ]
filibuster anything you have no idea
what the [ __ ] you're talking about
let me answer you can't filibuster the
debt ceiling cuz it has to go through
the House and Senate dumbass which we
control the house so what does that have
to do with the Attorney General because
you could shut down all legislative
business are you not so you're telling
me that the Democrats should have held
the budget hostage in order to stop the
Attorney General nomination that is dude
a power to the president the United
States yes okay great that's a good
great political strategy there Mike in
the 2000 election the Republicans and it
was basically a draw in the House and
Senate in 2000 the Republicans paid no
political price I know you weren't alive
or sentient when that happened but there
was no you guys are representing right
here I know it's very [ __ ] brave of
you guys even come on and do that with
some but yeah is Trump still your boy
like do you think he's going down or do
you think the Dems are crazy like what's
going on here no no if the glove don't
fit you must acquit he's still wearing
the glove on national TV that's like
super snug Wow a little too graphic with
the glove thing that
using a little support Trump like right
now like right in a second do you think
he should be impeached have you seen his
tweets the drums the best president ever
idiots no but I mean like like do you
think he should be impeached for seeking
a foreign government to investigate a
political opponent no like I don't as
far as if he's doing that yeah I mean if
he's doing everyone shut up and I said
it now sorry it's proven yes so okay so
as far as what he's I don't know I'm
just so tired of you know all this
[ __ ] like if at this point though
it's just gonna be a waste of time in my
opinion to get anything done like even
if they do go go through with all this
stuff it's not even guaranteed that
they're gonna remove from office so it's
like if you can just beat them straight
up because he's so bad then why don't
they just get somebody you know wait
wait wait do you think if the president
commits a crime regardless of who the
president is that we should investigate
the crime what's the crime specifically
talking to another country saying you
should look into Biden yeah that's in
the Constitution and it is written know
what he did what are you okay the
right-wingers haven't read about it cuz
it's not reported on Fox News so I'll
explain it fair enough which is Donald
Trump had conversations with the
president of Ukraine where he said I'll
give you basically I'll give you the
military aid as long as you do me a
favor of investigating Joe Biden and
here's the thing that military funding
and military aid was already passed by
Congress and allocated to him and he was
the one who put the kibosh on it waiting
for them to make a promise and they
wanted a public statement that the Trump
administration wrote for the Ukrainians
about how they were investigating Biden
this is all we have the text transcripts
between the special envoy avoid
appointed by Trump and the Ukrainian
ambassador from America to Ukraine where
they're talking about these issues so
Trump was caught red-handed withholding
military aid in conversations with the
Ukrainian president saying investigate
by
and I'll give you the money that's what
happens in two different whistleblowers
and his own words on national TV
multiple times and on Twitter right and
an honorable mention to Rudy Giuliani
who really helped out [ __ ] you still
support Donald Trump the number one
reason why you're an idiot is because
the fact that he trusted Giuliani means
that you should question his judgment so
much I cannot imagine how stupid you
have to be to think what Giuliani is
going to be a good representation for
anything you believe in would you let
Rudy Giuliani watch your kids for 60
minutes my kids he wants a client who's
gonna zealously represent him on TV news
I guess if you have honestly gun to your
head you have to have a babysitter for
60 minutes Casey Anthony or him like you
um okay I personally and I think the
Democrats are gonna do like a split
strategy here if in districts where it's
safe for them they're gonna say yeah
sure say you support impeachment and
where it's not safe hmm maybe now
they'll do a little bit more calculated
risk like them cuz the reason is want to
get closely election whatever they're
probably are doing a hedge on their bed
of whether or not it's gonna be popular
to impeach but even if you did impeach
okay and you actually got it let's just
say it goes through the house
representatives okay well that's fine
but the Supreme Court the Chief Justice
of the Supreme Court then is presides
over this trial and in the Senate who is
majority Republican has to basically say
yeah he prosecuted trial so yeah he did
something and then they can remove from
office now that then they can get into
the criminal trial and they're not gonna
go in the criminal trial and this goes
into my main point here we're talking
about Donald Trump is disgracing the
office yeah it's pretty true look so he
called up this guy said you'll dig up
this dirt on Biden dig up this dirt okay
now we have George Bush okay and the
whole Bush administration slide yeah
completely lied led to the deaths of
hundreds of thousands thousands of
Americans lost the chilis of dollars
millions of people refugees
he's chilling with Ellen DeGeneres where
is the [ __ ] crimes the whole entire
all of American foreign policy is
predicated upon blackmails threats for
ivories and Sassa nations what you think
Joe Biden was doing there his vice
president was his son doing
now I'm not saying this is justifying
Trump I don't like down drop in fact you
could have impeach them on the monuments
you could have impeached him on that the
Muslim ban okay did you have a right to
practice whatever religion you won it
get impeach him at any time and any
other waiting on the big molar [ __ ]
reveal well that didn't happen
my question is what is the return to
normal exactly so let's say the
best-case scenario happens and Trump is
out there what is the return of normal
if a president was actually removed from
office which would be a first I mean
Nixon resigned before he can be removed
that would be really strong signal to
future presidents that there is some
kind of accountability I think there
needs to be it's it's bad strategy from
a democratic perspective but I'm not a
Democrat I'm not a Republican either and
it helps them a lot but III think it's
important to [ __ ] like when you have
a criminal in the office I think it's
important to bring it up and and maybe
that's just like a [ __ ] pipe dream
where we have some sort of [ __ ]
accountability and dignity in this
country but like I still think it it's
important I don't know even if you want
to wait until and see what the results
of the 2020 are before you go through
with any sort of prosecution then [ __ ]
it
but uh again I think they're testing the
waters I it makes a lot more political
sense to wait but like I'm kind of don't
give a [ __ ] about politicking well I
mean I know now seems like the time I
mean if you waited until the election
like if he were voted right back you
know I think a lot of the appetite for
it would disappear but right now but but
you know I just pulled up on my stream
over at Central underscore committee
[Music]
[Laughter]
actual Jake okay I'm saying something
important that's visually interesting
for everybody they want a mixer so good
pull up on the other tab we could talk
about there's been a kind of polling
average that they put out the past
couple days tracking support for
impeachment and you can see when when
everybody kind of came out in support of
it and I think a number of you have
talked about how supporting impeachment
is like something that people do in safe
blue districts but actually the final
break was
lot of so-called national security
Democrats in kind of purplish districts
who were just elected in 2018 who have
come out and supported the idea of
impeachment and you can see that among
every demographic even Republicans 14%
of Republicans now support in an
impeachment investigation 81% of
Democrats and that's up well over 15% it
looks like it was it's up you know
depending upon which category
subcategory you're looking at and it's
only continuing to rise and I think this
is probably where you might consider me
naive but I believe in democracy I
believe that if we take the evidence to
the American people of criminal
wrongdoing and we present the facts that
the people are going to be disgusted and
they're gonna want to put pressure on
their representatives to vote against
Trump now I don't believe that the
Republicans are going to remove Trump
from office because they have their own
political calculus in their own depth
their own Republican primary there they
can't vote for that but you put them on
record supporting the criminality and I
think that is something that prevents
them from distancing themselves from
Trump in future elections and for
Republicans in seats that are plausibly
winnable by Democrats to have that stain
on them it's something that could be
useful for a very long time also frankly
the media will be totally consumed by an
impeachment investigation and trial and
the Republicans won't be able to be
running their spin machines attacking
Biden or whoever else you know Elizabeth
Ward is Pocahontas or Biden's is son is
corrupt or whatever [ __ ] they have
planned will be totally disrupted by
this impeachment investigation I think
this is a political dynamite move to do
and does it is it without risk of course
not but every political action has risk
and I think Trump is just [ __ ] guilty
and it's the right thing to do yeah dude
are we worried about the tribal nature
of Republicans in general I mean I think
it's already out there I mean I don't
think they're gonna mobilize I know
good mobilize any more than they already
have right I think his basis is based no
matter what you could like he could
probably strangle a puppy and like
three votes like you know one thing that
will be interesting is if he's impeached
in the house and this goes to the Senate
for the you know for the trial that the
Constitution provides for and he was
under oath testifying about something
I mean he's real likely to perjure
himself oh oh yeah I'd bet on that live
lines for Vegas on perjuring himself
doesn't mean anything if you go back to
Clinton right well now that's the thing
though right now so far if you want to
be assured to him you can say well no
actual crimes right all suspicious high
crimes you know sketchy stuff right
where's the African hold on were you re
right just well you don't have to have
actual car you for yeah you know I agree
I'm very clear on that yeah you don't
need an actual crime but one of the few
hang-ups among some Republicans is still
well where's the actual crime what law
did he break you know that's not
criminal law has to be broken were you
for anything about this because when I
look at this whole thing a lot comes
into play because should the Democrats
based on their principles of impeach
trunk absolutely I believe that they
should the I think to me the support of
the Republicans and when I when I say
Republicans I'm more referring to
conservatives because I don't consider
myself a Republican I consider myself a
conservative and when it comes to crimes
I think that's where a lot of them it
really does matter and in and and not
all not all cuz some people are in the
Trump train regardless I never was on
the Trump train even to begin with I
didn't much care for him I thought that
was way better options than Trump and
the reason I hated Trump from the get-go
was he's a man who loves operating in
the in a gray area and I and I think
that's horrible and now when this thing
first came out my question was will
shoot if I thought that Weiden did this
which he bragged about openly that he
did because he was on camera and audio
saying that he did but should we talk
about withholding a billion dollars
until they fired the the the attorney
which is OH
there's exactly the quid-pro-quo that
are accusing Trump of which as a side
note you are a [ __ ] liar I this is
not even true at all we had complete it
okay I'm gonna explain to you you
[ __ ] mush brain bu you get so hostile
so quick well because because he's
coming out here lying frickin finish why
do I have to okay this ability [ __ ] is
[ __ ] this he's out there trying to
defend from [ __ ] your civility alright
I'm not gonna do it and it's coming for
you bro watch out okay popped out I'm
sorry I'm sorry but the the reason why
this prosecutor was so problematic in
Ukraine is because he was preventing
corruption prosecutions within Ukraine
the European Union came out France
Germany the United Kingdom all sort all
countries around the world the United
Nations were recommending this guy's
removal
that's why Biden was in there and he
said that I you want to have aid whether
you've got to get rid of this corrupt
prosecutor it was not some sort of quid
pro quo from Biden's camp that's just a
line thanks T oh no no no I say am I
losing my mind
I said you're accusing Trump of a quid
pro quo that's what I said okay and and
yes now I won't argue with you I have I
have looked into it and I do agree with
you there the claim is that this
prosecutor was holding up corruption the
corruption investigation and to me that
matters in no way shape or form when
we're actually talking about you know if
we're talking about withholding
something for something else then to me
that would be apples to apples
regardless of this man whether he was
pursuing the the lawsuit or or or the or
the investigation or not okay
now and in so my question might my
initially I was like well shoot if
anyone is going to be the one to speak
to a brand new president about this it
would be Trump absolutely it would be
Trump now I
I'll be honest I was watching basquiat
stream earlier tonight and good call he
was what yeah you what you were like
video and in the video of the guy he was
talking about the correct the correct
avenues that he would take it and and
that was where I looked at him like wow
I like I like that information and
that's where in my mind when I said a
minute ago that my problem with Trump is
he operates in a gray area and because
the question is this was it a crime I
don't know because because he didn't
follow the correct avenues but was it a
crime there was nothing in the
transcript that has been released so far
that was a crime except I mean when you
can add later on him adding the him at
him adding him adding the fact that he'd
withheld the money okay and and the
other question the only other thing that
I had is if we if we want to get up get
upset with Trump invest investigating
Biden I mean did we get upset did we
lose our minds when Trump was
investigated during the during his own
Trump asking another foreign leader to
investigate a political opponents son is
way different than our own political
system investigating the president these
two things argue then why would you
bring it up as a point of comparison
well it's not a big deal when we
investigate like people like for
instance let's say the FBI shows up and
arrest somebody for marijuana okay
because it's federally illegal now let's
say you're in the United States and the
[ __ ] KGB show up and arrest you for
drugs and somebody's like we'll hold on
why the [ __ ] are the KGB arresting
someone for drugs than us and you're
like well you guys didn't make a big
deal when the FBI did it well no you'd
be like we'll hold the plug on
investigate so if if Trump had
investigated our people or not
investigated sorry if he had instructed
our people the FBI to go after Biden
would we then be okay with it
well I mean it's part Trump has already
kind of sort of done this has anyone
he's called for Hillary's arrest when
he's had people investigate Hillary for
the emails and [ __ ] and when he put
together that Big Lake Council to search
for like illegal immigrants voting and
whatnot like that's part of the powers
afforded to Trump under
like in terms of his direction of the
DOJ went on even though it's kind of a
separate institution or every but I mean
like yeah I mean like the president has
like some abilities afforded to him
that's way different than going to a
foreign government and asking them to
investigate a political opponent like
one is expressly illegal the other are
our powers afforded or the government or
the president via the Constitution
toaster he gets to your point about
about the gray area right that's what
the impeachment process is about I mean
we can't indict a sitting president but
the the impeachment process was designed
by the framers of the Constitution to
provide a mechanism not just for we if
you break the actual law but for if
there's a suspicion right if there's a
smoke even if you haven't found the fire
yet that's what the impeachment process
is about it's why they use the term high
crimes its violations of the public
trust so ultimately you can you can
impeach him for the suspicion alone and
remove them for that I feel like if we
go through specifically if he gets
reelected and we go through another term
and he's not in peached one time what
the [ __ ] is it for ok first is the most
imposing president of all if he gets
reelected we should all just walk out
into the beach together and give up
because the planet doesn't have the time
but like honestly it's funny that we're
talking we're focusing so much on the
Ukraine thing and this is one criticism
I do have of Nancy Pelosi and some of
the late comers to impeachment is
narrowing the focus too much on this one
thing while I feel it's clearly
impeachable there are many other proven
crimes that Trump has already committed
that we could also impeach on I'll give
an example
the hush money payments dis or McDaniels
which his campaign manager and personal
attorney are already currently in
federal prison right now for and he was
an unindicted co-conspirator his
signature is on the check he did it too
he violated campaign finance laws and a
fellow felonious manner and he is a
[ __ ] criminal and we have his tax
returns in a da Vance in Manhattan is
trying to get his tax returns we know
that he's a crook at piece of [ __ ] who
dodged his taxes his sister had to
resign from the federal bench because
there was a judicial investigation of
her money so like we have multiple
impeachable offenses with Donald Trump
duh I mean more than you could count the
obstruction of justice was his admission
of firing James Comey all the [ __ ] he
says to intimidate witnesses his
comments about the whistleblowers being
traitors and you know what we used to do
with traitors
this guy is
impeachable insane mush brain and it
would be if we don't impeach trump that
would be a constitutional crisis it
would mean that the impeachment power is
as a nullity that any president with at
least 34 senators in the Senate is
completely has carp Lodge to commit
whatever crimes he wants and that would
be a terrible thing for our norms and
our society in general I know I I just
yelled about civility not mattering on
the other hand like we need to live in a
society together and we can't have a
president who feels immune and above the
law what makes America good and Western
societies good is the concept of rule of
law and I would think that conservatives
wouldn't sell out their principles they
supposedly believe in just for the
political opportunity or political
advantage in one particular president
because that's what destroys countries
at least stand up for some goddamn
principles clearly to the Constitution
defend it for once go ahead first and
then I want to I want to like focus on
one specific thing on this this hold
Trump thing real quick yeah and right
and I think there's a huge opportunity
for like education on this process for a
lot of people I think a lot of people
don't know what the impeachment process
is like and then even if we get to this
point like because of how it's kind of
written you can kind of get rid of them
based on this but gonna kick you people
act or whatever else um at the end of
the day I think I would just like to see
what's what's best for for America
Americans people and if he has nothing
to hide if he has nothing to hide then
there's no reason to go face trial and
come out squeaky clean right there then
time's up and like this is this is
ridiculous like I'm tired of being just
associated with like as a conservative
it's like I'm viewed as a career
criminal as well too I just don't like
how divisive all this stuff is the White
House came out today and said they
wouldn't cooperate no I know and I think
it was just [ __ ] gross it's it's
becoming a huge political circus and
like it's what's scary about him to
youth I don't know for whatever reason
this came into my mind when he was about
my opinion
Penn and Teller like he was on his show
The Apprentice a bunch of times he said
he's never been around somebody who just
like wanted to talk about himself I feel
like he doesn't care if people talking
about come on my strands they're nice
just kind of weird just I don't know
it's just weird so as he lost your
support
um I its wavering for sure wait what
would it take for him to lose your
support I said what would be the final
straw could he shoot someone on Fifth
Avenue or would you say it was something
Batman so they're a Democrat exactly
Nancy Pelosi no no he could shoot a
Republican they would just call him like
a traitor they would say right now I
don't know like for like what made you
waiver then well because like it's this
right if you have nothing to hide then
that's what the whole court system you
go for right we have a system in place
to be able to to basically your instance
I'm proven guilty right and if you have
nothing to hide you there's nothing that
they can get you on well we ran on I'm
gonna hide my tax returns and still is
hiding his taxes hiding that is
irrelevant but use but we're curious why
you didn't flip your opinion for him
then that's the course that's what I'm
saying
yeah well that's because I think anyone
who was conservative or republican
looked at a guy who claimed to be like
so rich and in my mind with the whole
idea with the tax return was he doesn't
want to show his tax return because
we'll find out how much how poor he is
because he does everything through his
companies yeah because everything is
done through is it just just like just
like people that I like like people at
under s Corpse doing they build their
house they built they do everything
through their company or whatnot
instead of actually any of it being
their own income and that would be
that's always been my theory on the
whole the tax returns because then he
would be brought out as the fraud
because he claims to be
so when wouldn't they be like mom
wondering you know right I mean as long
as it keeps it underneath the the the
the the name of the company one of the
things that's really that present Trump
has done you know unintentionally is
revealed just how much of what we
imagined were laws were really just
norms and reveal how much power Congress
has given up to the presidency and you
know really gotta hope that that when
all of this is finally set down the
Congress decides to take some of its
power back so all right so there's a
specific thing on here that I kind of
want to touch on and Trump with with
this whole scandal going on made some
statements about the whistleblower
himself saying on Twitter I'm gonna go
ahead and just read his tweet his lies
were made in perhaps the most blatant
and sinister manner even ever seen in
the great chamber he wrote down in red
terrible things and then said it was
from the mouth of the President of the
United States
I want shift question at the highest
level for fraud and treason in addition
I want to I want I want to meet not only
my accuser who presented second and
third-hand information but also the
person who illegally gave this
information which was largely incorrect
to the to the whistleblower in quotation
marks
was this person spying on the US
president big consequences so he's kind
of painting this this whistleblower as a
spy as if he's criticized no reason
against the United States right and then
saying that there's big consequences
whatever the [ __ ] that means you are
being so charitable but I appreciate
look I appreciate but yeah III think
this is pretty yikes paying the
whistleblower in that sense but I don't
know I want to throw this out to some of
the righties on the on the panel like
what do you think toaster or ferris
about this and I'm actually gonna go and
piss so go ahead and I'm out it already
I got out of my do it I do appreciate
how I know how mind waves feels with a
lot of these things so him him trying to
be centrist with the questions is quite
nice but I do think that the III hate
Trump in his Twitter I absolutely
despise it I think that that that some
of the stuff that he says is absolutely
ridiculous and for me for me considering
what
what would be considered impeachable
just not presidential at all would be
the way that he handles his Twitter
profile every because I mean it again it
doesn't have to be crimes and and so to
me I hate I hate to see it [ __ ] is this
water coming from Zenith why the [ __ ]
does this water comparing it it's truly
a melting even though it's really cold
it's not no it wasn't me see we're going
though but my question has been and I
know that it's been taken too far in
some conservative circles but as far as
the the question that was removed from
the from the whistleblower forum not
changing it not change it because the
the claim has been made that he was that
they weren't allowed to give secondhand
information which is not true there was
just a question that marked whether it
was secondhand her firsthand that
question was removed the complaint came
out and then the question was or the
forum was redone and the questions now
back in there again to me sure I do find
that interesting I would and the whole
idea is I I won't argue with the
impeachment because I do think like I
said earlier based on their principles
they should impeach just like I thought
that the Republicans based on their
principles should have impeached Obama
but I think the Republicans based on
their [ __ ] of beach Trump bait based
on this or based on everything else
based on the republican principles do
you think that Donald Trump should be
impeached if you're talking about what
happened in Ukraine I have not I have
not seen enough yet and and this is
where I do stand with hold on but before
you answer I actually won't I can't give
an answer on that because to me not
enough information is there yet and and
that's where I do side with some other
conservative and even even some more
centrist you know even podcasters and
whatnot they're saying hey let's wait
for more information to come out before
I actually make a decision because like
you asked you asked Farris earlier do
you still support Trump and if you the
answer ultimately is well we need to
find out you know you to me any
conservative any conservative you let's
let's see where it goes let's see where
the impeach me
you're not persuaded so you're not
persuaded so love it let's just do a
hypothetical it'll make it totally
different facts so we don't analogize it
too closely but imagine that Barack
Obama while his third wife was pregnant
went and got a got a pornstar colour
tempest Michaels and he had an
adulterous affair with her and then
later he directed his personal attorney
to pay hush money outside of campaign
finances Michael Moen yeah in October of
2012 for example and they just started
an aide and they violated campaign
finance law feloniously to pay hush
money and then both his personal
attorney and his campaign manager went
to federal prison for multiple crimes if
Brock Daniels would you impeach him no
no the [ __ ] [ __ ] is the [ __ ]
isn't important yeah the hush money and
the illegal payments outside of campaign
finance is the important thing because
he thought it would hurt him in the
election and he would lose the election
that's why I was making hush money
payments under the table and maybe if he
had come out that he had done that maybe
he would have lost the election so maybe
he was right or maybe he wouldn't have
lost it we don't know but the point is
he was spending that money to influence
an election illegally and he's caught so
that alone right there should be enough
to a peach am I wrong peach we've
already talked about this anything would
be enough to impeach I said that based
I'm not asking for you to be able to no
I'm asking you to tell me whether or not
that would be crime enough to remove
Obama from office it would be for you
personally from me personally from
that's why I don't care for the guy
myself hmm
like I'm not you won't see me as a guy
sainte-marie didn't answer slippery you
slippery [ __ ] just say no I wouldn't
have been pissed Obama or yes well
doesn't really matter was answers cuz he
could just lie right but I mean like the
fact of the matter is is that I give a
black man in office of the family
history that [ __ ] Trump has holy [ __ ]
dude the Republicans would
they're [ __ ] mine he wore yeah I love
it
he wore a [ __ ] beige suit and he put
Grey Poupon on his hot dog do you page
is our color okay and they said that he
undermined the dignity of the office
remember my mom my mom was like crying
or tears to me explaining how horrible
it was that Bill Clinton had
disrespected his wife and here's mr.
Trump with like his third [ __ ] import
wife like while he's [ __ ] porn stars
unbelievable I mean but you got to think
about how much socially has changed from
1997 until 2000 Republicans know jobs
have been cool since the [ __ ] Stone
Age don't just our enemy at some point
there's nothing disrespecting the office
hold on do I think Republicans are smart
for impeaching Bill Clinton no I think
it was dumb I think it was absolutely
dumb they won the next presidential
election Al Gore ran away from Bill
Clinton and was like I'm not that close
to didn't have Bill Clinton campaign for
he ran wiki ran on restoring dignity
rules and Democrats choosing to peach
Trump is the best worst thing they ever
did because it's either you gonna turn
out absolutely fantastic you're gonna
turn out really bad you actually ask
this question which I didn't really
maybe a sore zone now or a second but
you actually were talking about the
whistleblowers I kind of want to bring a
spotlight on this okay most
whistleblowers that I've seen and I've
only been around for I'm not even 30
years okay most of them seem to get in
big [ __ ] trouble
you're Edward Snowden you tell everyone
that uh the you know uh you know social
media search engines whatever they're
all giving metadata or whatever to the
government you go on the run Chelsea
Manning shows that the US military is
double-tapping EMT people you know
killing civilians with drone strikes you
[ __ ] run William Binney the NSA is
revealing it the NSA is collecting and
from without warning you John Kiriakou
you're exposing torture the United
States military
doing in CIT you were disposing torture
he goes a federal prison now immediately
in the media these whistleblowers are
heroes they're from the CIA one of them
here's what they said uh a CIA officer
detailed to the White House and part
there comes partially based on more than
a half dozen US officials and private
accounts that they call my colleagues
and then they're celebrated as a
whistleblower to me do you think there's
a aberration here in a pattern you think
this is a more of a palace coup you know
higher ups actually trying to get rid of
Trump because the elite establishment
actually doesn't like Donald Trump I
think that's in my opinion that's who
these whistleblowers are a part of the
elite establishment trying to get rid of
Trump yeah just like the regular the
everyday politics like the the
Republicans and the Democrats
interesting question in the world I
would love to know this how in the [ __ ]
do you think there is an elite class
that one of the few billionaires on
earth is not a part of do you think
Donald Trump is closer to you an average
non-elite populist loving American or
part of it in whatever elite class you
might speak of I have no idea how you
could let yourself be tricked into
believing that a billionaire isn't like
I don't even own a wealthy that is a
billionaire like it's not part of an
elite class okay so what what this is
really about to kind of answer your
question in a slightly longer one you
might like they want to restore things
to the way that there were like it's it
was Hillary's turn or whoever's turned
it's their they have a you know you go
to Wesley you go to whatever you're a
private school of choice whatever I Lili
you go through every law firms there's a
certain way you're supposed to become a
president's country Donald Trump didn't
follow the rules that's the real reason
they don't hate me he had a rich daddy
he got he inherited his dad's business
he followed in his family footsteps
doing reload every single rule in every
single standard path to life that any
merchandise and I step in and help you
well no I don't help you're just gonna
give a facetious answer like I'm
genuinely curious how you don't feel
like you've been tricked into thinking a
bill
is not part of whatever elite you've
identified as your enemy okay so what
I'm trying to say is that there's I know
you probably don't believe this or if
it's not written down and some authority
doesn't tell you this not written on
paper but there is a way you do things
this is why they don't like him but he
did I have all the rules
he followed every rule oh no he didn't
the leads do not like the people up top
don't like Donald Trump it's not because
he's because he's part of a different
class or something and I'm not saying
how we as the general population relates
to Donald Trump
that's [ __ ] I mean these are media
narratives I'm saying Donald Trump is
not part of their special little circle
they don't like him literally been to
their weddings donated to their
campaigns posed in pictures with them
look I feel like I don't think he's
trying to say that he's not part of the
elite right he's saying wait wait wait
so was he was he a threat to the elites
interest when he insanely cut their
taxes like was he a threat to the elite
interest when he tries to like protect
certain businesses like in the United
States
was he a threat too late like what where
where is Donald Trump and readily we're
time of political elite versus corporate
elite okay so I mean that's that's what
he's getting at he's some other
politically like like the Nancy Pelosi
okay listen wait so I might agree with
this so maybe Trump's McConnell's yeah
so maybe Trump the hall Ryan's the Mitt
Romney's all these people that don't
like him I mean Paul Ryan and Mitt
Romney never cared for the guy and
they're supposed to be Republican same
thing on their on the Democrat side
Republicans and Democrats don't like
Trump so if you want to say that he's
part of like a different elite class I
can acknowledge that sure maybe he's
part of the corporate elite more than
the politically but the corporate elite
sure as [ __ ] don't defend your interests
like yeah I don't like Republicans never
figure this out you guys will sit there
in the tea party and talk about how you
want tighter borders and less
regulations without realizing that all
the corporate interests the back your
party are championing opening the
borders up harder than Democrats right
because they get cheap labor for their
companies like you guys are talking
about how you want to protect industries
they want to they want to build these
trade agreements because they want to
make more money for their companies like
like Trump hasn't done anything in
office at all to convince you that he's
on your side you know maybe he doesn't
side with the political elite but he
sure decide with the financial elite he
sure does identify at with the capital
of billionaire like he's given financial
incentives to them he hasn't done
anything to help the average American
like I don't understand how you have
this idea that Trump is on your side
okay so if you just took can I can I sit
can I say one thing for on this like
yeah I think I think what Nate is
talking about is kind of like what they
call the national security elite it's
also sometimes referred to as the blob
in DC which is this bipartisan consensus
on Americans America's role in the world
so we're talking about like the Council
on Foreign Relations we're talking about
like these these type of groups where
the CIA is definitely a part of it where
they kind of enforce the status quo of
Americans position as the global hegemon
right and I think Nate is right to point
out that Donald Trump when he came in
and did things like tariffs or when he
says he's gonna withdraw from NATO
he hasn't effectuated any of those
things does he's an incompetent [ __ ]
but he is saying things that you know
questions America's role in the world
and and on our position as this like
global guarantor of security so there he
is right to say that Trump is someone
that those elites those national
security elites don't like I think
destiny is also right when he says that
Donald Trump is clearly a member of the
capitalist class and the hyper elite as
far as wealth he trafficked in many of
the same circles as a donor you know he
went to him you know Hillary Clinton
went to his [ __ ] wedding yeah you
guys will post like you guys will post
like these obscure emails trying to link
like Podesta and stores together and I
can show you pictures of like of Donald
Trump at Bill Clinton's will and like
Hillary was like wedding and [ __ ] like
was from that perspective like I'm
saying so am i right am i closer to what
you meant exactly they want like
American global leadership which means
like you know lots of military
enterprises going around and doing
people I guess I should have phrased
like that I'm not saying that like it's
some kind of deep state conspiracy out
to get them like the entire world the
entire world wants American military
leadership that includes all of Europe
that includes like everybody in NATO
like that okay but but Donald Trump's
foreign policy isn't exactly what the
washing consensus has been up to now
Julie he's dick riding the [ __ ] out of
Israel like he shouldn't jump up to bomb
Syria with a pair so try to eviscerate
NATO yeah but that's but that's not
because
some strong foreign policy idea that's
because his understanding of economics
rivals that of my eight-year-old son
like that's not because he actually I
don't think they liked the fact that he
talks to Putin I don't think they like
the fact they talk I don't like the way
he does
this is [ __ ] because when Obama was
trying to have conversations with Russia
the Republicans flipped [ __ ] [ __ ]
remember that recording they got leaked
of Obama he's like I'll have a little
bit more flexibility to talk about these
issues after the election Republicans
lost their [ __ ] mind
Obama's in bed with Russia blah blah
blah and when Hillary Clinton the whole
uranium one thing Hillary Clinton in bed
with Russia blah blah blah
but now that Trump is talking to Putin
now it's okay [ __ ] this is partisan
hackery at its finest I absolutely do
not believe that Republicans wanted to
push for normalizing relationships with
Russia
it's just when daddy Trump does that
it's okay but when this ever happened
with a Democrat involved it was
absolutely the worst thing in the world
I don't believe that's argument so I
actually I actually do agree and
appreciate appreciate that statement
because it is funny in the in the debate
for me
I only ever punched back about what the
Democrats did because it's aimed at what
the Republicans didn't when reality they
both do the same thing you mentioned
earlier about the the whole border crowd
the border crisis to me both sides use
the border and immigrants as a pawn
they've done that for years whether it
be a whether it be about the border or
abortion or or poverty or anything worse
but both both both well I'm Tommy used
it as a platform and nothing the
Republicans use it as a massive platform
yet never do anything and and and the
Democrats do as well and and so it's
like all these things are platforms for
elections that's it
and and I this is where I get sick of it
and this is where I I don't claim to be
Republican I claim to be conservative
because I think that it's it's a load of
bullcrap
the idea that you use that you use the
immigrants and use all these other
things as your puppets which we'll get
to here in a little bit yeah what the
Greta thing but I feel like when the red
side puts a guy up for an election
you're voting for him I mean so and you
vote for the blue guy well yeah but like
there's like there's the problem is just
like I don't like having these
conversations on principles when like
when Republicans seem to have none so
like for instance like let's look at the
size let's look at the actions in Syria
when Obama wanted to intervene in Syria
we got all this
like oh the red line like oh god this is
horrible blah blah blah you know but
when Trump wanted to go and bomb Syria
for literally the same [ __ ] that Obama
want intervene in Syria for which is
carries chemical weapons attacks against
their civilians all of a sudden now all
the Republicans are behind it when Trump
does it like why it's because there's no
principle there it's just partisan
hackery Syria yeah the wars can always
social programs we exactly I've never
never cared for Trump he's not a small
government guy he didn't he doesn't do
anything to actually fix it but you
voted for Romney because see here's the
thing here's the thing about you how do
you know that you you just you just
admitted it you disingenuously say oh I
have this yes you did not because when
someone said you voted for him you say
when you voted for the blue guy implying
I've said yes vote for the blue guy that
I did ok did you vote for Trump in 2016
no who did you vote for Gary I didn't
vote for the president what state do you
live in North Carolina why am I asking
you these questions because you can oh
no I test India's destinies right I
don't wasting my time um well I think
you're wasting your time is you're
asking question you're trying to no
really asking we voted for I might like
my question is like I just don't know
what policies of Trump so like we've
already said that he doesn't know much
on economic policy I think we've already
said his foreign policy is if you like
what policies does Trump have that you
think are good for the American people
like we just says it like it is you know
for the Republicans here that are like
oh I'm on the fence about Trump blah
blah blah blah blah because I because I
consider myself [ __ ] compared to some of
the [ __ ] people in line these days
like Mike I'm like economically [ __ ]
right-wing I guess but I'm really
curious what the [ __ ] does Trump do that
you support like we called out Democrats
about deficit spending this guy's
deficits spent like a [ __ ] he
doesn't give a [ __ ] about balancing the
budget like what does Trump do that
you're supposed to support as a
Republican any Republican any
conservative who is voting for Trump
typically votes for him as the
antithesis of the other candidate okay
so he deficit spends like Democrats too
he defends Israel like Democrats do I
mean like what he held up a big gay flag
once I I guess I just I don't understand
like where the support from from Trump
comes from for unlike the disability
need the judges I mean it's all worth it
if we get the judges maybe conservative
justices that's a legitimate argument if
you want to take that sure I mean that
was the argument for any conservative
who voted for him that was the argument
was the Supreme Court okay but you
understand there's a big Archer in 2016
that was the only legitimate argue to
vote for Trump but there's a big
difference between being like you know
I'm not a big say like well you know I'm
not a big fan of Trump but at least I
got my judges in that's way different
than saying like well you know I
supported Trump and I'm still supporting
him like well there's a [ __ ] primary
that's why it's different right because
you still like you had your choice and
you went with the [ __ ] that guy like
what point you were exactly right and if
you actually ratings he's very popular
with Republicans like 96% it's exactly
Republican who actually did anything
that Republicans would like that seems
to be good wait what did he do oh god
the look for example low and low
unemployment the the highest employment
in minority communities the way tax cuts
that wait during the primaries know I'm
come on now right I know but I'm saying
why did he get during the primaries
during the primaries he impugn the
character of any other viable candidate
he took a guy like Cruz who stood on his
character he'd been treating it oh well
I mean you can make fun of it you want
to but the man stood on his character
that was his entire platform was his
character and his name for Cruz was
lying Ted and and and and so every
single he broke him down he broke down
the Republican candidates look you asked
me and I'm giving right now and I'm not
trying to interrupt you I just think
it's hilarious he took every single he
took every single one of the
conservative candidates they broke them
down one by one
based on their own strengths no I
totally he was a populist and I'll tell
you do you remember earlier on before
like Jeb was out when he was talking
about how hey your brother 9/11 happened
on his watch it may as well have been
his fault when he talked about what a
disaster the war in Iraq was I mean you
could say some things that so that
audience probably felt like needed to be
said I mean the question is who's still
with him I'm not surprised that you
didn't want any of the other [ __ ]
candidates but she picked the doggie as
shittiest candidate out of the dog ship
but here's the thing I wouldn't Donald
Trump is what yeah okay fair Donald
Trump is the ultimate expression of what
the Republican Party base wants okay
that's why he crushed it in the primary
that's why he won that's why they
support him 96% or 90 plus percent
whatever poll you want to look at like
so this - it's so funny whenever you get
a Republican on here all they do is
dissemble and say well I don't like
everything about Trump or I wish he
didn't tweet I wish he tweeted more I
want to see what the president's
thinking I want to see what his true
feelings are because I want the right
exposed for what they really are
heed three am tweets I mean like it's
another Big Mac sounds crazy but it is
so incredibly frustrating to hear
Republicans are so shy about their like
love for Trump and they'll say they're
like oh I don't support her too much
blah blah blah blah blah but then as
soon as they go home they've got like a
[ __ ] like Trump fleshlight did they
like [ __ ] and like coming to like thirty
times and they're so excited about a
like again like his support of the body
his the reining in his approval rating
the Republican Party is like 90 plus
percent it's like higher than it's ever
been impossible like some of these polls
like a hundred and three percent of
Republicans supporting Trump it's like
holy [ __ ] and then they all get on the
news like oh I just don't like him that
much I can't wait til Elizabeth Warren
or Bernie Sanders wins the nomination
and destiny and I are on the same side
just slashing boy oh you're right Trump
Trump and what he did for for what what
would be considered Republican or
conservative things like like the jobs
like the that's a thing that I mentioned
earlier I'm losing so you guys don't you
don't Jobs but hold on jobs unlike the
taxes that would be enough said but it's
not enough you're lying for Republicans
lying though the reason why I know
you're lying is because because
Republicans complain about jobs in the
economy right up until Trump was elected
right now you can Google unemployment
you can look at the u3 or the u6 you can
look at the sp500 you can look at any
economic indicator and all of these
things were not only on a massive
upshoot since 2008 when Obama was
leading the recovery but since 2013
they've been hitting all-time high after
all-time high after all-time high the
only time that became relevant to
whether or not you liked or disliked
your president was when there was an R
next to his name I do not believe this
[ __ ] that you like Trump because of
the economy because if you did you would
have liked the last term of Obama for
the economy too but nobody did everybody
was saying the economy was [ __ ] until
magically Trump gets in office all the
same trends from the Obama
administration continued it's not like
things just changed or turned around
they did turn around it was in 2007 in
2008 but now all of a sudden when
there's an R and X to the guy in office
now all of a sudden it's a really good
thing I don't know I just don't buy the
argument it's crazy to me and now
deficits and war crimes don't [ __ ]
matter yeah like you talk about you want
to talk some Keynesian economics people
were critical for it for Obama for
deficit spending that's all the tax cuts
were the tax cuts were deficit spending
on steroids interest rates from the
Federal Reserve event at historic lows
over and over and over again inflation
is still low we're pumping out money to
the economy like crazy
Trump is hitting record deficit figures
budget deficits our national debt is
going up and I'm all that tax cut was
was more deficit spending that was
before you asked me what general no you
asked me why I'm telling you why I'm not
saying that it's right I'm telling you
why I understand it's right you asked me
why are you apart it's hard
can you ever defend anything from your
point of view instead of being pundit
brain 24 [ __ ] 7 will argue with me the
last thing and then we're gonna go ahead
and pivot to the next topic you got the
floor buddy
crazy these days
like like I don't know for me there's a
lot of stuff that just a lot of people
in general just really care about their
immediate inner circle right like the
family and as long as a family's taken
care of everything else there I don't
know for me as far as that something
that was done as far as taxes was the
affordable child care and elder Elder
Care Act that was something that I've
seen something from that one the repeal
of Obamacare was important for me
there's a lot of things wait we tried
though I mean wait hold on hold on hon
wait can I just ask a question because
like we have a couple Democratic
candidates running on free childcare mm
what you said the the affordable
childcare Act was a big deal for you
right we have some Democratic candidates
running on free childcare shouldn't you
be coming on over or what I don't want
the government taking care of my kid
they can even take care of Stein they
took care of that soon he's on suicide
watch in both cameras broke oh we
totally took him off suicide watch two
days after he tried to hang himself are
you gonna suicide him if he's on watch
he was on suicide watch they watched him
they made sure he's tied the night tight
is it real quick just to put some
numbers these are like real quick like
google memes right so like if you look
at the first link you can see the public
views of the economy right when Trump
was elected look at that Republican jump
for four views of the economy like that
huge spike in twenty like at the end of
like 2016 2017 right that huge jump when
when Daddy Trump was elected but like if
you click those feelings look at the
unemployment it's been steadily falling
since 2000 and it probably since
2007-2008 look at the S&P 500 go back
max and look at look at the all-time
highs repo since 2013
it's not like we all of a sudden
magically saw like a huge turnaround in
the economy when daddy Trump came in
it's just that oh well now there's a
Republican office it feels like things
are going great again like this just
yeah it's just not a it's just argue
with it so we'll argue with you sure so
he just presented all the facts times
the surrender put your hands what look I
don't care I'm just happy our guys are
in charge it's all right so I've agreed
that seeing the fact that the minute you
know Trump came in all of a sudden I'm
he's doing great
and the whole time that the calm he was
recovering under Obama they're saying oh
no that's actually [ __ ] well the truth
is that I don't think that it really has
been as strong recovery there's been I
just LinkedIn chat there the labor
participation rate that hasn't really
recovered from 2007-2008 you can cook
the book and I'm not accusing anyone
political party doing us you can easily
cook the books on unemployment districts
when you cut off people people who come
off unemployment or no longer counted as
a u3 they're not there's also a u6 there
are different ways to measure yet
there's you six one thing I agree with
you Nate but go ahead Nick okay but
you're some saying okay you can
depending on how you want classify these
things slide these numbers around the
real unemployment rate in America is
probably in the double digits
probably in 10 percentage length okay
that's that's probably where it is okay
there's there's some good evidence to
support what Nate I agree I agree with
you again but there is evidence to
support what you're saying Nate in the
sense that we've had this low
unemployment at three whatever percent
for a while now and inflation remains
not nil and wage growth also remains no
and we continue to see people sliding
from outside the labor force to in it as
jobs are given out to people I think the
major problem here is wages are so
suppressed and the income distribution
is so out of whack and all go into the
very top that we're not seeing the same
kind of inflationary demand that we
would normally see with unemployment
rate this low so there's a lot of nuance
to point yeah and and just you can look
at other things - besides employment
which everyone seems to look at you can
look at em - money philosophy right down
at historical lows that this means that
there's less and less transactions in
the economy exactly like you said
aggregate demand is down wages are not
going up they're not keeping up with
things like inflation wait how does it
support job helping the economy though
this sounds like good news
I'm not look I'm saying this it was
happening under Obama - during recovery
I'm not trying to be a [ __ ] boost I'm
just an economic picture how was it
supposed to make me feel better about
you liking Trump
he hasn't done anything to help doesn't
like no I'm saying like the real picture
of the economy they both suck I'm saying
is actually a complicated picture and
everyone's course is trying to score
political points so you look at this
tiny little short-term windows at one
point but the real healthy American
economy is really it's been stagnating
in fact we're looking more like Japan
coming out of it's you know the crashing
and ek where they members had a Lost
Decade well lost decades been thirty
years that's what America is really
headed to we're headed towards a long
period of stagnation with like you know
sub two percent growth for as far as I
can see where you have that damn you
cover that hole and then also in the
spring somewhere else it's like I don't
know there's a lot of different things
that add to it but that's a very simple
way to put like how the economy works
sometimes where you freaking try and put
a little finger here to plug that little
hole and I'll send this whole springs up
with two other ones coming up from
somewhere else like yeah so the next
topic I want to go ahead and jump it's
gonna be climate change actually and and
this is kind of revolving around a
couple other different topics
specifically in recent events in the
context yeah about Greta Bundaberg and
basically like thought it was June Berg
okay we make sure that we talk about how
elizabeth warren fox by the end of this
night yes don't know he's a climate
activists she goes around doing talks
and [ __ ] good for her and so she's been
getting some flack from from
right-wingers and right-wingers but like
Republicans are Trump Trump specifically
as well right so there's been some shade
thrown towards her and shed she's she's
quipped back at some of the some of the
criticisms that she's got and I think
you guys some of those articles relating
to that and then we well I guess we
could just talk about Greta for a minute
and then we'll talk about the next one
as well so like yeah I don't know like
we all right so it's a good rhetoric but
the [ __ ] teenagers ever say about
anything [ __ ] I was
IIIi hate that we even have to talk
about Greta thong burg because to me
she's just a representation of like some
sort of like hope that the media is
trying to sell us and like I really
don't I'm not [ __ ] buying it like I
don't know like I don't really think her
going around and having these talks to
rooms of rich people is really gonna
change anything at the end of the day
right it probably plays well with people
that watch the news you see a kid crying
about it she's but she's a kid on this
planet who is not stupid and sees what's
going on and she's I think she doesn't
give up but why go to school there is no
[ __ ] future if no one do cuz we at
the time the act is now and it's been
it's been long past so why does it keep
eyes on her pointy valid I don't know I
feel like they should have children
instead of having just the argument I
mean okay okay you mean like ben shapiro
who is a big child progeny [ __ ] and
now we have to hear about how he's the
smartest man in the world because his
daddy posts a lot on youtube and spends
two hundred thousand dollars a year all
these the right we'll put all these
[ __ ] kids up saying look at how
they're saying these right-wing talking
points like ben shapiro who eventually
became what he is today and then
somebody on the left as somebody on the
left does something earnestly like the
kids from parkland who literally watched
their classmates get gunned down and so
they advocate for gun control and they
get attacked or Greta is reading the
IPCC reports and correctly deducing wow
if we're on the same track it seems like
we're in a crisis moment I look around
and none of the adults are acting like
it's a crisis and she decides to lead
her own consciousness-raising effort to
get people to take this issue seriously
I don't know about you but we're not
doing enough for climate change yet so
anybody who's out there advocating for
change and advocating to make this issue
more important is doing God's work and
you know what that's that's what I want
to see so like when these right-wingers
attack her it's because they're pieces
of [ __ ] like
boom they are very strangely mad you're
saying I don't like you the way you're
saying it it's always like really nasty
stuff oh yeah and they always use this
because she has autism and I think like
OCD or something it's always like you're
putting a mentally ill person you you
you you you exploiting her for like [ __ ]
off like she it was worse than that they
called her mentally ill like her
position was based on her mental illness
exactly that's that's what it is it's
like people with Asperger's the knocd
have Kirby correct and I don't and I
don't think the fact that she's a
teenager has much to do with the
validity of the things she's saying
that's that I totally understand why
like people would have the initial
reaction to hand-wave a teenager but at
the same time like you could take that
to the kids it's a genetic fallacy is is
to say like what she's saying is
something I can hand wave because of who
she is it's it's not correct so if she's
issued like if Donald Trump comes out
tomorrow and says correct things about
climate change they're still correct
like it doesn't Donald Trump were to
come out and say correct things about
climate I would actually rethink my
position on climate the mean but the
truth is like Donald Trump doesn't have
the ability to cognitively process
something like global warming so he
wouldn't come out it's about their
George Bush who knows not only but also
the a lot of the criticisms that were
being thrown around at least that I saw
on Twitter we're basically people trying
to compare her to Nazi youth and oh yeah
by like saying like with the pigtails
and all that [ __ ] right sort of European
accent and it's it's really easy to fall
into [ __ ] Godwin's law all the time
because they're [ __ ] hacks that's
pretty much it they're just they're just
lazy hacks that's all it is it's Paul
Joseph Watson s critique it's [ __ ]
and you start with Dinesh D'Souza who I
think was the first big conservative guy
to do that
kind of stuff I'm you know yeah when in
his actual words were he was critiquing
the visualization and the same thing
that I actually said earlier and that is
the seemingly weaponization of the the
children and that's what he was
comparing it to I haven't from what I've
listened to none of them or at least the
conservative people that I listen to
none of them attacked her it was more
attacking the left on
why why why why do you use her because
if we attack what she says then suddenly
we're attacking a child whereas instead
of instead of other other topics but I
don't to me to me it's it I don't care
well I mean obviously you're skeptical
of climate change as a conservative so
why don't you give us the fact paste the
fact-based rationale for disputing
climate change and do the job that
people should do leave Greta aside and
just tell us why climate change is wrong
the theories have a debate on climate
change we can do that not tonight
because I'm not I'm not prepared for
that not something that I've studied way
do you have a position a position I do
do I have a position on climate change
yeah it's a very it's a very simple but
yet uneducated one okay what is it which
which would mean therefore for me to
give it and then be made fun of for me
giving it so it's the long it's the
wrong that's okay what's fair you've
already told me I'm wrong and Avenue
makes you said I would make fun of you
so I assume you disagree with us that
you think that manmade climate change is
a problem so that's fine I mean okay
what's fair is think I think I don't
think it's that the extent of what the
at the extent of like being completely
reversible like we were already doing a
lot of stuff already to cut down what
saving tree is like which one of the
IPCC let me ask you a question which one
of the IPCC paths do you think we are on
the high emissions path of the median
missions path or the low emissions path
and what do you think the outcomes are
going to be depending upon which path
what is your level of confidence on each
project
that you're making and what is your like
tell me more about why you think the
IPCC is wrong please I know what the
frickin IPCC is I didn't want to give my
opinion because you want to get into
specifics and my do I think a minute
change do I think climate change is
happening yes do I think some of it do I
think it's natural I oh I think it's
natural do I think some of it can be
influenced by human interference I also
believe do I know are you for technology
that helps this problem Mike
Mike you're wanting technology that
helps the reverses problem or make it
stop where it's at
correct yeah or we at a point where we
need to actually do something to reverse
what's going on I'd say right now we're
on the path of extreme danger and we've
got to rapidly begin to decarbonize
their economy yes that's what I like
getting rid of like fossil fuels and
stuff like that right moving towards
soon as practicable let's not be hasty
here guys there's jobs and further you
could you could sell [ __ ] panels you
could become an environmental defense
lawyer but the problem is that like well
but the problem here is that Mike
doesn't know how to communicate with
Republicans okay let me say this and
where you'll understand it okay if we
continue on our current trajectory on
the worst IPCC trajectories for climate
change even if you live in the middle of
the United States they're gonna be a
whole lot more Brown people living next
to you holy [ __ ] just imagine how
[ __ ] horrible that's gonna be cuz
they're gonna move all in from
California all from Florida they're all
gonna go to the middle and you're gonna
right next to you
down the streets gonna be taco truck
Pablo and [ __ ] Cuban Castro is gonna
be your [ __ ] next-door neighbor you
trust me this is a disaster scenario all
the Republicans should be trying to
avoid
I gotta get this Duncan if it was off
stream he would really know how to talk
to the Republicans you got him so so
also you got to worry about climate
refugees in general we know you don't
like people speaking the hibbity bibbity
languages near yet and they have when
they're in America so like I mean like
you're gonna have a lot of problems
regardless but not just that you know
you're gonna have you're gonna have
issues with being able to get some of
the things that you like to eat like an
avocado wait that's us like bacon
because a lot of our production comes
from you know not America like there's I
mean there's tons of stuff the
salination of water you're gonna have to
start taking fresh water and moving it
to the coast I mean you're gonna have a
lot of [ __ ] problems because of this
if you don't address it and from a
capitalist perspective assuming assuming
that you're conservative and capitalist
you would like a situation in which that
you could you could have a planet that
you could extract the most income from
the most capital from and in a situation
like this when there's climate issues
literally across the planet you're going
to lose money on this bet if you don't
address it and that should be the
argument that they're making to get
Republicans to [ __ ] fund this thing
is you hey you're gonna go [ __ ] broke
if you don't you say when you say fund
this thing are we talking about
something like the new Green Deal Green
Deal I don't care what it is as long as
even if we are talking about the new
Green Deal like what would you say green
New Deal green new do sorry yep talk the
green the green New Deal is a way to
make our economy some socialist [ __ ]
[ __ ] [ __ ] all that [ __ ] again we're
coming for your money argument against
that because because climate change the
whole idea of climate change has been
hopped up to be this thing this push for
the green New Deal or things like that
of a few you can turn down that proposal
we could talk about something [ __ ]
else you guys have been denying this
[ __ ] for yeah that's that's totally
[ __ ] Trump has been talking about
how climate change is fake and
Republicans been clapping along way
before aoc into Congress okay
there's nothing to do with the green new
deal can I talk about Gore's [ __ ] of
shitty movie so here's here's what we're
facing we're facing an existential
threat to the planet that could totally
disrupt our society there's projections
that say I'm a billion climate refugees
by 2050 on the high end it will be brown
people just toss that out there and so
[ __ ] racist you maybe these maybe
these guys aren't racist I don't think
Ferris is racist and I don't know a lot
about toaster but you don't come across
as that racist but like a lot of
Republicans a lot of Republicans are
[ __ ] racist dude like a lot of like
where's the most Republicans not in the
[ __ ] left well Republicans I said I
use Republicans as just racism so we're
the most racist not in the left mostly
on the right so let's be real like that
isn't a thing right and all memes aside
like you will have more [ __ ] brown
people here imagine the [ __ ] imagine
[ __ ] 150 years from now when half the
planet is [ __ ] flooded all the
political comments of like that they'll
be writing with like the Trump wall and
all the Mexicans are just swimming over
it [ __ ] aquarium talk about the money
that's gonna have to be spent to deal
with things like rising sea levels no
matter that is the cause but Jake
already made that argument that we're
talking about tens of trillions of
dollars of lost GDP bite you know mm you
know the Edit the next century but who
cares about that that's a ridiculous I
love you my Republican the Republicans
really honest question because like like
Mike asked me Mike you asked me a
question earlier in asked I said I'd I
really don't know because I haven't
studied into it in order to actually be
able to debate it all right but one of
my actual questions is one of the like
on the one of conservative reports or
whatever when they talk about for
example let's say that we actually voted
in the green new deal and we actually
followed what it what it said
did that according to the reports that
for example that the Conservatives push
we would change we would change
everything over the next hundred years
by like two degrees so that two degrees
that people talk about Republican brain
so let me just say one thing two degrees
centigrade now go into Google and Google
what two degrees centigrade means you
[ __ ] even that two degrees that's
like now all average surface temperature
so that two degrees is gonna be spreaded
a lot differently firstly just a little
bit of warming can be enough to
dramatically change the surface the the
amount of water on the planet right
because you melt a few icebergs and [ __ ]
gets flooded firstly secondly even if
it's a two degree change in average
surface temperatures it's gonna be a lot
higher like in equatorial regions right
or in different areas where the
temperatures already high which could
push like some zones to becoming
inhabitable and even a few degrees
difference might make it so that certain
crops are much harder to harvest so like
just trying to downplay it by saying a
two degree average temperature change
like you know like two degrees might not
sound like much but you know like like
it can be if your beer yep
face good at two degrees less this is
[ __ ] over Equatorial Africa right now
and it's not a big problem I mean the
real question is I want to pay for it
now while you can ameliorate some damage
or do you want to pay for it down the
line where you're basically trying to
salvage scraps and the farther we kick
the can down the road the less and less
there's gonna be any role for market
driven solutions for this kind of stuff
right you're not just point it's gonna
have to be some kind of ridiculous
central planning if you just don't do
anything about it now while we've still
got markets and the ability to maybe we
should let it go now I'm just a little
bit just say what they like there is
that I'm just kidding the two degrees
see that's the low projection that's the
if everything goes right projection we
are definitely on the path of an eighth
degree possible that's within the realm
of possibility that he'll world of an
eight degrees C is well within the realm
of on
certainty right now and so when you you
just blindly assume the best case
scenario you're risking the entire
planet for what we have the alternatives
here like and and I'll give you an
analogy in World War two Great Britain
went up to three hundred percent of debt
to GDP ratio and you know what happened
they had to win the war
and once they won the war they paid the
debt back that is the way we have to
approach climate change is we have to
spend the resources we have to borrow
the money now we make the transition and
then then we have solved this problem
for a dude how we gonna pay for there is
no I killer step in so you're right
about England right like they didn't say
oh my god we spent five percent GDP
that's it we have to surrender doesn't
work like that
United States government can buy
whatever is for sale in this economy
with whatever amount of money there is
no debt ceiling there is no going
bankrupt the United States government is
the only is a sovereign creator of this
currency you do not to borrow US dollars
from China because China does not make
US dollars well like because the problem
is is much bigger than even everyone
here is talking about like we're already
beyond the market solutions or beyond
that [ __ ] three feet in C feet and
sea-level rise
you gonna have 20 million climb refugees
just from Bangladesh okay where are they
gonna go okay destiny actually brought
this up earlier a few a few more degrees
heat wave of heat even in the Midwest in
America you're gonna have massive
droughts you have crops dying in a field
the nighttime temperatures are gonna be
too hot to even grow anything so you
better pray to God that Moss Anna's got
a key resistant crop going there cuz so
the point is there is no limit to pay
for whatever the [ __ ] green new thing
that we're gonna have there is no
[ __ ] limit except for inflation there
is a real resource constraint yes but
there is no like the America is gonna go
back up you're going to our credit or
something that's policy parties do great
New Deal which if everybody here except
for me apparently a numark things is too
expensive it's only like 15 trillion now
15 trillion is a lot but that would take
our debt to GDP is your GDP ratio from
100% to 200% which is on the higher
range I'm not denying that if we if we
raise no new
with taxes and you know what that has
been survived by many other countries in
the past and they paid those debts down
we could we could pay for it by taxing
carbon for as an example there are ways
to do this
the problem is surprisingly not as hard
as people make it out to be it's just
the political will has to be there and
we can ameliorate a lot of other social
problems at the same time which is
useful
right because fossil fuels the wealth
tends to go all to the mine owners and
the capital owners whereas with
renewable energy that's a lot more
resource a labor intensive excuse me
energy source which means a lot more of
the money that's generated from solar
panels goes to workers maintaining them
so it actually lowers inequality as well
that's why we have an opportunity to do
a lot of things at once to make the
society more just economically socially
as well as addressing an existential
threat that my promising how do you feel
about nuclear power
I made a question that was my next
question I mean I eyed sanity you know
and Klein you crazy but I don't know how
we get there with that nuclear power I
mean I live you know a you know an hour
from Three Mile Island so as somebody
who recognizes that there is a
possibility of a huge damaging threat
like you know I'm sure all of you have
watched Chernobyl and seen what can
happen when communist controlled nuclear
power plants amen I mean we did it we
had this we had the same problems my
dude authoritarian cover up but yeah Oh
phoo cushaw Fukushima is like just
happened in Japan as an American reactor
like these type of incidents are not
controllable now that said that was a
climate disaster by the way that wasn't
well I mean the possibility but but but
here's the thing like I I am NOT someone
who would dismantle nuclear power first
like Mike Merkel did and Germany and I
think that was a disastrous move I think
that it should be part of the mix we
should get to carbon neutrality and an
energy generation as quickly as we can
and and if nuclear is part of that you
know I'm fine with that
that's my personal opinion I tend to
believe that if you look at the
economics behind renewable energy
they're very competitive
now with something like nuclear so we
should we should focus on developing
those resources which in America lucky
for us we have an abundance of all
resources including renewable so we just
have to execute the plan there are other
places in the world where it's more
difficult but here we have that
opportunity so that's what I would
advise a difference but I mean you need
it just the reason that I bring it up is
I don't think you can get away from from
nuclear to some degree because as far as
I can tell us the only form of 100%
carbon neutral base load energy that
works all the time right up doesn't
depend on on environmental circumstance
and so I just I don't think there's a
way around I think we Double Down also
Ashima was a Fukushima was a huge [ __ ]
and planning but only one person there
actually died from radiation
I don't did anybody die for the
three-mile [ __ ] bike you should know you
lived there okay so these were nut
neither of these were on the level of
Chernobyl okay that characterization is
not accurate that's because final
failsafe like they like that's that's
one of those things where it's like a
thin concrete wall prevents catastrophe
and pretending and then being blase
about it is pretty ridiculous blase
about it but even when the horn just
wasn't I was taking issue you comparing
it to Chernobyl which was not fair okay
sorry I'm done so yeah so from what I've
seen they said if in order for the world
to be carbon neutral through nuclear
power you have to be building one
nuclear power plant per day and
decommissioning one fossil fuel
equivalent plant per day to get to hit
the target by 2050 all right now we've
already seen that nuclear power takes a
long time for various reasons but the
important part is it doesn't you said
like it's not really like there's a true
noble style event that happens all the
time
but we do have to be careful where we
actually place these plants they usually
ought to be in your sources of water
well and global warming what's gonna be
changing well water distribution so we
have to look at where they're gonna be
second off and well you could I guess if
you had special corrosive resistant
metals but saltwater is extremely cool
so let's say we start doing more nuclear
the United States well Mike you've been
on the roads in Pennsylvania right would
you want a tractor-trailer full or full
of nuclear waste from New Jersey on its
way
Yucca Mountain we're gonna go in turn
all the nuclear waste would you want
that on the roads the way they are here
I mean like I mean like listen that's
you know I know what you're saying and
the nuclear disaster isn't just an
explosion it's also we're gonna put the
waste is the waste properly stored oh
they're gonna be active so there's other
things you have factored into that are a
part of the risk evaluation I was
reading our article just the other day
and they talked about every single bit
of nuclear waste that we've had ever
since we've done anything with nuclear
and it was not even enough to fill a
football field 10 yard even like it's
not a lot like considering as much at
power as we produce with nuclear there's
far less waste from nuclear well sure
but if we switch the nation over to it
right and be like in comparison to what
to the to the to what you get to the
ecological effect and the waste effect
of your solar and your wind it's it's
not very much at all to me and and to me
it's like anytime we talk about this I
think that we should be pushing for a
new you know we should be pushing for
this type of energy it's just how we get
there and how quick how hard we push it
because all of these things any type of
technology has to have time to develop
and the question that I would have the
bigger question that I have is how much
is the government like any other
technology that we've had synced since
all the way back to the 30s is the
government spoon-feeding us on even this
type of technology does the government
have something else because the
government develops all types of
technology that we don't get to years
and years later are you saying are you
asking if they've got some kind of
secret I would be curious to know what
they're okay I feel like so I feel like
energy independence is actually like a
matter could be a matter of like
national security so if the girl ready
had so if the government had some type
of secret nuclear reactors [ __ ] that
could power a lot of stuff that would
probably be something that America would
be utilizing on a much larger level
already that would be my guess I would
tend to agree as well I was just a
question well I didn't I just want to be
clear I didn't bring up nuclear power to
shoot down renewables or anything it's
just that I mean at a certain point
renewables are great to take care of
peak and and to peak demand to take care
of energy when the sun's shining the
winds blown but I just don't see a way
around something the
nuclear energy to serve there as your
backup or as your base load energy I'm
just there's no way around it well I
think that it's like you can short like
nuclear uranium enjoys a very high
density of like energy like you put a
lot of uh yeah we can it's very dense
compared like whole giant square mileage
of soil of solar panels I would say like
we should be exploring every single
possible option at all points exhaust
like literally the the we should be
running gigantic deficits because it's
not just the energy production we have
to do we have to transform the
agricultural sector this is literally
have to rethink how we even grow food it
is a global it's not just America it's a
global thing and it's gonna require it
to be serious about it it's gonna
require essentially some kind of
revolution with the way we even live but
like do you think because you said it's
gonna require a global effort do you
think we'll ever get to that point where
even if we are the leaders we do
everything that we need to do like do
you think people will follow us and in
that suit with the remaining human
civilization of 10,000 people we will
succeed well I mean I do I do need to
push back against a couple of the claims
that were made like the baseline power
thing we there's plenty of ways to do it
like you know for example we can do
hydro storage we you know hydroelectric
plants are used as baselines over the
world we have energy storage stuff now
you're talking about an economic
calculation problem like what is the
what's the cost benefits what's the most
efficient and that's important it is I
don't want to waste money for no reason
I'm not I'm not a crazy but like I don't
think it's really an impediment to a lot
of the easy gains we can make
immediately right like there's plenty of
territory where we could put solar
panels and transition very rapidly to
highly cost-effective solar energy wind
energy and then when we get down to that
last thorny 20% that you're talking
about maybe we can we could discuss how
we flex it that way or the other
so like that the idea that we should
pause until we figure out 100 percent is
just a delaying tactic of the fossil
fuel industry no no no I'm not saying
pause I that was a nice way to tie it
back in I appreciate that same pause I'm
bringing up he is right now
my beloved match
gasps is about 60% of us electricity
generation I believe roughly 50 to 60 so
I mean you know you've got a you've got
to replace that in some way and you
can't get all of that just with with
traditional wind and solar will they
guess to saying do nothing and enjoy I
think natural gas is making some good
progress gives off coal we're gonna have
to get off this little bit misleading
note because fracking itself is actually
overtaking bio bio created methane
production in the atmosphere so memory
yo Cal's fart and they belch or whatever
them so sure you'll get carbon 13 which
is an isotope which from methane it's
it's 60 times worse than co2 and we've
seen exploding increases of it over the
past 10-15 years through the
administration into the Trump
administration and now methane is it's
probably the worst thing you could have
up air in the atmosphere and fracking is
a huge story but you're killing the
earth Bastion no no well it depends on
how it's done I mean if you have
regulations in place to seal up some of
those methane leaks which I acknowledge
you're a big problem not just in the
fracking ban and the transportation of
gas through pipelines yeah I mean that's
important and administration is team
generally declines in carbon emissions
despite doing nothing and a policy level
almost nothing but to promote that I
mean is chiefly due to the advantages of
natural gas but see Arvind it would be
better off to actually just head it off
the problem to begin with like the the
the fracking wells last what six years
72 month or something at most and you
see all the production jobs off after
two years and then all you're left with
is a bunch of pawns of polluted water
well it's very hard to sue people who
owns the rig's who owns the company that
owns the rig's that how many levels of
subcontractors are there in this
industry it's very hard to get a legal
culpability
it's not good for the environment it's
very difficult like it's I think it
should be it should have always been
avoided and this is even I think there's
even more evidence now shut this [ __ ]
down so a waste of capital it's not even
a good idea I mean I for what it's worth
I mean I'm with you on getting away from
it but I mean you are left with more
than just the pollution you're left with
all the energy generated in the process
of it I mean so it's not you know point
was waste of capital didn't people don't
have water I have a family lives might
spread because it's efficient but that
people who live in Marcellus Shale area
in Pennsylvania who don't have drinkable
water all right like they do can I've
been there
and and here's the thing about about the
fracking industry this is a discussion
that destiny I had on my youtube-channel
Central Committee when we talked about
Andrew Weil Andrew Miller was a former
coal obvious he was appointed to head
the EPA one of the things that they're
rolling back is regulations on on
methane and methane leaks yeah
ExxonMobil and Shell both opposed the
Trump administration's efforts to
rollback controls on these emissions
that's how radical right-wing Trump is
and an Andrew wheeler are and so all
those gains in carbon that you're
talking about as a you know natural
gases of ridicule are being undone you
ride these my the of course I'm right
are being repealed by these repealed
regulations and the risk of increased
leaks now listen I'm not saying I'm not
a crazy person who thinks we could just
turn off fossil fuels tomorrow and
everything will be fine we have to make
an exhibition and prudent shift because
I don't want to see working-class people
lives hard I don't want to see a
decrease in our standard of living I
would like to see this stuff done as
quickly and as organized as possible but
the problem is the longer we wait yeah
they more likely it is that we're gonna
have massive disruptions in energy or
we're gonna have big declines in
standards of living so that's what I
want to see and why it's so important
that we do it quickly and we do it I
raise it up because of that standard of
living issue that you you mentioned me I
just feel like ultimately if we if we
endanger that needlessly then the the
support for these programs just trying
to I just point out the toaster drinking
boomer juice right now hold it up white
monster Jesus it's that blue bird juicer
is that Zoomer juice but I mean hold on
do you have a monster tattoo on the back
of your neck can you
last little meme about this climate
change thing so there was recently a
like ALC was doing a town hall and
apparently sweetie stood up and and kind
of kind of trolled I guess she's she
heckled and said that she basically
yelled that Americans should eat babies
and bomb Russia to reduce carbon
emissions and fight climate change so I
guess the mean question is do you guys
think that AOC should eat babies to
fight climate change
hey you'll see personally should not eat
babies but us as Americans should do our
duty to eat babies a bunch of bullcrap
that person was there with alinsky
tactics to to make a or C look like a
whack job
well I uses thermal in ski tactics to
describe what I mean and I agree those
are arguably but to describe what was
ultimately the project of a pro Trump
organization that's what I agree I mean
it's still it's still wrong regardless
of how they stand and they're a bunch of
wackos I mean if you looked it up what
do they say there was like a political
cult is what it is it's like some
ridiculous far like alright group all
right is this these the reptilian guys
ripped or is this something else are
they the reptilian believers or which
ones yeah okay well first of all I mean
I don't know if there's much to talk
about here it's a crazy person if you
look at AOC she's obviously frightened
but this person's gonna [ __ ] like
spring on her so I don't know what to
say well well I'll say this because
because because I'll say this because I
was very frustrated with the
conservative side on this and that was
and even with with with flipping Trump's
son and even Trump retweeting it and
that was the the jumping on that some
conservatives did as if you know what
AOC should have shut that down and a or
C was clearly disturbed by what this
woman was saying and so I found that
disingenuous and and to me that is where
like I said earlier I do try to be
there I to be fair I was very frustrated
with some conservatives that did not
that did not treat this as if it was a
whack job they treated it as if a OC
should have done something different
wasn't it
Trump tweeted like it looks like a
normal a OC his son tweeted that and he
retweeted it yeah but like that damn
Twitter account up again I watched a few
you know right-wing YouTube
grifters talking about this like oh it
was a brilliant troll because I think it
was [ __ ] Dave Cullen or someone like
that it was a brilliant troll because
that one scientist said that we should
consider eating human meat to fight
climate change when that was also a
[ __ ] thing he did he's not an actual
scientist of like biology or climatology
he was a scientist of [ __ ] PR like
his doctorate was in public relations so
like like yeah this is this is this is
[ __ ] I don't know I don't know how
it's so easy to like bait right wing
people with this kind of stuff I'm glad
it doesn't seem like toaster was baited
by this Ferris rebated I was pissed when
I found I was fake no I'm just kidding
brain I was joking let me say some else
real quick I haven't said a lot of [ __ ]
tonight because I'm an idiot apparently
I should never come back with a prick no
you should definitely come back no so so
the other thing that kind of stuck out
from this was that stupid like climate
change rally that that was fake from
that 4/20 rally they said Oh climate
change and Austin they left although
they're their mess there it was like a
UK protest or something like that
I guess recall that at all the fake
picture that came out that said hey look
at this climate change rally that left a
place trash but actually it was a weed
rally yeah yeah like hell they're just
spending that I just think [ __ ]
Stoney's like if you're right why do you
gotta lie about stuff right like I'm in
racks
so weird having it's so weird have
always seems to happen right so we're
pretty weird pretty [ __ ] weird so I
don't know like so to me this kind of
came off as like somebody cuz I I've
seen a lot of Lee anti-natal list or
like maybe borderline eco fascist kind
of say the same thing it's like the only
way to deal with climate change is like
literally like killing off the
population I don't know that's what they
did in Final Fantasy 7 hell yeah dude
well I mean like what do you think is
going on with fan DOS it's creating this
idea making it acceptable in the
public's mind the deep state is at it
again
this is agenda 21 this is some Glenn
Beck [ __ ] ready man I don't I'm
imagining Trump with the Infinity stones
right now oh [ __ ] so eco fascism is a
huge threat it's already been announced
that one shooting whoever the crazy guy
wasn't I'll pass who already wrote
manifestos on this is already a thing
it's already a some when we say huge
threat can we quantify so when we get to
the near future and there's huge
movements of people I'm talking 20 30 40
years okay they're gonna be huge massive
movements of people they're gonna be
people from poor countries in the places
like America or you're in and you know
European countries or slightly better
shot slightly better Asian countries
that aren't like say Bangladesh so
you're gonna have the pressure on all
types of governments all around the
world that somehow accommodate people
that they may hate I used the the the
the example of Bangladesh because that's
a majority Muslim country where all
those refugees can link up what they go
into India well the Indians don't have a
great track record on how they integrate
Muslims into their society neither does
my and Mar they just had their the
cleansing of Rohingya Muslims right so
what I'm saying is when people come here
they were already putting them to like
different kinds of camps and shitty like
holding centers you know the refugees in
America can I put like six weeks where
it's here to cool this or is this never
gonna work is this like a failed plan
there is no way of getting around that
we're gonna have to look lower living
standard
we're gonna have to and it's not a
politically viable message this is the
problem no Canada can see it there hey
everyone you're actually gonna have less
things and you're you know descendants
that right you actually gonna have less
it's hard to do it but that's the truth
like we're using we're consuming too
many Earth's as a species on this planet
we're consuming like there's 20 billion
people that's how many resources were
consuming so the only way we realistic
approach here if we really wanna try to
head this off is to stop lying pretend
like 20% carbon tax is gonna do anything
you do want to eat the babies yeah are
you saying like we're running out of
resources or what are you what are you
saying when you say we're consuming
multiple planets I'm saying we're
literally like the United States is what
five to ten percent of the world
population and consumes 25% of the
resources of the world yeah how is that
sustainable
like what are we running out of though I
mean the problem is that we're using too
much there's like too much there to
mobile fuels to use right fresh water
arable farm I need my cheap goods from
China how's he gonna get that cheap
looking beanie well like like part okay
I hear what you're saying but I also
think there are ways of developing kind
of these closed circle resource loops
where we are able to claim more of our
waste and we reduce for example stuff
like food waste water waste
you know recycling higher percentage of
metals which I think we already do a
pretty good job with that so like I hear
what you're saying as far as like
consumption but there's there's ways of
gaining efficiency right and
redistributing that that a consumption
to do it in a way that is more equitable
so the average person will see their
standard of living rise well also at the
same time like reducing the amount of
resources consumed
well well thing is we're always gonna be
taking a loss somewhere we cannot break
the laws of thermodynamics there's no
perpetual motion machine so let's say
look at the phoque we have a humongous
nuclear thermonuclear reaction happening
you know 93 million miles away that
again the last for two billion you agree
though that we should good yes we should
be harnessing we should be harnessing
renewable energies I'm totally with you
on that I'm just saying like if you look
at like how farmers operate like you're
always trying to increase yield which
means you're always trying to get you
know crops or increased yield and you're
using pesticides with them well of
course more food more production you can
redistribute however you want to but
guess what you're also killing off the
environment pesticides are dropping
insect populations polluting water
systems destroying the land itself you
have a bird populations are down 30% in
North America for the past 40 years
clearly like we're missing 3 billion
birds just regular ass-fucking like
robins Cardinals whatever that's
happening right now so it's not just
about gaining efficiency it's how we
actually go out gain efficiency you're
gonna have to give up no I I guess I'll
be the optimist and you could be the
dimmer because like half of our food is
wasted and we could really reduce that
significantly we could like a lot of the
stuff like the bird population or the
colony collapse disorder is related to
certain specific insecticides and
pesticides and certain land management
policies that we have well there are
alternatives that don't do that now
they're slightly more expensive which is
explains why we don't do them but we
could presumably mandate that regulate
those and provide for a sustainable
planet
now maybe you're right that it's just
human civilization is a blip that's
eventually gonna burn itself out or
whatever but I I you know maybe I'm just
a hopeless optimist and I see like a
path forward where we could do this we
just have to exercise that will right
away and I'm with you I recognize the
threat I take everything you're saying
very seriously as something that is
going to be impacting all of us during
our lives but I do think we can we can
yeah I'm not saying don't do anything
I'm just saying like it's hey we're
kidding ourselves if we're thinking that
just a tweak here tweak there it's it's
a computer systemic foundational
ground-up changer is no way around this
yes I can I felt the nature of human
beings though it's gonna take like huge
catastrophe to get us to that point
probably forcing our hand and so far as
like consumption is concerned I just
don't feel like the average person is
willing to make you know the sacrifices
it takes to do these things I don't know
of course Jake you're right if we if we
set up a system that requires personal
sacrifice its doomed to fail yeah but we
have we have power to control the
structures if we slowly you know we're
talking about programs to you know
basically higher taxes and
electrification of things like
transportation but I mean we're not I
guess that doesn't feel like a
fundamental change of like society it's
just
technological upgrade yeah maybe I
thought if we stop consuming all this
energy playing World of Warcraft
I mean don't remind me okay as far as
like renewable energy no this afraid
lithium batteries is like the only thing
we have as of right now for more
portable battery type stuff is that
mostly true or my energy yes sodium ions
and lithium sulfur and solid-state
batteries but I mean as far as like yeah
so the lithium batteries are just is
that what they're also using them like
these eco-friendly cars and Tesla's and
stuff like that or I believe so yeah and
those aren't very easily - yeah so I
mean even I don't know and that's the
scary thing you have this to push back
on that there are ways to recycle it
again it's just an economic question
where it's like slightly more expensive
than making a new one so we just make a
new one but if you adjust it a little
bit or you incentivize recycling like
you could recycle 99.5% of the lithium
from a spent battery like it's it's a
it's very much a plausible thing that we
could do we just are not incentivizing
that because god damn it corporate
profits must be maximized and the extent
expense of everything else Hey
have you had a drink out of a paper
straw this is what this is why the MMT
thing is so important because the the rd
is something that the government can
sustain okay so we can pay for as much
as we need trillions we can do that the
money is here it's always gonna be here
so we can you get as many research
departments as you want working on very
different goals trying to set things up
it's how America has always done it we
don't do the whole command economy thing
when we built the interstates it wasn't
a bunch of government workers and blue
overalls we subcontract it out so that
the private sector is not gonna save us
it's gonna be up to us to put enough
pressure on this political establishment
to be able to actually do the changes
that we need money is no object it is a
blank cheque when it comes to climate
change there is no way around this
that's that's why I'm gonna contend I
wanted to go ahead and
destiny cuz I know when Nate brought
this up about the Eco fascist and saying
that there like a threat and whatnot you
kind of said like well can we quantify
this whole I want to ask you like do you
think that it is a threat or not and
also what do you think about like the
the MMT argument because I think it
seems to me that like you're a little
bit like put off by it the MMT argument
for like how to fund climate change me I
mean for the climate change is a couple
things going on first of all I don't
think eco fascism is a threat right now
maybe it's could be at some point but I
don't think that like people are like
killing each other in mass over-over
ecological issues yet or at least I
haven't heard of it happening too much I
do think that we might have to contend
with the idea some people like it seems
like mike is of the mind that we can
like innovate our way out of the climate
change problem it is entirely possible
that in order to solve climate change or
to move things back if it's even still
possible that it will actually require
like a significant change in how we live
that maybe we can't consume the same way
that we are like maybe we do have to
make significant changes there even if
every car was electric like that that
might be something that you know people
should be ready to deal with so yeah
wait what was the other part of it and -
oh I mean like I don't I don't know like
some claims that mmt people make seem
reasonable so I guess like what the
actual professors say as opposed to the
people on the internet well I don't know
there aren't very many actual professors
that seriously contend with MT that's
the problem it's like a couple ran sure
the fact that you know her name is she's
probably one of three that actually like
seriously like push it I mean Randall
ray bill Mitchell's
so like as far as like can we print a
lot of money in the United States to
solve like certain issues like I'm sure
that's fine
actually we're doing right now like with
the Trump tax cut we print a trillion
dollars for no reason is that hurting us
so not yet that's why the interest rates
remain low I guess like it's hard to
separate out like the reality of mmt
that people actually purport versus like
the fantasy of mmt that people talk
about on the internet but like in
Tamara's like you can create like a
trance money to solve like public
problems and as long as inflation
remains low you can continue to do so I
mean obviously I don't disagree with
that that's our current like economic
model so yeah I mean like that's true I
agree with you
may can I ask you an mmt question yeah
alright so go on I I really don't get
about it is I I understand the idea that
you can put money out there in this
system and then the purpose of taxation
apart from any equality purposes is to
rein in inflation right what I don't
understand is I see there's plenty of
political will to print more money I
don't know where the political will
comes comes in then to say after the
fact okay we've got a high taxes purely
for the purpose of controlling inflation
I mean it seems like it'd be real easy
to spend but it'd be real hard to
control inflation even if it would work
as described so I don't know well I
would say that's a little bit of a
nuance when it comes to inflation so
like the other reason Humana taxation
even if it's very low taxation is to
help drive demand for money if you're
paid in a court in America usually
you're paid in US dollars if you have to
pay a fine you have speeding ticket
usually the paying US dollars there's a
lot of things are sort of driving demand
for dollars banks find them amazingly
convenient because it's same thing with
credit card companies in the clearing
houses that they utilize for the payment
system they all these things are very
useful and help contribute to why people
need US dollars as far as printing it
goes inflation is actually a much
trickier thing than economists realize
even people who are you know at that
World Bank or in Federal Reserve by all
their logic you know there should be
tons of inflation right now yet if you
look at the CPI's they're pretty low
well the truth is that there has been
inflation because over the past 10 or 12
years we've been doing quantitative
easing several different rounds of it
were probably it actually stealthily
doing QE 5 right now so they that
they've printed somewhere between or
printed I should say credited to an
account with with reserves because
printing money sounds like actually
printing dollars was just believe that
the money supply an actual paper dollars
and coins is actually at historical lows
all right so what they're doing with
Keeley is just essentially lending banks
to money lending banks money through the
reserve system at almost a zero percent
interest rate they did this up to amount
somewhere we don't know for sure but we
had a look at the feds books 25 trillion
dollars where's the inflation well you
felicia's in the stock market and it's
in housing and of course every American
thinks that's great oh the housing
prices are up that's great um you have
stock prices are up I'm an investor I
got money that's great well all the
inflation went there because the private
banks can only buy assets so they
weren't just lending out the factories
and entrepreneurs and people's good
ideas they're just playing Wall Street
gambling they're lending the apple
apples buying in stocks back and they
also go in financially then we also pay
interest on reserves
like me we do some reserves but all
reserves even so there is a couple of
veils here that they used that these
rituals that like you know the Treasury
the Treasury is forced to do bond sales
by Congress because they don't they
don't wanna they what they think this
makes the monetary system independent
but in reality the Federal Reserve in
the church we have to work together they
always have to accommodate each other if
for whatever reason the Treasury is
trying to make a payment and then the
Federal Reserve sorry about bouncing
their checks the president I don't care
who is will be on first be on the phone
first thing amar say what the [ __ ] you
doing it ain't never gonna happen the
real point of bonds are to drain
reserves they're to drain excess
reserves out of the system because the
Federal Reserve's whole point of
existence is to control monetary policy
they do this with the federal funds rate
the federal funds rate is what's gonna
let them is what the banks lend to each
other at they had to keep in within a
certain parameter or else they're out of
control of the money supply this is what
the whole point of it is money when any
tax it and this is this is part of the
left to everyone gets us wrong you know
even if you wanted to take 99 percent of
jeff bezos as wealth and then we get
give out to the people the government
couldn't do it through federal taxation
all taxation at the federal level the
money is destroyed this is including
Social Security it is literally
destroyed why because money is a
government liability the debt and the
money are inextricably connected when
the government when you when they
receive your money in form of taxes it
nullifies good that it's annihilated so
anytime the government spends it's
always creating new money and if the
government actually did spend from
accounts you would have a runaway money
supply effect it would just keep going
up this is why they have to tax there
are some exceptions to this like TTL
accounts where the government actually
withholds a certain mountain he doesn't
take it out system and this has to do
with collateral reserves in the system
whatever but that's all the operation is
now also has a beneficial side effect of
giving people financial instrument
instrument to invest in so they get a
certain percent return some people
manatee have called this corporate
welfare or so big companies buy
guaranteed returns you think in part
billions of dollars in bonds but also
mom Hobbs that people have 401ks also
benefit from the bonds so there are lots
of different purposes but in terms of
money people saying this government
doesn't have money he's literally a
market Thatcher
slash Ronald Reagan like excuse of why
we can't ever do anything in this
country while education healthcare
it's all excuse to not have to pay well
like they didn't eat they do you want to
be my accountant I try I've spent
hundreds of hours trying to study so
funny cuz like right-wingers will say
for example like we can't afford free
college for all like that would be so
I'll be so expensive it's so ridiculous
and then just this past year we raised
the military budget by eighty billion
dollars which is more than it would cost
to fund the free college program and yet
nobody is screeching about where you get
the money nobody cares
it didn't affect anyone and so it's only
when that money is going to be deployed
to raise the standard of living of
Americans that suddenly we can't afford
it's a big problem they're protecting my
freedom yeah you could afford we can
afford
we could double Social Security payments
probably without affecting inflation too
much in fact you'd rather see some
inflation in the consumer sector with
consumer goods it's below target for
years I know we're getting very
technical yeah this is why the same
thing with minimum wage should be like
twenty five dollars would be something
really high we could do something later
jobs guarantee anyone who wants to work
could work for a we could set the
federal jobs guarantee minimum wage at
twenty five dollars an hour is gonna
push all the wages up in the economy
workers in this country of not out of
raise in 50 years we we are just thing
called capacity utilization United
States is down somewhere near seventy
percent that means any capital that can
produce capital is not being utilized to
give you an example in the 60s before we
started doing globalization and all [ __ ]
we were at ninety percent capacity
utilization so the only constraint here
is the real resources of the economy
that is the real constraint if there's
only a hundred wrenches in the economy
doesn't matter if the government prints
up fifty trillion dollars there's only
one hundred wrenches to buy and that can
drive inflation the only thing tax
policy should be used for is to keep
inflation in check keep prices
predictable and also for political
reason you don't want Jeff Bezos having
billions of dollars because politically
he can buy a democracy this is why you
must limit rich people for having money
has nothing to do with redistributing
wealth at least in our current monetary
system and way accounting works apart
from the jobs guarantee cuz in fact I
definitely if I if we were gonna go with
this world would be great to have a
universal basic income you can really
throttle up and down as you needed to
for the system
but beyond that I guess I just I don't
understand how we're gonna get taxes
through a system where it's acknowledged
I guess by everybody is a matter of
policy that we don't even really need
B's except for the purpose of driving
down inflation it just it feels like if
you if you view them as so kind of
arbitrary it's gonna be harder to raise
them well in good times taxes can be
higher in bad times taxes can be lowered
that the point is that they have to
react to fiscal policy we've been doing
this monetary policy system for the last
30 years it's coincide with neoliberal
takeovers of higher education and
institutions this is why we have a
Orthodox view of economics everywhere
you go even though you have people like
Paul Krugman still believing in things
like loanable funds models which is
literally batshit like literally crazy
so he may be a good guy he's done good
work for loanable funds models [ __ ]
for banking they don't model private
debt you don't care about private that
which is the real driver of bubbles and
booms and busts we should be looking at
the private that right if we want to
actually address what's going on with
Americans lives [ __ ] the national debt
[ __ ] deficits this [ __ ] doesn't matter
his criticism of empty the last thing I
read about him like he kind of argued
that we were already operating in that
world that we do this is some dream that
I had let's play yo [ __ ] world oh you
know the idea guys like now like this is
this is how it works it's just
unfortunately the politicians either
don't know how the system works or do
not care to know and that is what's
holding us back from having health care
having environmental regulations
Riis R&D you name it that is what's
holding this country back so is it like
chat not knowing that they can get a
free sub with their Amazon Prime account
to any one of these channels go to
central underscore committee I could
bring these skills to your channel I
could bring them to your channel just
send them so that I can be a huge party
pooper I have to leave in like six
minutes okay yeah
are you pulling the Michael Brooks right
now are you pulling a Michael that's
Michael Brooks listen you have 30
seconds I want to say thank you guys for
anybody that's stuck it out this long we
have a couple more topics I wanted to
touch on so if anybody's got a dip
that's
really fine it's completely touch on
just to clarify but yeah that's the best
kind of touches dude let's see let's go
ahead let's jump into well I don't know
destiny do you have time for like one
more topic or yeah just hit me up I have
a movie gonna go through two at 10:30 so
it starts to 16 minutes so I got six
minutes
the Joker dude already let's go ahead
and jump to the last topic here real
quick let's talk about Bernie Sanders
and is his heart attack and what that
might mean for his campaign and I yeah
let's just like talk about that for a
little bit so so if you guys didn't know
he basically had a heart problem where
they put in a stent and I guess his
campaign said that he did actually have
a small heart he had a heart attack
we're all so recently there was some
news that Warren recently surged in the
polls about Biden and Bernie still in
third place not doing too well so I
don't know what do you guys think this
means for like the Democratic primaries
I'm gonna go ahead and T this off to
destiny since you got to leave probably
pretty soon yeah I mean this is probably
like a death blow to Bernie's campaign
like he was already like stagnating the
entire nomination cycle and he's been
having a lot of trouble recently as
Warren has been gaining massive ground
and then to have somebody that's already
like pretty old like literally have a
heart attack my call a few days ago I
thought that what would happen was
eventually he would say like hey like
under advise my doctors I've decided to
either turn tone this down a lot or
withdraw completely in support Warren
and I think actually today I think he
released a statement saying he was gonna
dramatically like schedule less events
or something yeah that's a correct you
too much they said they would scale it
back so that he was like doing more than
anyone else but not as crazy and saying
as he was yeah so they're gonna scale
back a lot like I mean like especially
with things like these like he could run
into another problem soon I mean Warren
has been like absolutely blasting ahead
in a second place like yeah I don't know
I think this is a pretty rough one for
the burning campaign it I think he's
having a heart attack obviously it's
just it looks really bad
I mean it's yes Warren's are hitting a
lot of the polls actually what if he
would have had on his channel oh maybe I
could've at least gotten his channel
partner
hey Bernie if you're watching come and
talk to me um yeah I mean if I could if
I could be next like listen uh you know
on the Central Committee stream we are
fact-based here and the truth is like
destinies right that Bernie has pretty
much been just aggravating between 15
and 20 percent in the polls for quite a
while now and Warren has kind of really
consolidated a lot of people like a lot
of people had her as the second choice
and they have since moved to her as
their first choice and so you know
truthfully like she's running on a very
progressive platform she has kind of
triangulated the Democratic Party in a
really effective way
you know she's running on stuff like
Medicare for all a wealth tax big
spending on on a green new deal and so
for someone like me and even it for most
far lefties if you go and look at them
they say they do throw some shade at
Warren but most of them go well I like
her and stuff like that so it's pretty
clear that there's a kind of consensus
forming around her candidacy and listen
I'm a Bernie bro ride-or-die but let's
like face reality here she's doing
really well and unless something changes
for example Bernie wins Iowa as an
example she has got a lot of the
momentum and when you look at somebody
like Kamala Harris
you know she's now this first occur
voters they're second choice
Warren we look at Buddha gave voters
their second choice Warren you look at
Biden voters for a long time their
second choice was Bernie it's now Warren
so like Warren is and this is this is me
talking as a political operative looking
at the facts Warren is the candidate to
beat I think she's a front-runner now I
just saw pull out of Wisconsin today
where she was at 26 Bernie was at 19 and
Biden was at 10 so like I think the
Biden bubble and the centrist fantasy of
Biden is now collapsing totally and so
it's really a race between Warren and
maybe Bernie and the remnants of Biden
we'll see if that how long he holds up
but um you know that second choices are
still split between Warren and Biden so
that it's still a 2-person between Biden
and Warren but Warren has like a pretty
clear advantage I know I mean like yeah
I just think that Warren is like it is
what it is like I I I wish it weren't
this way
and I still think by the way I'm not
calling the race I think that this is
the current state of it and two months
ago war and was down there at fourth so
but the truth is you look at the pattern
and she's the one candidate who is like
can't it consistently growing and she's
the one that the most people are
considering so I but all those facts are
just too strong to deny if it was a
stock you'd buy you'd buy Warren you
would well load right now you can go
look at the plane go to predict whatever
and check those I think she's probably
overbought on something like predict it
like if you're telling me like Mike if
you want to if you want to spend you
want to make a bet Mike put on your
gambler hat I think she's probably
overvalued on something like predicted
but I I think that like the reasons I
just gave you is why I think either way
it's it's a good thing the longer
because I I tend to agree I think I
think Bernie's probably at best third at
this point I think it the longer he
stays in the conversations for the
national debates though the better
because he pushes the conversation left
and I think and I think he also is
really good at taking to task a lot of
the Neo I understand Bernie I mean I
could do more one white Bernie I totally
totally get it but I'm just saying I
think the fact that he's on the national
stage at all
not only does do he and Warren tend to
align a lot and they tend to he wanted
her to run in 2016 I know that's what
I'm saying like I think I think it's a
good thing I think it's a good thing for
both of them especially considering that
Biden is going to be your year you want
to be between the two of them and to
have not but I mean I just disagree with
a given image like Biden is not a
serious candidate I mean he raised like
13 million
he's collapsing in the polls nobody is
passionately a supporter of him he has
5% of people under 50 I don't mean like
he's wanting to be in that he's the
favorite I mean the one to be in fact in
the fact that the other ones have zero
chance
yeah Biden is the one to beat I don't
know what under 50 I don't know why that
polling number is even relevant
I don't know what he's fundraising at
but he's been late a large flutter at
frontrunner for a large portion of its
worth in fundraising and quarter three
like that's terrible
didn't bernie finish first and he had 14
points right now right so clearly the
fundraising isn't telling the full story
right well okay so the fun so the
fundraising isn't running the under
fifty polling matter doesn't matter
because we don't do votes with just
under fifty people okay
no but it's an indicator as a so like
for the Democratic Party this may be
your first presidential election but for
the deficit indicator for if we killed
everybody over fifty how the vote no no
no no no because the Democratic Party
the reason why for example Hillary lost
is she had decreased energy from people
that are under fifty and for the reason
why Barack Obama did so well is young
people were fired up and they showed up
they are they're the type of voter that
either doesn't show up or they vote
Democrat and if you nominate someone
like Joe Biden that would be a deathly
stupid move for the Democratic Party
because he just energizes every [ __ ]
group that we need to turn out so it
talks about corn pop and his corn pops
all right good one okay thanks
my stream died yeah sounds like we've
identified that the universe itself or
what we perceive to be the universe is
not fundamental
