what's up everyone welcome to DT podcast
ultra scuffs it's Justin just just how
you always loved it you know it you know
it episode I think 27 or 28 I'm pretty
sure it's 27 and it might be 28 I never
I never [ __ ] count whatever its gonna
be doing god dammit dude yeah you know
here we are right now doing our thing I
have me destiny right here who is uh
looking absolutely handsome you know his
hair reminds me of Peter Jackson
whenever he won the Oscar for Best
Picture or whenever the third Lord rings
happened is here a little polishing I
mean a hair little you know like he's
been he had been very hard working in
the editing room that night when he
already won the award so you know he's
here right now doing this thing and I'm
sitting here you know hella drip fresh
fresh edge line Bob ready to like you
know vibrated or like surgically implant
some air pods into my into my cranium at
twitchcon cuz I'm looking still got him
fresh right now so we've been over there
we could not be further apart but that's
not that's enough for you though yeah
without the yen there can't be the yang
so we're here doing our thing okay here
doing our thing right now about the yen
there can't be the yang yeah you know do
it imagine if yang oh my god imagine if
he ain't got the [ __ ] nomination and
he was able to find a Chinese dude named
yen [ __ ] nominee as this [ __ ]
vice-presidential guy I'm not oh my god
okay yeah Niang ticket I will think
about that actually
[ __ ] after that be is fun to talk about
actually speculation over like VP
possibilities if we had if we did like a
deep dive and all the candidates that we
give a [ __ ] about I'm kind of wondering
like who would who would each a point if
actually got to that point or in general
like I don't even know like how do most
primary candidates or you know how does
even the VP appointment process even
work honestly like I don't know what
Hillary did to a point Tim Kaine for VP
you back in 2016 I don't know thank you
normally looking to lock up like a state
look like so you pick like a governor or
some [ __ ] or a senator or some [ __ ]
to try to like make sure you secure like
a swing state okay
that may
it's actually gotcha gotcha and where
did Tim King come from it was what
Arizona or like already yeah seems like
he looks like a Connecticut guy to me
about no no you must use wallpapers
generally paper so I don't know like try
to think of like why Hillary picked like
him for example Virginia people are
saying or one person said okay people
say there you go got you appreciate
appreciate a chat thank you
take a second Europe I gotta fix this
thing I have I'll have my Medici my dgg
year is open I do now though yeah now I
really do now
alright so hello do you chat okay um
it's ok what I what I got for you here
what I want to open up with actually I
got to get to the elephant in the room
man so I got I got some topics it for
you they're all fun they're all very
light nothing nothing heavy thinking at
all you can you know you can just keep
your your brain on like 20% CPU usage
and you'll be you'll get through 2 hours
or less very very fine so first thing
first your though really wait where's
the 100 percent topics oh I mean that
would be ok those are talking about
these twitch copyright strikes and and
what the [ __ ] that would require you to
help me figure out what the flux which
is thinking at these times right now
maybe what you thinking anything else
doesn't control who copyright strikes
that's a fair point actually you know I
shouldn't put blame on that that one I
did I was trying to like I was giving
you some improv [ __ ] posting any people
in the spot here so I don't have
anything clever for you I'm sorry ok hit
me let's run them down alright so before
actually go for eat the topics here the
first thing here is like I asked you
about yourself
why are you like why are you on why are
you doing the the Wow the professional
Wow player lifestyle right now your hair
looks like two skunks [ __ ] in a bush
and I don't even know right god I
thought I was going home last night but
I came out and I ended up stay the night
at this place so that's why I'm not 100%
right now ok I had a lot of tequila last
night I'm still recovering all right
that's what's going on right now baby
happy baby is cool and you get to finish
the punch line by the two stunts [ __ ]
your hair and you already you already
hit me with the fist mode chill
when I play new gear right now babe we
we just we just chillin just tubes to
interracial bros bro you're like watch
can you put together Exodia right in
front of me I had to say something okay
now now so I was in your chat earlier
and I was asking them like you know what
was going on where were you at what were
you doing and I apparently I'm at a loop
here I'd love to make some small chat
before we get to all the [ __ ]
what um apparently you were debating a
Christian last night that what happened
although this one I think that it was
off stream they're gonna post a new
channel it's totally boring its dumbest
fun okay guys were like what that was
wondering like why are you why are you
the baton random Christians right now
what the hell like that sounds it sounds
kind of like I'm like that thing a long
time ago world like I figured that like
hey like um I always like give any
random person message just need to like
debate or whatever that I'd always say
yes for other channels and [ __ ] mm-hmm
so you wanted the baby photos actually
it was like really really boring even
though you agreed to it
yeah but I think I have like stopped
I've slowed down on that gotcha
yeah cuz we all know like I don't know
there's gonna be a point where they get
to well I would imagine to being a
Christian I don't know on and I think
all of them are like this here but
generally once you were really admits
one of the bait you are probably like
deep in the kool-aid and they know
they're gonna get to a roadblock of a
unfalsifiable claim to what you just say
well they they will deny that it is such
and you will say well actually it is and
then just kind of hit a roadblock and
then just you know you the hurricane
hits the the giant boulder and then just
nothing happens essentially right uh-huh
so yeah I mean I was fun it's like you
know exactly that happens you ask them
like oh how do you know it's God being
real to you and not like a demon and
they can't answer it and that's like the
whole end of the debate pretty much yeah
pretty much very very fun very
action-packed might as fun as you know
emptying the other side with toothpaste
uh a toothpaste tube essentially you
know very very action-packed okay well
and then obviously you know when I was
in your chat you know they love you so
much obviously the dg2 years they rode
essentially was telling me that
that you debate the Christian and then
then you had to essentially simulate
alcohol poisoning by you know Don's mean
to Kinshasa to could until you
eventually passed out and forgot you
even to the debate and here we are now
oh you woke up several hours later no
actually the debate was this morning
so I woke up this morning to do it oh
okay yeah I like mostly PMS is that some
dedication sir
wait you so you so you so you wake up
but did you forget yet to do it or like
what why no I woke up at 8:45 I set my
alarm I woke up I got out got my laptop
all set up debated a Christian lit okay
I am the dead dedication I love it yeah
any times a good time of debate I love
it okay cool well now we know now I you
know I had the deed you just tell me the
one thing now I know the real story
actually thought when you DM me this
morning that that was like you like
actually kind of got your first here
because I thought that was you being
legit then I thought later on that it
was you just you know drunk-dialing me
you know drug texted me hey I'm awake
baby wait you know WYD what you doing
and now I know it Hines like you
actually were awakened attentive you
know just to the power now I think or
something I don't know whatever whatever
you did between the debate nope I'm
gonna wait but all the time but okay big
chillin big show
I'm here for you one last thing about
the actually so you've been away the
whole time obviously I it seems like you
wanna go back the sleeper it seems like
that you were you're you're a little on
the low energy right now because you're
as soon as my headache goes away I'll be
100 hydration banana all that good [ __ ]
I hear you on that one yeah I want to
get to about this thing that was the
fact that um I've been in your situation
before we're a mic man if I could just
like take like a responsible one hour
maybe hour and a half power nap I would
I could get through today like you know
I mean like if I if I if I could fall
asleep and not oversleep and not feel
like a groggy pile of [ __ ] I can put on
like a solid six out of 10 stream but
right now hi um right now I'm gonna do
like a 3 out of 10 there's just I don't
have I'm out of [ __ ] my my tank full of
bucks is on empty and I don't have any
left to give so I'm just gonna just go
live and just you know
we animal I am ready for you trihex I've
got all the [ __ ] to give for you all
alright okay baby let's what can go then
alright so what are we go with all that
all that that pregame hold out the way
here wake me up with a shocker topic
okay let's go boom alright
soccer talk shop shocker topic here
alright so let's go into probably the
heaviest one I got for you which would
be what do you know about this whole
this new Supreme Court online sales tax
is happening this new ruling here about
did you hear about this about it didn't
it have to do with just like the Supreme
Court making it so that like sales tax
can be enforced harder like an online
thing so it's not like a separate online
sales taxes or a separate online sales
tax I don't think it's like a whole
separate thing but it could be wrong I
remember reading about the Supreme Court
online sex so from what I understand it
is here generally what happens is that
states can't enforce sales tax on items
sold outside their state that it is like
something like that so it's just like
for yeah yeah yeah so I don't know if
you remember this but back in the day
well you should remember this in the day
the day like 10 years ago we bought shut
up mind there was no sales tax ever do
you remember that yeah in general what I
recall was like only in the state where
the place that was selling you the good
operative had to sell yeah that's so
correct so no back in the gap Amazon
that the only like do sales tax and I
believe it there Tennessee distribution
center and in Seattle or in Washington
state from Seattle so only those two
states took an L everyone else got the
Big W right that was ever gonna get that
yeah I believe that's right thanks
pastor Kenobi well I'll see you
everybody sorry he just said but yeah
that what you're describing sounds
correct yeah so basically effectively
like most places you didn't pay sales
tax it was really amazing yeah we really
important thing here so it's on just to
us up to you I've been wondering here
what should I do
I kind of want to like do I do the
twitch sub and flex therefore all the
all the twitch clubs or do i or do i be
in one amongst the the DG gears and
being elitist snob like all of them in
the DG chat
no way better yeah you think so yeah
wash is actually done I just have they
reached the unwashed masses okay drain
the brush wha and the digit each at well
actually wait wait one guy are saying if
I twitch sub I get both I get a badge
for being a twit sub and DG shot as well
it's like it on both ends here convinced
me sir
how do what's what's your compelling
argument me to go to the DG sub
ecosystem wrapping and the which one is
look at the badge when you type in
twitch chat you don't want to have a
badger there no lots of stuff in twitch
it actually [ __ ] dgg to show to the
people that support me now
TG is a bunch of anti Joker's [ __ ] those
Kooks you should go to twitch oh well
that's that's a very uh and I was very
unexpected actually if I were gonna like
watered on that one
[ __ ] that we don't write or die with
people that don't write or die with you
okay alright cool glad I only works when
it's two ways not one way got it mmm why
not why are you saying that why where do
you feel they're they're abandoning you
I don't follow here I don't know but
I've shared some one place I just
haven't seen it yet today but every time
I wake up and start reading hard enough
I see whether all abandoning me okay
alright well you know that affection I
don't know at the same time here that
that um that that affectionate like
banter that they do that's fine that's
why because they love you honestly
because like don't tell me I'm trying to
like hunt like underage women and stuff
it's just the way they show their
affection well I mean when you tell them
your girlfriend's age and then you don't
have any other elaborative context other
than your girls from Sweden and her my
girlfriend of 21
mm-hm every other girlfriend update it
has been pretty much my age okay that
you're thinking okay you're explaining
that context to me right now they the
twitch chat or whoever the general who
are gonna belittle you all that they
think they give that many [ __ ] they
they have they get one little nugget of
context and they [ __ ] run with it all
the way and that and that goes wait and
that travels way back a few are roasting
me with it thanks I'm not it's not it's
not listen you know what listen I was
like wait go join the you did you chat
you're one of them I
all right cool hey we'll look now just
give Amazon a cutter yourself to be itch
no now what's up you mad okay mad mad
mad
so we're [ __ ] we have passed the okay so
this was the ha this is gonna be a slow
day for the hottest topic you got for us
is a nationwide and affordable sales tax
oh well there's more to it actually
so yeah the idea was that well why not
dramatically more it's more we can
explain like an application what it
means we're all for everyone here cuz
yeah this is a pretty boring topic here
but it does affect everyone here
everyone who shops online at all here
yeah generally yeah products that were
being a factor outside of the state
could not enforce the sales tax if it
was sold elsewhere you know so if you're
ordering if you're in Texas and you're
ordering off of Amazon but the product
you're ordering from is actually
residing in Florida can Florida of
course the sales tax on your taxes
purchase was the question and apparently
according to seeing from the court to
the Supreme Court ruling now that that
will change starting October 1st I'm
gonna understand so now you're gonna see
a [ __ ] look more sales tax on everything
so if you were under a certain state to
have like a tax haven as far as like you
know Amazon purchases or your eBay
purchases or whatever you will now see
sales tax on a bunch of [ __ ] here so
that that that shiny TV you want to buy
from Amazon that you saw a Best Buy and
you can feel like paying that extra 200
300 or something for sales tax on that
TV yeah well now yeah now yet you
probably deal the sales tax now on that
whole thing yeah probably good I mean
you probably be able to collect on sales
taxes right it's not like yeah right
yeah right right it's just you know it
finally hits um you know all the I
imagine because of most are condition to
evade a sales tax on their Amazon
purchases particularly and we use them
because they're a massive e-commerce
portal you know people are probably just
mad because that's what it is but yeah
it's probably a bit more fair to not
have that you know bleeding avoidance of
taxation finally I finally go in there
so that's a that's not our major topic
that's a topic ahead
we're here to get to get you to get you
woke up here if we go down here actually
I have a I'll give you another one so we
have another one here you may have heard
that game stops not doing too well and
Game Stop is a having to close some more
stores they're closing 200 they're
underperforming stores which sounds
pretty bad but they have over 5,000
stores so they're pretty saturate on
there on the retail footprint but they
are closing 200 other lowest-performing
stores and she's with it and in addition
to them having already laid off I think
a fuckload I don't know the exact exact
when we were a fuckload of their game
and former editorial staff you know the
magazine you don't care about the giant
advertisement the magazine essentially
they don't ever give [ __ ] about this
point yeah a lot of them got laid off
which is really unfortunate I feel bad
for them and source underperforming and
close no stores everything else here but
this comes in the in some good news
though game stops falling admitting that
hey people there is no compelling reason
to visit our stores because we have a
dying archaic retail model you know if
people buying more digital sales than
ever we're still over a year away from
you know PS 5 and Xbox scarlet so we
don't so no one has really compelling
reason to visit our stores to buy our
non competitive portal of games when you
can just buy them off Amazon for usually
cheaper and delivery and avoid the
entire store our tactic you know sleazy
salesman gimmicky haggling if you will
here's why the [ __ ] do people go buy
[ __ ] phones but they don't buy video
games it's so weird to me maybe the
video game audience is more
sophisticated I don't actually know if
this is true but I'm guessing like the
new iPhone or some [ __ ] just came out is
every time I Drive by a [ __ ] Apple
store over the past couple days has it
always been like a huge line of people
why don't these builders order [ __ ]
online with the [ __ ] doesn't two hundred
stores plus remodel ok so first that
question there the phone thing it's it's
unique I don't know like you know it's I
don't if we can really compare I'm sure
it's probably a simply answer I might
make it a little too complicated here
but
the smartphone boom of 2007 onward kind
of changed the entire landscape I think
we've had anything anywhere near as
transformative in a technology leap
since the the smartphone boom of o7
compared to like the dot-com boom of 99
2000 right and so it's been kind of
culturally ingrained from the from the
rapid advancement of some of stuff
smartphone tech pretty much from oh
seven to twenty fourteen ish to get a
new phone every year there was so many
compelling upgrades for phones every
year you over here which we know seven
and 24 tonight what does this have to do
with just are just curious why people go
to Little League actual smartphone
because there was a culture to want to
get a new phone every year I think I
think now there's not there's not as
compelling of a reason because the
upgrades are a lot more minimal cosmetic
minuscule but that culture of wanting to
get the new phone every single time is
still prevalent now but I don't know
I'll have a great answer for you on that
one
I don't know Apple colt it you want me
lazy answer I don't know Apple fanboys
are gonna Apple fanboy so they're always
gonna be up often Steve Jobs asked and
wanna give him a free [ __ ] for a new
phone okay I mean it parently works I
mean the iPhone 11 Pro was like pretty
much dick riding how they're they have
the best camera they have the best
camera and smartphones now currently now
until the pixel four comes out in
October then we hear about how how cool
well did them yet again yesterday he
still thinks you're talking about
purchasing and not physically going to
the store oh yeah I'm talking about like
why do people go to the store there's
like lines out of the store but yeah it
just seems weird to me but I guess
people are saying that like they help
you set the phone up and there's like an
experience to like going to like an
iPhone yeah yeah you're I misinterpreted
the question we're talking over each
other completely you know yeah no your
point I would assume because okay so if
you order if you order an iPhone from
the website you generally get it
depending on supply and demand issues
anywhere from 7 to 21 days typically
but if you go to the Apple store you can
you can get it you know that day you can
get the impulsive now fact
right now I think that's generally it
right there like it's not like it's not
like primer use like prime the phone in
two days later when you do Apple calm it
does take you know a couple of days to
get so that would be my thing there but
also the same Tom here like I said
before if you generally if you're
talking about particularly Apple stores
yeah there's a there is a premium retail
experience there if you ever if you ever
been to him before have you huh have I
ever been to it like an Apple store
before yeah I like bought a phone there
or whatever or anything you don't think
so I think I might end I will start one
time cuz I had a question for the Genius
Bar and then I never want to go okay
well so in general I do think they have
a pretty great retail what's the word
like template or whatever like if you go
there and you don't know [ __ ] about
anything they they'll build oh they'll
walk you through everything they have a
they have like a high employee to
customer ratio it's not there's like
sitting there it's like six employees
for like you know 200 people there's
Jimmy like you know 20 to 30 employees
in that store any given time from the
ones I've been to they have a very high
employee ratio on the clock so there's
always someone generally around to give
you one-on-one time whether you don't
know how to you know what you're pegging
you're not a set up your Apple watch or
you want to like how do I make my you
know they that battle all the [ __ ]
time right it's always the goddamn
pictures yeah there's always someone
there to walk you through that and if
you're buying a new phone and you want
to like pictures you know all the
transitional pain someone will help you
walk you through that if you want to for
free whenever you buy the phone there so
yeah I don't know we had kid polka
guest-starring today nice he doesn't
better than me actually or does he use I
use it was changer to do his but I can't
imagine well he's also doing it for
hours at a time though I don't know if I
could sit here and do that voice for
[ __ ] forever not to mention the real
the real anyone can do a voice know what
the real hard thing is is doing an
impression while under impression
that's it like impact impersonate you
know grandma talking like you like
mocking you essentially that I can't do
that's actually really [ __ ] hard like
bless up to the voice actors who
actually do that like that's some
next-level [ __ ] honestly okay
but ya know uh at the top here though so
the UH
yeah game shops closing two hundred
performing stores and they have a they
have a remodel actually that's happening
here that one of the that a general
manager at a Colorado Game Stop recorded
a video to show and I have a video if
you want to you want to watch it's a
two-minute video it's on his Facebook
and then you can have I think we've
actually seen this before I think I
watched us it's like a week or two old
right or is it really it is yeah well I
brought it up to you we to be watching
already I no no I think I have on my own
time but go ahead like me thank you
here's the link and let me I got to get
my [ __ ] ready angle something here if
you give me one second yeah you get
ready and you tell me when you're ready
and then I'll I'll probably be ready by
that point all right yeah I'm uh
alright three two one go
hey everybody I know it's been a long
time but the weight has definitely been
worth it
are you ready we are we will be opening
tomorrow come see us come play some
games come check out some new merch come
hang out buy some snacks we got you
covered
check out our retro gaming bays play
some classics play some 64 some original
xbox some PlayStation some GameCube this
is your place to play
we just finished getting everything
ready tonight so come and see us
tomorrow
it is the day thanks for all your
patience
thanks for waiting for us to come back
we appreciate it greatly
come browse our endless aisle you can
check out everything for games.com and
ship it to your house retro included
this is just a sneak peek come visit us
tomorrow hang out have some fun
this guy's boomer holy Sh so so what I'd
love to hear from you actually is like
before I get into any insight about you
know as being an X Game Stop employer
all that I want to hear from you what do
what do you think of all this give me
give me the Normie perspective here give
me the jaded [ __ ] that uh with the
idea pairing it with like a LAN it's
pretty good what's probably good so that
people have like a reason to go in they
buy more [ __ ] probably but uh the
maintenance on this sounds like a
[ __ ] nightmare having to make sure
people at stealing controller is having
people breaking [ __ ] all the [ __ ]
time like making sure shit's working
that sounds like so much [ __ ] work I
don't know if that's gonna make up for
the cost or if that's gonna be like
worth it
for the extra revenue there like if the
cost of that it's gonna be made up for
what the revenue generated like selling
extra [ __ ] cuz people are in the store
more often I'm not sure well that's what
I understand so the you bring up a valid
point there are more costs associated
with the maintenance the whole thing
here which is true but no one's walking
store right now there's genuinely no
compelling reason to go to gamestop
because anyone who's like relatively
tech savvy just can just Amazon the [ __ ]
they can honestly a little further here
I think everyone's pretty knows very
well now the the infamous like if you
have a spec corporate train game stop
you're getting haggled for pre-orders
are getting haggled for everything it's
a very it's actually the opposite of the
Apple stuff Apple does apples very
passes on the whole retail aggressive
this thing to make it a very pleasant
experience for you like if they tell you
you want help come the [ __ ] off they
leave you alone
and they'll let you like you can kind of
bridge away there game stops very like
aggressive on like being on your dick
until you just like give in and bend
over and pre-order NBA 2k 21 or whatever
so so yeah like why would you even want
to deal with that like if I was a
regular person I would say [ __ ] I'm
something [ __ ] pre or on Amazon or
order digitally or do if I wanted that
day site the sort of [ __ ] from mom or
calm or target.com and just I would on
just dodge game stuff and I'll have to
go there um you know there needs to be
some reason to go in like oh man is like
one reason to go I can't think of
anything else they can do though I don't
know unless you come yeah so the idea is
that yeah they're gonna like the from an
internal leaked document that was a not
really new you're just like in response
to their prior quarter where they
initially that they're doing bad and
it's like the like lay off the game the
game informer editorial staff they said
that they had they had to like do a
study and figure out what do you model
consumers want because in general gaming
revenue is up you know since 2015 you
know pre fortnight to fortnight now in
general revenues through the roof mobile
gaming through the roof China etc
through the roof modern gaming is making
a [ __ ] a lot of money you know obviously
move it through a questionable practices
right now
NBA 2k 20 has loot boxes still ready for
everyone that's like how it has gambling
very little kids but you know the
revenue is really high but Game Stop is
still dying so clearly they're not
adapting to the new the new landscape
for consumers what they want right well
the old model is unadaptable and it
needs to go out of business maybe
possibly so so the idea is though is
that like if they invest in gaming
culture that gamers will hat will find a
reason to go to these you know brick and
motar stops and like I guess hang out
there so yeah but the promised lands
already aren't profitable you hardly see
any of them for a reason right that is
true if you don't already have the
footprint though like the whole thing is
already sitting on you know 5,000 stores
nationwide so if you already have the
the retail footprint does that take a
little bit of the pain away you would
imagine really I mean obviously the
retail footprints not working right now
so I don't know if adding on another not
working business model is supposed to
make it let's not magically work
mm-hmm well that it that is true I was
imagine that people would actually get
in the store though so Olivia before you
go on further you're bringing up valid
points that are long term questionable
but I would just imagine right now I
just wanna get people in store and just
stay afloat until next gen consoles come
out and then they can figure out what to
do at that point if it sticks and works
so there's a couple more details here
one is that they're gonna have various
stores to try on a couple things they're
they're gonna have retro gaming focus
stores they're gonna have their might
actually be PC land sections and some
other you know land themed stores if
they want tournament themed stores as
well so this is just one here it's kind
of like a generic like yeah we're gonna
have some CRT system and some gaming
consoles there for you to play if you
want to play them nothing nothing really
innovative but still still a lot better
than what they currently have now which
is literally a half half Spencer's half
Game Stop half you know
boring pretty pretty bad but let me give
you some some some gamestop employee
insight here
i suspect that uh in general what you
will see is one of those CRTs in the
back will be a dedicated smash brothers
one because it's such a high demand game
to play for social factor so there will
be a lot of like casual newbies who want
to play smash for a list of items on
they're gonna be on that TV 24/7 how
long do you think until the game stuff
people like are like hey like 30 minute
limit or whatever for plates ephemeris
I'm sure I don't know that's the problem
I'd have to see I don't we don't know
there's gonna there's gonna be any kind
of rules by the TV it's gonna be like a
rental thing or if you give your ID
together to get a controller you know
I'm thinking of you know general billets
where you know you give you give
something you know of value to you that
that we have to give the balls back to
the to the employee it could be you know
gand over X to get a controller it could
be you know check out a game for 30
minutes get to check out again if you
want to and you get to kind of like
pre-order your 30 minutes slot I don't
know I don't know if it gonna do it if
they have no structure it's gonna be
[ __ ] terrible
I would imagine cuz people's gonna hoard
all [ __ ] day you're gonna have it's
gonna be annoying as [ __ ] do people just
go there and hang out and just play free
games all [ __ ] day which could be
what they want if they have monetization
models for that
such as providing you know food make me
make whatever food you sell there very
lucrative to have them sitting there in
the game all day so if they have like a
really Loring overpriced vending machine
was like microwavable 'he's next to a
microwave next to some energy drink
vending machine then yeah it's gonna
probably make I would say Bank Bell make
some money for you or whatever I don't
know it's gamestop daughter [ __ ]
stupid so I don't know what tell they're
gonna do no problem use like the whole
issue here's that game stop should have
like really been on something on this
like Avenue of change literally seven
plus years ago like this is like so
[ __ ] so far past the point of like
this would be a good idea yeah no
[ __ ] [ __ ] where were you yeah all
their business models are always like
kicking him screaming being dragged into
the future they don't want to adapt at
all cuz somebody wants to do it if they
don't have to yeah you ain't line you
know Digital streaming comes in mine
with Netflix record industry comes in
mine with Napster [ __ ] yeah I want to
even I want to even say even iTunes is
relevant with like movie with digital
movie redemptions that wasn't even
happen trying there that was just that
was all the the big six film industry
giants being - greed that to agree on
having a digital platform to host their
movies to compete with piracy for
convenience there was no platform
because they call couldn't agree on what
the [ __ ] to do because they're all two
up their own asses for profit so when it
came down to having to do something to
be compelling for blu-ray purchases the
iTunes came in and won that one as well
but that's a different topic altogether
though but yeah that's the UH that is
the news on gamestop F in chat for them
we'll see how it goes this looks better
than nothing so I think they'll survive
you know until next year at least maybe
yeah Wilson so there so that was a so
that's that topic I was gonna ask you
about def stranding apparently uh again
I touched on a briefly last week here
but uh you said that you you're kind of
a coaching a fan or not really your LA I
really like the first three monitor
settlements I don't know if I
Kojima fender no though I have very very
low expectations for death stranding
I'll play it because I think I have to
but I don't I think the game's gonna be
a big [ __ ] the game player
probably okay and the storyline will be
a borderline unfollow a bull or
convoluted all [ __ ] yeah it's coming
into the fact that it's like being held
under such secrecy at this point of what
the general plot is and what the general
gameplay is yeah what can sit to be fair
I mean there was a lot revealed recently
at the Tokyo Game Show but I didn't know
I haven't yet watched any of that stuff
because I like the floating guys that
are like super soldiers you've got like
the ghost guys you've got like the
normal military dudes you got I don't
even know there's there's so many
different like factions and GRU right
now and that's just what we see the
trailers and [ __ ] and then the baby [ __ ]
like and then they're going back to the
past or future I don't know dude there's
so much like random [ __ ] but I've seen
so far it's hard to say what I'll be
like right and that's the problem is the
reason why I didn't like look for him
too is I was like they're like sitting
here and like skimming through all
Japanese footage I really wish I had
like a translator like who's like some
subtitles to look at I couldn't find
anything when I was looking before so I
just don't I didn't really like I
figured that Sony would do some like
Western audience that stranding hype but
I haven't like they haven't done
anything yet um in fact actually if you
uh you probably even know because it was
so boring here yesterday there was both
the PlayStation state of play it was
like yesterday yesterday there was that
and there was the the inside Xbox a
little show thing or whatever I didn't
even happen it's how irrelevant it was
so apparently at this point now Sony and
Microsoft both do a direct thing but my
xbox is so boring I didn't even hear
about it and then so the Xbox one like
nothing happened there literally was
just them announcing that like some new
games are coming to the Xbox LIVE past
and some other [ __ ] don't go [ __ ]
about involving proprietary Xbox Live
charged payments and all the other [ __ ]
the Sony one I thought it was gonna be a
lot more about deaf stranding but
actually it was very very minimal so
still coming out November and there's I
would say all the the the huge amount of
marketing and stuff that's been done
that Tokyo Game Show for a deaf
stranding compare
in the West there has been very very
little so you know what I know this
point if you do care about selling stuff
though the from that last of us part to
you guys a release date now it's a
February 20th 2020 hell yeah
is there new trailer for it there is oh
sure you should check it out I don't
watch
oh let's watch again sure look look at
this [ __ ] here it's gonna cuz I'm gonna
be a link Last of Us part 2 trailer
new old trailer yeah found it here you
go yeah 3 minutes long 3 minutes and 2
seconds right there in minutes 30
seconds no three minutes and two seconds
you know it says it's a link I just gave
you and the discordant one okay I am
ready like my chance
all right ready yeah go for it let me
count three two one yeah
scale of one to ten how would you
our kiss from last night
[Music]
[Music]
look who decided to join us all right
you all know the drill run your routes
lock your logbooks you run into anything
you can't handle come back
[Music]
it's not
tell me
I have to finish it you have no idea
what you're walking into
what are you doing you don't know how
large that group is how armed I don't
care you can't stop this
what the hell are you doing here
you think I'd let you do this on your
own
but I want to see Joe kill some people
with the [ __ ]
yeah those uh did you play the first
lost of us no that's that's T that's the
issue
i I I do intend to play it before before
to drop stone it's been on my to-do list
for quite a while now I'm probably gonna
do it over exactly one of those games
too you should play it on the hardest
difficulty it's not that hard you should
just do it okay
all right gotcha awful the [ __ ] up
understood yeah so uh yeah well boys I
mean I can't be map against pulled and
it's like if I cared about I should have
washed the trailer and I shouldn't have
been on you know I understand there's
only good being a streamer and haven't
even about spoilers is like it's it's
stupid like you have to don't worry
about that even of all that [ __ ] is
spoiled it's still a really good good
like it's a good game okay I'm not for
sure I was more in my chair I agree like
God getting getting spoiled on it's like
whatever it is all about the journey to
get there with a narrative malbet tell
tracks that Last of Us remastered is
free on PS Plus from the 10th of October
I don't the [ __ ] that is PS plus is the
the premium online subscription that
enables you to have the privilege of
playing online game with your other
PlayStation oriented fans and peers like
Xbox Live Gold so if you're a console
babby you're trained to think that you
have to pay a [ __ ] ton of money to do
the privilege of playing online and
engaging in premium content nice yeah
you know so that's what it is but um I
don't know like I'd have to get PS plus
and I don't really want it so I already
don't have it so I would just try to get
the game like super use for like I'm
pretty sure Last of Us remastered like
dirt cheap at this point now I can't
even being more than 20 or probably even
lower if I get it physically it's like
probably between 11 and 15 so yeah I'm
not really worried about it but I
appreciate though much love again huh
see that that came out yesterday and so
what that means is that uh pretty much
yeah if you're a Sony fan right now you
got you got def stranding coming out in
November
last most part to coming out in February
and then ghost of Tsushima is like I
mean I know sometime between I guess
after February onward towards the PS 5
launch but from here onwards talk about
speculations point now so just that's
where we are with our pending lineup of
games as we count down to the the the
you know the console wars next year with
the PS 5 vs Xbox scarlet and how the
both gonna be relevant and this a
increasingly PC dominated landscape of
hardcore gaming okay so that was a so
that was what happened yesterday and I
kind of gave me your feedback on Def
stranding your convoluted story rivaling
that of kim rival you're the last of us
to thought I think it'll be really cool
no it looks really really good actually
no the I have heard nothing but great
things ever doesn't let stellar things
about the writing from Naughty Dog
Naughty Dog's games at this point so I
need to like actually I got a drink
efficient you know I haven't played
uncharted either I haven't done I'm so
behind it I need to do the uncharted I
need to do Last of Us I need to do thank
char today Ubisoft going no it's a nice
all game
it's a oh okay yeah but some reason when
I see Uncharted it's like sits at the
same day and is like Assassin's Creed
all of us Ubisoft games to me like I and
I could be wrong cuz I don't play maybe
but it's like you're in an area you have
to run to the tower to unlock the map
and you can go around the little new
parts you unlock to do the little trick
works I'm out sounds like two side
quests a fetch mission and then like a
story mission then you go for the next
little part of a map you go climb up a
phone tower or a windmill you unlock
that part of the map then you do the
three check marks like is this like
every single it's like everything yes it
is called the Ubisoft towers and yeah
that's third thing so I can think about
about that actually the reason why that
you're seeing that in every Ubisoft game
now is because at some point they
concluded - they're like shareholders
that open-world games sell more I guess
cuz like all the money GTA 5 made or
whatever and so they kind of like
retrofitted every game add active
development to become an open-world game
and essentially replicate the the open
map exploratory Tower functions because
they can't Wellston you really do
otherwise right so yeah
game had has Ubisoft hours in it now
there's why they all feel kind of seeing
me
according some complaints there so
everybody's saying that the intro the
games are way different than that so
okay well that's fair that's fair point
I am not complaining so I wouldn't I
wouldn't know and I just know that I
know we're at a point now where [ __ ]
there's 23 or 24 Assassin's Creed games
now so I don't know yeah there's a [ __ ]
ton there's actually a [ __ ] ton now and
I I've heard you know between Assassin's
Creed unity I heard those a buggy
[ __ ] massive launch and Assassin's
Creed Odyssey I heard was better but
still problematic and there's like the
other other one now I don't know any
more Assassin's Creed fan all over here
is that like it has never been as good
as has not been good or as good as it
was since Assassin's Creed 2 whenever
the creative director who made the whole
time travel narrative interesting got
booted off because of creative
differences or whatever there was
supposed to be like an assassin's creed
movie right as I come out yeah that
already happened it started Michael
Fassbender and it was terrible well it's
terrible well I haven't seen it I've
only heard it's terrible but the tribes
in the trailer and it looked awful and I
think conceptually it's a bad idea
because the compelling part of sasses
Creed to me would be the interactive
portion of navigating and traversing you
know Victorian era era era London or
whatever exotic time period locale you
want to whenever it's just a movie is
just a movie set at that point I'm just
like well great you know being Robin
Hood in his time compared to watching
Robin Hood on a movie to me are two very
different things
so I don't really give a [ __ ] about
Assassin's Creed the moving but I could
see himself giving a lot of shits about
Assassin's Creed the game so yeah but
you know that's not important what's
important here is the fact that uh
detective Pikachu finally cured or
finally you know was the exception to
the video game movie curse and a good or
at minimum a decent and certainly above
average and above expectation good video
game adaptation into the movie finally
happened which can't be understood did
it like make a lot of money or
I think decide the Pikachu made like
over 500 million worldwide
well that's way more than I would've
expected yeah that's yeah and that was
also fighting against Avengers like it
came out in May had to deal with
Avengers being competition so so yeah we
got that right there so that uh that was
the thing X rating is what don't respond
to your chat I'm getting some claps
right now for that for that whole thing
in there should I they're saying my
opinions wrong on that the Pikachu and
that the Warcraft movie was above
average which I didn't see but I heard
that was critically paying but but
ultimately China's China box office say
this I'm not really sure how how
relevant you know that whole thing is
like it didn't do well that was good I
said to me was good I was above average
my opinion I don't know your chat this
is a boys Conchata tagging me and
calling me outside I think I handed it
around I thought it was an okay movie I
don't like nothing was amazing but okay
yeah look yeah I have not seen Warcraft
a movie I'm not a WoW player that's why
I don't have like you know freaking I'll
have a pee bottles and a [ __ ] man
toilet and [ __ ] man beard and all me
right now here if I look fresh Wow huh
the the complaints I heard were that the
Warcraft movie was exposition central
and that if you don't if you don't
consume the the Blizzard properties you
give no [ __ ] clue what's going on
you're just being you're being lectured
to non-stop throughout the entire movie
and it's not a very compelling
experience unless you're like already
like dig deep into the to the lore I
guess which could work if you're a fan
and maybe it's made for fans I'm just
telling you what the reviews said and I
don't play Warcraft so I don't really
give a [ __ ] site and we'll see it so I
have nothing to Kontest about it
but either way the facts are that its
box office wasn't not impressive until
it went to China where kicked the [ __ ]
load of ass and it got carried really
hard in China's box office but how
relevant that is to I guess like a
Western audience perception of a
successful movie it's up to you because
at the same time we all can agree here
that transformers moves to Michael Bay
or all piles of steaming dog [ __ ] that
got carried by China's box office
because I want to see CGI [ __ ] and
have to have two blenders [ __ ] on
screen for [ __ ] two and a half hours
straight so
how relevant you find again box office
carried by international receipts is up
to you determine here so yes it on that
one why don't you okay anyways that's a
Stratus rather I'd respond to your voice
here for a second oh okay so next one I
got for you here um okay so sales tax
check game stop check ok this was this
was kind of kind of boring but I figured
sure ok boring topic here but I think
it's interesting regardless here so are
you familiar with III I've heard of it
yeah yeah I mean I mean you live out
there now any good would you ever go to
e3 I've I think I want the last one
there is one that I went to and then
there's another one that's like SCS or
something am I making this up no I see
yes yes yeah I went to one of those I
remember you three but yeah what about
it well okay well first to clarify that
Consumer Electronic Show is a it's in
January it's in Vegas and that's where
all the in general a lot happens there
but all the electronic all the consumer
electronics companies and manufacturers
all come together and announce all the
[ __ ] so LG new TVs Samsung new TVs
anyone makes appliances you know the
20/20 wave of smart appliances any and
everyone who wants to like flex their
their their dick weight can do so and
does so an effort for partnership and
all that so Intel will flex all their
[ __ ] you know Qualcomm will do all their
5g modem technology that they're gonna
try to get in every phone they can this
year etc blah blah blah blah blah that's
dead that's in Vegas next in January
III electronics even Expo as you all
know is the thing where it's essentially
the Super Bowl for video games at this
point but that's what it was and it had
a dominant you know places in our in our
gaming ecosystem back when we didn't
have the internet and social media as
mainstream as we do now you know back in
like its peak was around 2006 but now
you know with social media and
Dirac's and you can kind of do your own
you know if your activision or you were
stopping to do your own private event to
like you know announce your new call of
duty on to let do these awkward live
keynote presentations that are often
like prone to technical issues audio
issues and awkwardness altogether here
the the new thing here now though is
that uh because III has been losing
relevance losing attendance as you if
you didn't know here even Sony opted out
of even being at e3 last year where it
was only Microsoft in Nintendo you don't
even have that big three there because
Sony has no has sees there's no real
reason to drop you know three to fifteen
million dollars to [ __ ] BT threes and
so goddamn expensive to be there the III
wants the pivot pivot and be you know
try to be a little more relevant and be
more social media proof and more in the
modern modern landscape so the some
documents leaked the their entire
internal PDF document leaked of what
their 2020 plans are and III is planning
to go from being a business of media
summit and to instead we know further
for the press obviously we're pressing
like go play the games and then go to
GameSpot go to IGN go to wherever and
and you know essentially do their work
on writing editorials on what happened
everything else their fault the news but
instead now becoming a media influencer
event where you have like you know why
have the press even like say and have
opinion what's gonna happen here just
get you know let media influencers come
in and you know Instagram vlog the way
to product placement and have like you
know because of the apparently because
of because of Keanu Reaves coming on
stage during sovereign 2029 or 2077 you
recall that happening last year or early
this year yeah when it came out
everybody was supposed to yeah yeah he
uh yeah so that because that moment went
so viral and so well because I was not
expected they want to replicate more
than experience now they want more
celebrities they want more endorsements
they want more media influencers and
rather than have like I guess factions
separated by the game company buying the
booth space now what they want to do
with this new four plan
like different experience realms where
there like a I know that it looks like a
theme park than a [ __ ] then III now
and it looks really really sketch to me
and what would happen is you would
everyone would get in line and like just
kind of like wait to get into the
experience I'm [ __ ] not gonna work
honestly and then whenever you're in
line you there would be like queue cuter
tainment like you know QQ u qu u q ue u
e so while you're waiting the cube like
you can get like marketed to and they'll
be like it'll be in a structure where
you can get like advertised to while
waiting in line to get advertised to
while in the experience I don't know I
got a link for you here about it it's a
pretty big [ __ ] show and it looks
[ __ ] this like a terrible idea but if
you want to read up on a later you can
but uh so there's that right there it's
not not m'allister anything in the world
here but it is a pretty big [ __ ] show
and we're almost done we're almost I
don't know if I see you crash and burn
on me right now
the oven that got for you here is a do
you want to get to some like um some TV
news I got some I promise you it's not
boring it's like a well it's not it's
not like super what the mains what is it
okay so a couple things you know and are
you familiar with the Disney Plus coming
in November um yeah this is launching
their platform looking up and watch
movies and [ __ ] available to it right
yeah correct yeah that thing November
tell us when we coming out here so as
you know Disney posters gonna be coming
out and Disney is like pretty much
anchoring a lot of their Marvel [ __ ] on
that digital Digital streaming news with
Disney Disney plus slash HBO Mattox /
Netflix okay the top is that will fit
here
okay so uh so yeah that's coming out in
November
Dizzy's already announced to their
shareholders and including with Bob Iger
that they're gonna like lose as much as
well how much was it like I want to say
they're gonna lose like between the
number I don't make up a number between
four and twenty four billion dollars
over the next they won't even turn a
profit until 2024 it soon this is what
they said because they're investing so
hard on all of the [ __ ] to build the
platform up for disney plus now i
wouldn't sit here in chill for disney am
i trying to it all here actually i just
want to get the framing right here so
you understand how scared netflix is of
losing their streaming dominance with
the with a real competitor in the
landscape because so far you've had
netflix dominate with fare like I think
it's like eighty five million plus
subscribe eighty five million plus
paying subscribers worldwide and you
have other platforms like you know
Amazon video Prime which is pretty much
irrelevant no one's really priming for
their libraries just kind of like a
thing you can't even have when you do
Amazon Prime in the first place by the
way prime subprime subprime stuff prime
sub perhaps them and and the other ones
I can't even think of at this point but
uh Disney Plus though is going to could
could and probably will be a very big
competitor to to Netflix with their with
their onslaught of original content
coming in here and the reason why I
bring this up is because we're seeing
now the level of desperation Netflix
feels the heat on because because
Netflix tweeted out here that they just
got the exclusive streaming rights to
Seinfeld whenever it expires at its
current holder over at Hulu in 2020 so
the tweet was read that uh Congrats what
y'all get hype because we're gonna have
Seinfeld on Netflix in 2021 that was
between like they they went ahead and
did that like so far in advance because
they're like they're trying to like you
know he you know show anybody even give
a [ __ ] about Seinfeld anymore is that am
I just too much of a Zoomer well okay so
if I were a call correctly Netflix
rarely admits you know metrics over like
what compels people doing what they are
usually watching
we can see from the evidence of what
they greenlight and why generally what
what people are watching and when they
want to be and they continue to be
subscribed the answer is in general
people want to steep ism whenever
they're on Netflix know they're working
their nine-to-five and not getting paid
[ __ ] whatever life sucks for instance
pensive whatever so they want it they
want them to burn off and get some scape
ism so there's a lot of comfort food
series that tend to people that tune
into a lot whether it be Family Guy or
Simpsons or particularly Seinfeld comes
them on here
comfort food whatever series that they
want to watch because it's a safe
bankable thing for them over and over
again friends what's the other one for
getting here office the office you know
all these are all comfort food sitcoms
essentially that people like [ __ ] with
really really heavy repetitively over
and over again
so whenever so it getting those series
is very very lucrative because that's
the kind of year you that's what lures
in the repeat customer and then you once
they're in the ecosystem they're booting
up the app you then you know show them
all the new [ __ ] and try to get them
hooked on that to keep them as a pain
course driver that way they're never
questioning should I cut the cable here
or not should I snip it so Netflix
announced that got Seinfeld for twenty
twenty-one also if you didn't hear CBS
announced they have the exclusive
streaming rights to Big Bang Theory for
five hundred million dollars you hear
about that nope yeah make sure they're
still making new episodes or no it's I
think it's done now yeah thankfully but
but yeah the point is those like you
know five dude
not for like just for the streaming
right that's crazy that we're seeing
numbers this high here so well for Big
Bang Theory weren't those actors
literally getting paid like seven
figures per episode didn't get to that
point like if they did right yeah it uh
dude Facebook normies eat that [ __ ] up
do they love Big Bang Theory it's not
really my cup of tea you actually hate
it but uh you know but they they love it
you know if you're uh if you're a
Facebook wall posting thumbs up having
you know son of a [ __ ] you know you
just think and man know them nerds man
they sitting there with the with the
witchcraft cards and the
the videogame paddles and all that did a
phony you know what they'd be saying
them big words and all that they phony
they sitting there playing with the
little little action toys and a little
table top and all that they phony you
know just the whole idea laughing at
them not really with them kind of thing
it's just I don't know like you know you
know that this well yeah that that that
deals confirmed five hundred million
dollars so that kind of gave some
speculation that like Netflix dropped
some major cash to get Seinfeld that
early in advance so so yeah that's some
that some big haymakers for you there
relative to Disney coming in and into
space now with all that in mind here
what's gonna ground this for you right
now to give you to make a give a [ __ ] is
that if are you a fan of the boondocks
yes oh my god did you see they show us
coming out on HBO that's that's my
that's my big news for you yeah dose
numbers back to the original guy
whatever
yeah it's go on parenting for macGruber
yeah awesome
I completely agree with you yeah season
four was kind of trashed because it did
involve Aaron and it was kind of like
wait did you watch season four I watched
two episodes I wasn't a fan of it it was
like season four was not trash season
four was like if you watch the first
three seasons of the boondocks and you
come away and the only thing you think
is like lol black people and you're like
I'm gonna make another season
that's what season four is it's like all
of like the racist caricatures without
any of the social commentary it's so
Stitz horrible okay actually like I
recommend watching to see how you're
saying for a second while you were
saying that you like those like whoa no
okay no no it's so bad it's like oh my
god is so horrible right you're after
the right it's a little early this Dave
Chappelle season three canceled episodes
lol black people hey look at them with
their yep
with their big lips and kool-aid and
everything yeah three of the boondocks
was so good holy [ __ ] was that oh man we
got the final the hey Doc recei the
Bushido brown there's so many crazy
episodes [ __ ] I'm really looking forward
to the HBO thing I hope they've got a
big budget I'm like really excited more
- well here's the good news okay so or
he's like so good news one air McGruder
is it Magruder
yeah I suppose last no big robber gets
bigger I think it's McGruder okay well
he's back which is really really good
wine uh-huh now pause there first off
why did the part what why was he ever
removed from season four I'm wondering
hearing did feel like he quit and they
wanted to do it more but I don't want to
purse it remember I don't know ya have
to look into it people tell me it's
McGriddle okay I'm sorry it's a it's
Aaron McGriddle I apologize here
McGriddle he was working on black Jesus
I think okay okay yeah okay so he was
working on another series black Jesus
and then the base wanted more episodes
because money typical reason here well
they have them back or they have them
have them there I imagine he has I
probably a mega fat expanded budgets
with HBO's backing at this point and
it's three lift for two seasons right
away from the very jump so so we're
getting two seasons minimum out of this
with him involved and it's gonna be on
HBO max now obviously if you're you know
if you're a [ __ ] boomer like me
you're wondering what the [ __ ] HP on
max ads actually actually have to like
look at Google disappeared because I
don't I don't know what it meant
there's apparently his HBO Go HBO now
and HBO Max and they're all out they're
all terrible names I know what [ __ ] me
in the mean so HBO HBO go is an app
where if you already pay the cable
subscription HBO you can access HBO on
your app this came this came first
obviously this is how it started then I
tried to what you're just describing
this is back in the day there was a
brief period of time where I'm like hey
I make a lot of money I'm not gonna part
[ __ ] him I'm gonna start buying showing
light and I wanted to watch Game of
Thrones
mm-hmm and like - okay it's not gonna
ruin this is how you watched Game of
Thrones on your PC you even have to go
to the HBO website you would have to
subscribe to HBO GO
then you'd have to download the app on
your phone and then from the phone you'd
have to ok broadcasting the episodes on
your PC I don't remember I got lost half
like that and I even after I papered
sure I ended up pirating everything I
ended up down like all the worst things
I was like there's no way that normal
human beings to figure this out like
holy [ __ ]
garbage so stupid yeah because
technically I guess they went like
legally allowed to broadcast it online
because of the contracts but if you
okay tomoow balapan did encounter sir I
don't remember it was so well yeah it
sounds no I don't even know what I
signed up for but now I just gotta make
even some primer I can watch all the HBO
[ __ ] it's really nice I don't know how
but somehow I can do it hey man you got
out convenience piracy dude like you got
a view piracy or competitions for qol
when you don't and use pool moral
high-ground [ __ ]
it was not pirate doing like crime [ __ ]
that was like super nice holy [ __ ]
with the prime library whatever yeah
whatever I can watch anything I'm frame
I just go to my Amazon Prime shouldn't I
can watch Barry or like any HBO [ __ ] or
whatever I must have bought something or
setup or something but yeah it's really
cool okay
yeah I forget to go there honestly I
need to like go to my prime library more
often and see what's actually in mine in
my prime to check out and watch well to
continue on though the so HBO HBO now is
just literally the mobile app lets you
consume HBO content if you for paying
cable subscription that came first HBO
GO I might be going backwards here HBO
GO is when you cut the cable and you
don't you don't feel like you know the
by HBO 3 you can provide or you can just
bought you can just pay for the app
independent like Netflix or Hulu 15
bucks a month to use the app on any on
any smart device and you know watch your
game of Thrones around the [ __ ] you want
HBO go very simple and then finally HBO
max is gonna be their new thing that's
coming out soon there's no price point
this closed yet but given that HBO dough
is 15 bucks a month if I recall
correctly HBO Mac suspected to be 20 or
maybe as low as 17 I don't know but the
idea there is that well we engaged you
can get free over 215 but you can get
max for a couple bucks more and you get
[ __ ] on more [ __ ] including the fact
that HBO max will be the exclusive home
of the boondocks when it when it comes
out and they have the exclusive rights
to the entire
Fresh Prince of bel-air series so there
are 30 other requiring comfort food to
the bill to ecosystem all that yeah I
was gonna ask that earlier my comfort
food growing up I guess well because the
officer on that show didn't exist yet
was
all the old Nick at night shows so like
The Fresh Prince of bel-air
do you remember many off the top my head
not like Three's Company I'm like the
next generation of shows Nick and oh
good night I always had like a whole
bunch like like The Fresh Prince
Jeffersons oh oh Kenan & Kel I remember
that show George Lopez show was a little
new right unlike that of his wife
Roseanne was okay this don't say coffee
show your champion
oh yeah the Cosby's that way yeah talk
about it show that probably went from
hand dude bad for all the people who are
not Cosby who probably do you think any
of the actors on Cosby Show or do you
think any of the actors get compensated
for all these syndication right
distribution deals and all that no no no
runs on your contract I think most
people don't get residuals from stuff
like that though hmm
yeah it would suck it's like you know
all all the non Cosby staff members just
you know losing out of money because the
[ __ ] is [ __ ] up you know decades of
decades something like to whatever else
[ __ ] I'm all about the oh hell no but
anyway [ __ ] him
but yeah the HBO Max is gonna be
similarly 20 bucks a month and we'll
have you know Fresh Prince of bel-air
it's all it's all we know so far over so
we got them to give us more details in
the whole thing but what I'm I guess now
let's pause here to go back to my
reflection of it one is that God am I
really gonna drop
am I really gonna talk 20 bucks a month
just to get on boondocks to be a part of
the boondocks hype culture and like
watch it you know as it comes out that
way I don't you know I can I can you
know engage to my full capacity you know
rise it comes out no the answer is yeah
yeah I didn't think I was gonna be that
kind of guy just you know who's gonna
like you know
sub for one series but I'm like god
[ __ ] damn dude it got me the
boondocks dude so I did yes yes I got to
do that and we'll see so I don't make as
a release date yet but that got
announced though so I'm pretty excited
for whenever it drops so yeah I'll be up
there
be an HBO max subscriber better for
worse when do you get into a San Diego
tomorrow actually today's my last
regular stream I am flying out 6 a.m.
tomorrow and I'll be there probably by 1
p.m. PST you're gonna you're gonna drive
down here
tomorrow afternoon yeah actually okay
let's talk about that cuz it is all just
all boring - anyway that's too much
which done
let's get it's get Liddy what is it more
about the fact that like I'm just gonna
like hang out people like what are we
are we actually excited for something
it's which cards are gonna be some big
[ __ ] announced was a couple change we
talked about actually so it's con 2020
this year for those who need some
context here trihex asked to ask me
about how his panel got [ __ ] Leicester
man I got some dude gets dude checking
your chat right now uh you submitted the
panel what don't think so okay well then
your chats fake news okay whatever
anyways a twitchcon so last year or
what's been going on since 2015's first
twitchcon typically is that discord has
a party because this was not part of
choice they can't be part of there or
whatever right there doesn't want them
part of the convention so discord will
throw a party at a nearby theater or
whatever that night before Chris Kahn
starts so all the twitch people will go
to the discord party on day zero and do
their thing however this year now though
what's changed here is that twitchcon is
having their partner mixer on day zero
if you didn't hear about us actually so
the big tomorrow night or some [ __ ]
isn't it yeah it's full yeah that's kind
of annoying because now it's like so you
got to essentially fuse the pick between
the discord party or the partner mixer
and day zero has like a lot of [ __ ]
happening now so there's not really a
day zero anymore it's more like day
negative one I would or like I don't
know whatever like day one part one
essentially well the reason why I say
what I think of day zero of a convention
like it's nonchalant then you can go
there you can go or not go when you're
not really missing anything
consequential I imagine most revealing I
got a lot of [ __ ] hooked on my Thursday
now it's pretty crazy do you I have
nothing is the convention even going on
that day or is it only Friday Saturday
no it's Sunday
Sunday's yeah I have a single thing on
my Sunday it's crazy
oh we should go see little NAS X he's
performing at the the final twitch party
with a president about book II mean yes
like I said I literally have nothing
going on my Sunday and that hasn't
changed after you told me that so all
right well that's poking on Sunday night
and it's a it's gonna be an all-ages
party so if you're 18 and under you can
still have that party too and it'll be a
great time for all the kids in the
family the fun you know so you know you
dock and bring his his wife and kid and
they can all have a great time and you
can bring Nathan y'all can all go to the
the ferris wheel and you know you know
throw candy and confetti at a little non
sex once before me whoa his neck is an
awesome definitely do right now is all
about Nathan yep
yeah yeah yeah for sure you know you can
you can go play a little carnival game
and get and win Nathan that um that
fortnight donkey plush that everyone
wants so [ __ ] bad yep
it'd be awesome okay I got ya well I'll
do I got some confetti cannons great oh
dude I want to go to Minecon with Nathan
so bad I'm doing that what along with
that dude that sounds like actually a
mine a lot of you go to Minecraft I'll
go to I'll go to a brony calm I'll match
you on that alright get a kid sometimes
I got child and she'll probably be
officer myself is be like what so I
won't stay now being as much of them
bunch of men in there anyway so [ __ ] it
yeah yeah but okay considering twitchcon
though there is there's one thing I mean
we could we could have fun briefly here
speculating uh what they're gonna
announce every year they have a major
announcement that some new product or
whatever because which is so [ __ ]
stacking right now what they're
improving so I've seen a little bit of
stuff about
who they like plans to roll out like the
next encoder like five years it's the
only a big I don't know anything else
have you heard anything I would have
anything's it's like their next encoder
to replace h.264 but I don't know if
this is like five years down the line
hmm what would that improve that would
make fun that me : extreme less
bandwidth okay not in here but I don't
know that that's an ecosystem right now
or in the pipeline I should say things I
heard for a while now are they already
at bomb-proof like do they already like
hard feed ads into the stream player now
is that a thing yeah they always to come
at black crew for like two days then I
go to the back okay yeah I'm still on
turbo so [ __ ] no the uh so there's
that you know ads actually being
relevant to the whole thing here there
is um there is mostly I think [ __ ] okay
well last year they announced gifts of
is right that the big thing here you can
give subs now um so I would suspect that
this year really only one year ago holy
[ __ ] believe it or not you know I mean
grab me my wrong chat directly from on
here yeah but okay go ahead yeah you
won't even crazy one gift subs are only
a year old and but I the people question
me my mother phone that I'm probably
pretty confident was last year cuz in if
I if it wasn't last year than whether
what happened last year that was a that
was a that was a pretty big thing wasn't
it
there'd some people are crazy on that
gift subs MIT I was I gonna like a
couple of big scream it's like eight
thousand subs oh right you're right I am
wrong funny just two years ago
squad streaming was close last year [ __ ]
I [ __ ] about there's like there are
some streamers like 9,000 subs with like
four or five thousands of those subs
being gifted it's pretty crazy
a lot of people are just like gifting
subs to themselves like well yeah
definitely that okay yesterday actually
I'm guilty about through myself honestly
I I randomly for the final day of
September was like okay I'm gonna you
know it [ __ ] it I'll make it we'll do a
fun little thing I'll just I'll just
give us up for every every so every sub
ever
Prime risa fake sub nu sub whatever any
sub I'm actually get some dangerous I
did that yeah I got 100 really easily
really easily man boys boys be ignoring
that resub profits paid deference that
[ __ ] I was like oh man doesn't this is a
bad idea
[ __ ] I mean my wallet backs out real
quick here yeah you're not wrong that
that is something else there but what
could they announce this year they could
make channel points come full as a full
release rabbit in a closed beta they
could be honest you know you know what
um I want to say it we're at a point now
where isn't tier 2 and tier 3 subbing
like 3 years old now isn't that 2016
it's something yours overdose yeah they
haven't done they haven't done [ __ ] with
that dude they put it out there and
there's like nothing there with it you
don't get more emo sauce by having more
tier two tier threes which would be
really good by the way there is no like
additional features that can really
provide I mean the only thing I can
think of here is when sub 1 extreme
something's really happened this I even
exclusive to tier 2 and tier 3 so it's
like yeah if you're at tier 2 in 2 or 3
like that you gave me you put a new pay
venue but you didn't give me any tools
to make the venue like worth the fog so
it's just like I don't know
so yeah I mean they could definitely you
know remember that they have this tool
and I don't know the [ __ ] do it right
now yeah that would be that would be
nice they could um but I guess ok let's
take a second here I'll make it fun for
you what do you what do you want what
would you want to see twitch do what do
you want your bandwidth allocation so I
could stream it like 15 megabits per
second would be [ __ ] awesome shoutout
banning people from chat those are the
two big things everyone is really high
mmm that that's actually pretty nice
honestly let let's let them bark into
the void honestly I love that but is
that too user non friendly though like
it's supposed to be used or unfriendly
[ __ ] have I gotten banned
uh-huh mmm I just don't know if that
would be like a like the reception of
that I feel like is hit them having
technology have like a chat culture
problem I guess I don't know I don't see
it really working out well if that was
announced at twitchcon as their
compelling feature well you know what I
don't know what their big thing is gonna
be [ __ ] it so my assumption here is that
it's gonna be something like I don't
know whatever a mixer does right now
they don't do they're gonna stone it
through and for all that you at one time
but for this year like I've only been on
mixer like twice but they have like uh
they have a lot of like really different
[ __ ] they have like different sized
emojis and like the channel points thing
and you can use like spark to like I
don't know [ __ ] do [ __ ] or whatever
like I could spend 700 spark and in your
chat and make you I don't know [ __ ]
blow up a balloon or whatever or
something like that
I don't know wait this isn't like that's
already what's the difference from what
I understand the okay so if I use bits
if I tip you with bits and a little
comment there's no action upon it's all
it's all arbitrary and abstract
reactions from you like hey go here's
something under a sudden on your bits go
go you know admit that like I don't know
what whatever right like do something
whatever this here there's like you the
bits are there the dog a built-in menu
prompt to do [ __ ] like oh yeah pre
contextualize it whether you're playing
a certain game or or whatever it is this
is what what they're big enough it's
gonna be my guest
twitch is rolling out like a beta thing
or they have where you get points for
like watching channel it's probably
gonna be something big to do with that
like rewarding people for watching
channels and then doing a lot of [ __ ]
with that point [ __ ]
I bet the big announcement is gonna be
that you can like use those points to
buy bits or something like this stuff
like that yeah yeah and then the idea is
that like you can you can like pre
contextualize preset options to spin
channel points or whatever the source
Park on depending on what what directory
you're currently in so when you're just
chatting you can do certain things and
then if you're under like apex you can
like you know you throw all your
grenades away or you know you stickies
only or like you know you can ignore
them you can do them whatever you want
to do I'll see if you interact
rewards more interactions rewards me no
more spark may consume
and I was assumed that I always assumed
that you can conveniently buy more spark
and so like spark and bits will be or
whatever the [ __ ] will be different in
that kind of way long so I would have
simply be back because I generates more
revenue so of course it makes more money
and you're gonna be down there tomorrow
afternoon you said yes as of right now
on Thursday I only have the partner
mixer which which which I'm like if
there's if there's if like squads
hanging out and doing [ __ ] I can I can
be on the partner mixer honestly Marty
I'm already kind of annoyed that after
like pigfoot are yet I'm mad because
days they're supposed to be like an easy
day just look as good as this court
party and chill but now it's like it's
already happening we're at the on Daisy
er if the pic with the [ __ ] I'm doing am
I going to the do partner mixer am I
going to the discord party or a squad
gonna like have a little cute dinner
somewhere all right I got a pic what I'm
gonna do already have opportunity cost
on the [ __ ] day 0 it's annoying as
[ __ ] yeah by the way for those got a job
right now we don't know here the
struggle of being a streamer at
twitchcon is like every day there's like
10 parties going on you got think when
you go into are you going to the monster
cat ball are you going to the redbull
lounge are you going to the elgato [ __ ]
my ass thing are you going to you know
whatever whatever whatever yeah I mean
there's a man I'm sorry Bell guy was
cool by the way but I got you know
there's just there's a [ __ ] going on
everywhere and you feel like it's like
pretty much you got to pick one of 10
options you have to think where were you
gonna go we gonna do well so so yeah
that's the UH yeah first little problem
here obviously but like that's like the
it's always like you're always stuck in
opportunity costs because like you know
you get the you get the dreaded WYD
from ex-friend that you know on on
Twitter or whatever and you're like [ __ ]
man do i bail from this and go over
there you know what if he's lying to me
what if he's going to a thing that sucks
to ask more than what I'm at right now I
don't know just you know how do you how
do you deal with it what do you what's
your what's your tactic for deciding on
what you're gonna do when you're at TC
Gladys a whose way I'd rather spend time
with it's all I do
so we're with it so if I'm not with you
it means I don't wanna hang out with you
that's what's going on Tran you
understand mm-hmm no you know I you know
what
I don't want to bring this up destiny
but you know last year when we when we
uh when we actually did we me for the
first time last rich rich fun that is
that where we first met IRL together I I
don't remember actually did I've done so
much [ __ ] this past year
you didn't go to Berlin did you no I did
not not one of them let's rich gone
before that yeah yeah we hung out the in
the lobby of the the mailbox yeah and
you were like you're being kind of weird
cuz like you didn't want to like you
know cuz you were like you didn't want
to sit next to me cuz you didn't wanna
like you know I guess I guess it's like
you know to dude sit next to each other
on the same casuals calling to home to
I'm a full book for you too homoerotic
so you're just kind of like wait what
definitely
I found [ __ ] post here no no it was cool
we hung out briefly um yeah I was like
it was me you Greek [ __ ] it was like
there are a lot of people I remember
yeah thing came around was there too I
don't know Marissa go [ __ ] other
people right there and I was I wasn't
there very long though I had to I saw
you all there but I was already already
agreed to go to something else
and what do you know I want to be a
douchebag I want to blow them off or I
don't know what it was it's problem here
I wish I remembered what the thing was
so I can contextualize wydad why didn't
hang out with the boys and y'all but I
don't remember but ya know yeah I'll uh
I'm gonna do better this time actually
I'm trying to actually keep my schedule
super open for anything to happen so all
I have this year is um I have a meet and
greet actually why it takes extra
upgrade here I have a this year I have a
90 minute meet-and-greet
do you've a meet and greet yeah actually
okay cool actually about your give me a
hipster and tell you didn't bother to
agree to one or whatever nope I am super
excited I got one it was all like a
bunch of other huge streamers so mine's
gonna be [ __ ] but I don't cry I'm so
excited
mmm yeah mines also gonna be pretty [ __ ]
- because I well well so usually I've
been I was given a 16 minute one but
they gave me a 90 minute one this year
but I'm but I'm in like a really
powerful blocks I'm definitely the
weakest one on this block like it's like
trick2g and a much other like really
huge dudes and then this means
I'm getting carried really hard by a
chayote motive hopefully maybe we'll see
but I got some swag though I got my got
my boy some stuff here I got him a
really cute uh I got some some really
cute little trikes posters Oh a little
small that [ __ ] I got a mystery gift for
all the people in my line if they uh
they come visit me so [ __ ] it was
supposed to spoil that mmm anyways I'm
the [ __ ] hello
get out that out the model a little I
have a little mixer the little button on
there she posting but yeah I have a
90-minute meet-and-greet on Friday I'm
part of the global emote meetup
happening Saturday afternoon at 2
o'clock and some [ __ ] hallway
wherever so they'll be like me kreygasm
hotpokket dansgame i don't know as many
holy [ __ ] you are so [ __ ]
oh my god i thought that my a thing with
stucco i just looked at your meet and
greet session
jesus oh yeah I'm [ __ ] Wow read off to
me whisper in my ear how [ __ ] am I
tell me you're with kripp Tyler won
beauty pie and then trick2g this angry
pug guy I think is pretty big early
dansgaming SCARA holy [ __ ] good luck
I'm ripped BAM look you see they all
gotta do is just like pat out you know I
got you know it's me the I'm already a
king at patting content here really no
I'm the one talking muslins podcast
right now so I don't know why you said
trick2g he's literally but like damn the
other guys are way bigger there yeah
you're gonna do it did I play video all
you read the list one time so I don't
yeah it will be an issue doing like uh I
pad it out really easy you know as long
as as long as my line is not empty
before 90 minutes is up
you know then no one's gonna make fun of
me so as long as I just Pat it up really
hardcore we cool we good
I'll bring some fans that will come
through the line if you take that be
really really cute
hey look if you come through my line I
will come through your line to my whole
[ __ ] aisle and then your boys are so
so baited I can cut it I can cut all
your fans and they won't even [ __ ]
trip
no not that be them acute though I mean
if you got time make you stop by but not
it's all good you know well listen I'm
gonna stay tomorrow it's gonna be a lot
of click fun I look forward to it
well if not tomorrow then the day after
something right yeah no um yeah baby you
got my number just DM me call me text me
whatever it's all good okay yeah
honestly just let you know I uh I took
the W wide beam because it's more about
like what were you gonna be at the more
I know where people are gonna be at the
more I can like try to be there where
they where they at when they be so it's
all we got to do because there's nothing
worse than like there's nothing worse
than it's not that I have to be where
you are but you didn't tell me where you
were gonna be and so I find out that oh
man dude you and tal one like went
go-karting randomly yeah I did me oh man
[ __ ] them sitting out this old [ __ ]
boy ass party doing nothing right now
you know that that's my for the betrayal
you didn't even hit me with a WYD fam
only one call away what text away yeah
which was about me Camille it it'll be
my first like decent break since I
[ __ ] this Mario maker to happen so
I'm looking forward to getting some
[ __ ] online even though some people
see work mode but like I don't notice
like there's like a very big pleasure of
like being around other streamers who
you know you don't like pre
contextualize a talking point you know
you can just kind of like you know
hommina hommina art to heart and just
kind of like you know mean you chill on
the same couch you know holding hands
and talking about all of our internal
life struggles of the stress of
streaming and broadcasting all that you
know yeah hell yeah and that minute that
[ __ ] gay as hell and I [ __ ] love it
whoa okay be positive
well I can't be funny anymore it's not
funny hey I said it's 2019 we don't say
go sell anymore okay
nobody had your one gamer moment will
you disparaged
homosexual people do you remember do I
review it
how the [ __ ] who are you to tell me
about my game
when apparently yours is worse than mine
you dropped two of them [ __ ] in
one sentence
listen America if I can all writers not
a surprising one I do okay oh so because
I'm blacking out higher standards or
whatever yep this is when you see a
knight in black you guys when you gotta
hit him with the real red bull here the
real red paw and I'm half Cuban so [ __ ]
you okay according to Nick Fuentes
you're completely white son are we
talking about it all right now yeah okay
can I go to sleep off my hangover are we
good do have any other big means no I
mean actually no we did all the fun
stuff the boring just the recent twitch
bands which are all just boring a [ __ ]
and we go for the bone now we did good
this was good we did a solid a solid
okay that's a scuff just [ __ ] I'm
sorry I'm super hungover and like really
tired and rubbery so I couldn't tell I
couldn't tell by the hair or the
composure or the tone or me doing a
percent of the talking or just you know
you having a minimal reaction to
anything I tell you at all listen I
don't know to say about video games
listen here's the real news okay there
was the one big story that you didn't
report on okay ready yeah [ __ ]
Warren is breaking out dude she is a
monster and she is coming for bytom's
weed holy [ __ ]
in one month she's gonna be within five
points okay was it still the Iowa poll
nor tell my like a bigger no this is the
national polling I think within a month
or two at the most I don't think
Elizabeth Warren will be within five
points of by then yeah well you're not
you're not wrong there there's
definitely that going on there my only
counter there is that like I think
recently I think recently Bernie had
reached a 1 million unique donors or was
it the fastest to reach 1 million eight
donors it was like one of those happens
that Matt recently got much money so
they got a lot of donors but he spilled
to put out like a video asking for more
donations because they didn't have
enough
yeah well that's also because Warren was
a you know caught up as it shouldn't say
caught but uh she had um ten ten point
eight million pocketed from her from
Canada yeah from the former Senate race
campaign so I mean
but they already admitted that she's
like cool with like you didn't using
that using that kind of money further
for the uh-huh beyond the primary so no
it's like you know counterpoint the
counterpoint their principles versus uh
other things but well well will argue
about that when you uh when you can use
two hundred million power all right well
I'll see you tomorrow buddy okay I won't
be for America love you later
important stories that I'm keeping in
the back of my head that people aren't
talking about as much more where did you
know we're ninjas viewership settled out
because I've heard people say it's as
low as like two
