what about you aqua what's the worst
thing that you've ever done to somebody
came up in that in the tiny Jam by the
way when you're in purpose yeah but no
one knew because you know oh my god
that's really bad I'm gonna pretend that
you didn't say that just say it was an
accident oh my god Scotian thank you for
the four dollars in 20 cent donation I
appreciate that thank you I know but
like Jesus like what like put the dog
the poor dog how do you feel about that
girl who said she killed a dog getting
which hundred to [ __ ] and appearing on
small news segments in different color I
did I don't want to get into this I
[ __ ] hate animals and I hate [ __ ]
people and animals it's just cuz it's a
[ __ ] dog people they're so [ __ ]
[ __ ] people [ __ ] kill kids and do
[ __ ] all the time nobody gives a [ __ ]
about anything but Jesus Christ some
chick make an artistic joke about
killing a dog in the whole [ __ ] world
as um adorbs oh my god I [ __ ] hate
people dude I think it's because destiny
lacks empathy so he imagines that humans
what humans should empathetic towards
logically he thinks other humans deserve
more empathy though he doesn't feel
empathy for anything or or maybe I
understand why people think the way they
do but it's still really [ __ ]
frustrating do you maybe that's possible
maybe you start empathizing with me
twenty underscore PhDs underscore what
is that how many times you've claimed to
have a PhD online there is a black lady
an egg a negative attitude person who
got on Twitch and she made a joke I
think or maybe you he's been real I
don't even know but is about killing a
dude's dog it made me so upset it's one
of the worst things I've ever seen on
all twitch I just can't even bear the
thought of a poor dog being killed even
though like 80% of animals you know
given to shelters are murdered all the
time around the United States and I
probably am a [ __ ] meat eater and I
killed tons of cows and chickens and
sheeps and all sorts of other animals
for my everyday substance but this one
dog that maybe possibly was killed maybe
because his girl might have commented on
it and I don't know she was joking or
not her if anything even really happened
oh my god I'm so upset okay dudes you
think nobody should care about it that
doesn't excuse her behavior what
behavior you don't even know she [ __ ]
did anything dude how do you feel about
all the dog stuff have you followed any
other heard about any of that oh the
streamer talks about killing a dog yeah
I didn't get the full details I just
watched like a brief thing on it like
some local news like their recap of
things I don't really know the details
of it but from what I hear she worked at
a shelter and then she claimed correct I
don't know the details so please correct
me on any of this [ __ ] she worked at a
shelter her was a volunteer to shelter
and like someone that she doesn't like
like wanted to adopt a dog so she killed
that dog is that what happened or
something well she her claim is issues
just making an edgy joke or whatever
right but what's the narrative what's
the narrative the joke
Pete well Pete what wait like what was
the connexxus brought up in her no no
like what is the actual joke oh I think
she was saying that somebody asked like
what's the worst thing you've ever done
and she said I killed a dog one time in
my vet office and I had the guy that I
killed it was because he was really mean
or something that's like the narrative
yeah I mean that's obviously not cool
but I mean I don't know if you're asking
me my commentary on the action itself or
the response to it I'm just curious
I think the whole thing is kind of
[ __ ] stupid regardless but I I had
people met Jackie and really really
trigger it because they were trying to
say that I don't know if I should get
into this discussion it's a little bit
heavy basically comparing what she did
which people are like this is horrible
and local news are saying like how it's
unethical and illegal to do this and
blah blah blah and like these same
people probably eat meat okay so you
know we're we're going into it so like
since I ever since I did the vegan
argument with or that with vegan gains
right I pay more attention this although
it already triggered me beforehand I
cannot believe and I already know so let
me print free foot preface this I
already know that everyone in chat is
hardcore trigger right now but literally
nothing triggers me more
nothing oh I can see you guys get mad
yeah I get real mad oh and I got a
real-life vegan here that I can circle
jerk with nothing triggers me more than
a bunch of [ __ ] retards that
literally eat meat for two or three
meals a day acting like the killing of a
random [ __ ] dog is the worst [ __ ]
thing to ever happen in the history of
the world I cannot imagine what kind of
a [ __ ] like smooth brain [ __ ]
[ __ ] you have to be to walk out of a
[ __ ] burger king with your [ __ ]
chicken ten DS and your double [ __ ]
cheeseburger bring up an article on your
phone and [ __ ] cry because a random
[ __ ] dog gets killed
nothing triggers me harder than the [ __ ]
holy [ __ ] autism dude I wasn't sure
where you go with it
I thought that maybe he would be like
like I had people might chapping like oh
you must be a dumbass you must be out of
your mind if you think that that's even
the same thing remotely I'm like a
one-hand she's has a selfish reason for
wanting to kill an animal and she does
it let's say that she's not truly
selfish reason for why you kill an
animal and she does it for her own
pleasure the other hand you have a
selfish reason for wanting kill an
animal you
your own pleasure there's no [ __ ]
necessity there's literally no
difference
yeah there's literally but the only
difference is that we as a society of
deemed puppies as being more worthy of
moral consideration than cows like yes
yeah if I if I were to walk into a
[ __ ] pound and take out a [ __ ]
crossbow and start doming [ __ ]
puppies in the head I would literally be
the worst person where like people on
reddit reposted that they want me to get
raped my child would get raped that
everything about me is destroyed in my
life and tortured and murder but if
people do it if people cut [ __ ] pig
throats that are hanging upside down and
some [ __ ] pen so that they can eat
him for [ __ ] bacon nobody has a
problem with it like holy [ __ ] like I
can't believe it it's infuriating yeah
yeah so like that should piss me off
like when I watch I used to watch like
ASPCA
I forgot what channel was on maybe like
Animal Planet simple [ __ ] basically like
people that are trying to save animals
from like you know animal cruelty
situations puppy mills etc etc which
like I don't want animals to [ __ ]
suffer but these same people often times
are like overweight digging into [ __ ]
meat as they're just talking about how
they're trying so hard to save animals
and then the worst the what the most
like ridiculous part is not the [ __ ]
saving of these pets but when they go
save domesticated farm animals and they
rehome them and like these are animals
you're eating and you're putting all
this money and time to trying to [ __ ]
save these chickens and you're trying to
find a home for these chickens and then
you turn around you eat chicken but the
only reason there's a difference here is
because like this has been a science
here and now you've linked look to the
animal and you're like oh but this is a
nice chicken the whole thing is just
ridiculous and I can't have
conversations with people that don't see
how ridiculous that is because I feel
like at that level of feeling it's such
a [ __ ] fundamental level of hypocrisy
you would have to subscribe to in order
to to be able to agree with that that
I'm like how can I have a conversation
with people that don't see that
hypocrisy i it's mind-blowing to me
here's a comment on reddit you don't
have to experience losing a child to
understand that it's worse than losing a
pet in every single way this has
negative three points like people are
down voting this guy and they're meat
eaters like if I was in a vegan
forum I could understand this but in a
forum full of people that eat meat
multiple times per day are down voting
the comment you don't have to experience
losing a child to understand that it's
worse than losing a pet in every single
way
holy [ __ ] like yeah yes now yes this is
why I tried that I mean like
unfortunately it's a spread up so often
but this is why I would like to not
bring up the vegan thing every single
every single [ __ ] day I've been not
doing it as much because 10 people
always tend to ask me about it and I can
only like avoid it so much yeah but like
this [ __ ] it's because I'm faced with
this hypocrisy every single [ __ ] time
and it just like I go from like really
angry to just like you know what I have
to accept that this is these are this is
humanity trying to protect itself you
want to continue doing the things that
you want to do and you don't want to
face you don't want to think of yourself
as a bad person and you want to lead a
pleasurable life and so therefore now
you're gonna concoct this like doobies
mental acrobatics re mental gymnastics
that gets to where ever you want to be
and they could be upset when anyone ever
like even slightly taps into that
somebody and so but a couple of [ __ ]
retards and shat keep saying destiny
that dog was somebody's property
nobody's gettin mad because the dog was
somebody's property you to see her so it
you're such a dishonest little [ __ ]
[ __ ] [ __ ] off dude
nobody is mad because it's the dog or
somebody's property come on dude girl
the [ __ ] up break somebody's car yeah
yeah like [ __ ] off dude come on
dogs aren't even worth Emma you're gonna
adopt em for literally [ __ ] nothing
at most pounds if you go to a pound
although a lot of you same [ __ ] dudes
they get so [ __ ] mad about dogs being
killed probably the people that go for
like the purebred [ __ ] they breed dogs
into like a life of [ __ ] suffering
and [ __ ] so that they can have a dog
that's mildly [ __ ] cuter that can't
even barely [ __ ] breathe because you
bred them into some horrible [ __ ]
deformed piece of [ __ ] ah dude I hate I
can go on forever about this [ __ ] but
not to me okay I'm not going to I could
[ __ ] add to that whole arguments with
the purebred going to breeder thing was
just uh why don't you talk with someone
who disagrees with you instead of their
circle drinking because everybody that
disagrees with me is a [ __ ] real
every single person that I brought on in
the past to argue with this is a [ __ ]
[ __ ]
I'm sorry but this is like one of those
few topics where it's like an
untouchable argument like the fan less
if you want to come on and argue then
here's what you need to be able to do
okay you need to come on here and you
need to give me a really good reason for
why dogs are so much more worthy of
moral consideration than cows and pigs
none of you in chat can do it I already
know that you can't do it so like that's
what you have to do not some weird it's
my property or some other equally
[ __ ] mundane or stupid argument you
have to be able to come in here and tell
me why it's okay to endorse the massive
slaughter and torture and suffering of
cows and pigs okay but for a dog that's
just an abhorrent [ __ ] idea if you're
prepared to do that a horrible death
we're talking about euthanasia we're
talking about like the nicest way you
can ever have let it like it let it
animal like leave the world like yeah if
you're capably like animals and like in
the like in the food industry leave the
world compared to like this one dog that
was probably it if the troll is not
indeed a troll was put down
what's the dated until they slept or
sedated and then killed this is like not
even the same it's not even the same
harm if you're thinking about like the
actual suffering that went into it the
whole thing is silly dustin has to be
sociopathic was again innocent emotions
people don't think logically when
they're you well that's my complaint dog
i understand why people think the ways
they do because puppies are cute and
nice and cows and pigs you never have to
lay your eyes on so you don't give a
[ __ ] about them but it's a really
[ __ ] stupid point to try to defend
like i would cry hope that you would
feel like somebody's saying that you
don't you you don't understand emotions
this person has clearly never liked
seeing what a [ __ ] animals emotions
are when they're going through [ __ ]
slaughter like you don't understand
emotions I on the other hand have kindly
liked shielding myself from the
realities of what animals go through so
I am a very emotionally aware like what
are you [ __ ] talking about dude your
your remaining ignorant on purpose and
then claiming that other people are
ignorant of the of emotions and not
being emotionally intelligent I don't
[ __ ] get that [ __ ]
anyone who has any emotional
intelligence whatsoever will see that
the [ __ ] that animals go through in
animal agriculture is [ __ ] horrific
so to clarify your semantics is your
scam said anyone who's outraged at the
girl choosing to kill the dog for no
reason should also be outraged enough
that factory farming tonight eat meat
correct because both were done at the
leisure of another person when we kill
animals for food we're doing that for
recreation when we kill dogs for fun if
the lay if the girl actually did do it
which he probably didn't but if she
actually did do it and it's just done
for recreation arguably the dog killing
is a little bit worse because it's the
property of another person but nobody
here is mad because the dog is the
property of another person one
difference is that one person chosen to
eat meat bought a grocery store does not
result in extra killings of any animals
while choosing to limit it for [ __ ]
sake I mean if you astounding why do
they put it in the store dude I don't
know I just it just appeared there and
then like I buy it and then like they
replace it and like I don't know that's
basically how it always has been
well universe started the Big Bang
started picnic sorry this is the big
thing factory farms exist and if demand
for meat is just always existed in the
world and there's never been like any
sort of [ __ ] response to consumer
demand exactly sure those aren't both
recreation farm animals are killed for
food specifically bred and made for that
dog was killed because she was the
[ __ ] [ __ ] okay let's say that I kill
you and then I eat your corpse does that
make it morally acceptable to do it
because I'm killing you to eat your
corpse you just have I seen you I need
you I need to impregnate myself and that
baby is gonna be for us or recreational
is recreational sex object how about
that and that way it's okay you can do
whatever the [ __ ] you want the purpose
of that of that baby in its entire life
is gonna be for X Y & Z and so now it's
okay because I'm a [ __ ] arrogant
human and this is what I decide another
individuals existence is gonna pertain
or it's going to a head up to the
[ __ ] arrogance of people okay now I'm
getting triggered again the [ __ ] dude
[Music]
my face when this pound has probably
killed thousands of abandoned animals
Pepe he didn't say was morally okay
because we then he said it was better
because we do but that but nobody would
accept that argument for a human let's
say that you break into a place and you
find 100 corpses 100 schools right and
you find out that the person captured
and murdered 100 people okay obviously
this is horrible
then let's say you find out that the
person ate all of those people does it
become less horrible because he ate them
but he ate all the menus even the parts
he didn't eat he decided to use for
clothing so that's like it's like you
know when you hand animals it's like you
use the whole animal so it's okay right
because that's an argument that people
[ __ ] we're gonna can man it's just
really ridiculous that we gauged the
value of another individual on how like
the public decides to feel about that
individual not because of any kinda
individual did but because of just like
and their features aren't as cutesy as
the other ones it's really disgusting to
me
it's like if every time a person was
born the public had a like vote on like
how they deemed that person to be like
worthy of being consideration yeah I
guess more consideration like oh this
baby is not it's cute the other baby so
this baby is worthless it's like that it
really is kind of really disgust me
the level of like ownership that humans
have to take over all of the level of
like asserting their own dominion over
other individuals and as anything you
extend to animals people do this to
other people but once other people okay
I can't get this guy cuz that's like not
even my real name is gonna be when we
arm all the teachers and the teachers
start killing kids on accident might get
kicked out of school ducks because
people got triggered over something that
might have happened
whirl is so ridiculous yeah that girl is
like I'm like local right there's been a
couple of international news outlets I
think that even picked up that story
people are real mad about that dog or
maybe that potential dog that might not
even really exist destiny doesn't say
abusing animals is okay and he doesn't
say he hates animals most people are
still like emotionally attached to these
positions that they just go [ __ ]
crazy as soon as you say something that
like slightly contradicts their
worldview it's really easy to tell it to
because like anytime I get into these
conversations people this [ __ ] on my
separate it did it recently do you
believe that killing animals per the
unnecessarily killing animals is immoral
me personally no what about torturing
them though what about torturing the
animal like they like people just get
like so was legitimately curious I just
wanted to know if you thought it was
okay to just run outside the back and
and take a lighter and just set dogs on
fire all [ __ ] day I was just an
intellectual per se like I like retards
like this get like so [ __ ]
emotionally like been into their
positions it's like [ __ ] pure [ __ ]
autism yeah it's just it's a boring
conversation to me I don't like arguing
till they get like that are like crying
when they're trying to like show their
opinions and it happens every single
time like we have these discussions
where like all of the people that want
to think of the contrarian stance are
like so [ __ ] like emotionally [ __ ]
like rooted into their positions of it I
can't even fathom are you saying that
you would rape a dog that you would the
explode it's [ __ ] rectum with your
penis because you okay stupid it's no
kind of [ __ ] to pretend you're on
