what's up guys we're gonna episode 10
the DJ podcast I'm joined here about my
amazing amazing co-host trihex and we
man do we have a show for you today that
is definitely unlike all the other shows
we've done
how you doing this week buddy I'm doing
good but I couldn't help but notice your
adjective of choice they're amazing I
can't tell if you're like genuinely
complimenting my my ability to co-host
or if you're just like you're being such
an epic Jesse Lee Peterson shooter now
that you're on ironically ironically
using his mannerisms in your everyday
dialogue now amazing so I've been
playing subnautica this week it's been a
lot of fun be like I just said the word
of them to totally change topic yeah
[ __ ] I've actually it's actually very
strange now that I think about it
Lily Picchu and some of the people in
the offline TV house now are using de
DeMille like stuff like that if you go
back like a year like the thought that
you would be able to connect like a
catchphrase of Jesse Lee Peterson with
like the little like Asian people that
play video games and do music and the
offline TV streamer house it's like that
that path is very funny to be thanked
yes yeah that's the internet continuous
further than further we're getting
further interconnected here and you know
you ever think about the fact that we're
gonna have like there's gonna be like me
mala gist and in about another 20 or 30
years because like the post internet
meta of discussion will have been so
saturated and so deeply intertwined into
like being the meta of the meta of the
meta with so many layers deep that
you're gonna need someone who's
genuinely just studies like mean trends
to understand like fall under like
sociology or some other type of my
anthropology maybe I'm probably like
some broader thing nah bro it's gonna be
big is the one thing it's gonna be its
own thing dude meme historians dude mean
preservation it's gonna be a thing
people will look back at us in like a
year it's going through hundred be like
what the [ __ ] were they think in 2019
and 18s in 1617 it's gonna be crazy dude
it's possible hold on change the scene
you lazy [ __ ] can you guys call okay
listen
discord did [ __ ] discord updated their
[ __ ] and it made it so that I can't
[ __ ] capture - [ __ ] without it
lagging horribly without doing some
weird [ __ ] this is setup as some website
this is one of these right it took us
like 20 minutes to get this set up
something happened with discard with
discord updated and now if I try to
capture disk or without hardware
acceleration it's literally like 3 FPS
or like super [ __ ] so I'm doing some
really weird I'm capturing like the
whole monitor and cropping it down but
it looks fun of me with it
oh okay I see now they see the eye but
don't you know what you know what what
happy okay first thing here's they're
never gonna be happy so you don't even
don't even show weakness they they're
like a pack of like savage hyenas
they're they smell blood the minute they
smell fear that's gonna they're gonna
they're gonna pounce further and further
dude okay so how you doing you said you
were sick this week you said you'd tore
bicep curling in the [ __ ] power rack
would you do well obviously I [ __ ]
live bro some alpha is foot yes I was I
was at the gym last Tuesday and I I was
doing trap raises and I over extended or
I over flex or I went to him on it I put
like I had four fives on each on each
side and was trying to like you know get
get nice and I didn't feel it right away
I I did I did my set did three sets of
twenty it was awesome felt great no you
know that might you know my quarter chub
got about a half an inch longer because
I was just like feeling the feeling the
the pump and everything and then about
12 hours later that night when I tried
to sleep my back was very irritable I
could not get comfortable no matter what
way I was asleep on my back and I
realized that oh [ __ ] actually strained
the muscle region of my back near my uh
my left shoulder blade
my girlfriend could feel it was like a
very very tense and it's super sucked
cuz uh as you maybe y'all don't know
because it's a fortunate thing here but
whatever you have an injury in your back
that affects everything because you find
out how how frequently you use your back
for transitional movements to like
convey like motion through your arms via
the back a lot so when I was when I
would grab like gallon of milk that you
know that hurt I'm grabbing anything if
I'm like you know even if I'm doing like
a particular posture while playing
gaming and streaming it's bad like all
of that just like rips right through the
spine and it's super duper sucks
yeah I remember I was telling you
earlier when I am I hurt my back be
wracking a squat and I realized the next
day like that literally every single
[ __ ] thing you do in your life your
lower back especially it's like so
important like even even like somebody
like calls you and you're like raising
your head out of bed or you're getting
in and out of a car these like seemingly
normal tasks become literally [ __ ]
impossible to do and like trying to like
trying to hold everything straight and
never ever bend or flex like even
remotely is like [ __ ] impossible it
seems like um one of the worst things
about like [ __ ] something over the
gym is that like if you I don't know if
you get like paranoid or whatever but
like especially this happened when i
when i was i coming out after my um i
don't right now obviously when i went
back to after my back injury was anytime
you would do something and you'd have
this horrible lingering thought where
like maybe maybe something didn't feel
necessarily right and you're wondering
if you injured yourself but you knew you
wouldn't know until like the next
[ __ ] day because it always takes like
[ __ ] twelve hours for that [ __ ] to
show up yeah now that is a perpetual
fear that this isn't my first time was
only my second time getting it into the
gym the but what I've learned from the
first time was that I shoulders I really
want to relax on because you know if you
think about the miracle of the human
body right the the fact that we have a
rotating cup alright I think it's the
most complicated running your body your
shoulders are right yeah that is a
miracle of science there I don't I don't
do like I I'm s tup as I did a shoulder
exercise the wrong way and that super
sucked that was that was not fun at all
to deal with that add to me I don't like
take three weeks off gyms because I have
to let it heal like full-on and I wasn't
scared it was it wasn't really going to
heal because that really scared me yeah
I feel like every friend I ever had that
liked his bench like 225 or more has
always had like a shoulder injury to
talk about like it seems like a really
[ __ ] common thing when you start
lifting heavy on the gym yeah I
definitely um so I big respect goes out
to me think you're what like anything
with a big rotational like mechanism
involved in and so like I don't know
pelvis I'm like I I can't even imagine
what you would do other than be like a
you know competitive like sex person or
whatever but like pelvis I would never
want to try to exercise shoulders I'm
very hesitant to like do anything that
requires them to be like raised above
like that
I know this like this motion right here
I'm sorry for an audio I'm like raising
my shoulder but yeah it's a I'm scared
to do that and then finally ankles dude
like I went if I go jog I'm very eager
to like um like kind of like rotate the
is the ankle the technical part where it
rotates your foot what allows your foot
to rotate completely around like around
the ankle joint I have like with a
muscle or I've done [ __ ] now yeah
whatever that's called to that and
that's another one I would definitely
want to stretch that as well before I go
jog because like I can feel it if I
don't do that and I'd go jogging on cold
I can hear that cracking and it's really
this comforting it was like let me let
me slow down a little bit more so the
one in terms of like should the the one
whatever connects your your knee down to
your lower leg whatever the ACL is the
one that I think it's um like yeah that
she's not like basketball players and
[ __ ] like when you'd like to tear that
[ __ ] they're out for like a year so I'm
[ __ ] aren't they yeah that's that's
that's a very common 120 cos one I hear
is a really common injury as well huh
yeah so the PSA boys is definitely
stretch and definitely keep in mind that
the human body it's a miracle and
engineering but goddamn dude respect it
because uh yeah that was what I had to
deal with this past week uh that was a
terrible mostly not because of
discomfort that was unfortunate that
that didn't make it to where I couldn't
scream for more than four hours at a
time because I literally could sit in
the chair I had to go like lie down to
because of my back was at fatigued but
even then when I would go to lie down
the bed
it was just comforting because it was it
was more pressure being put no matter
how I slept whether my on my belly or my
back both sucked and I couldn't add the
like kind of like sleeping a very
unnaturally stiff state because if I
like moved a little bit it would just
like put that you know you usually put
it would put strain on them on the on
the back and some in some way and it
really sucked yeah so I feel really bad
now now that I've gone through his for
like four days I'm still healing on it
by the way anyone has ever been like an
audit thing about right now it's like if
people have been in a car crash and they
have like they require like I don't know
like spine spinal cord repair surgery of
some sort you know I mean like aback I
can't even imagine do what that must
that must just [ __ ] suck dude
yeah and the thing that's gonna suck you
the things kind of suck even more is
when you go back like so much of lifting
it is like in your head that like now
every time you start [ __ ] moving
something you can be where like [ __ ] did
I warm up enough like am I gonna but my
about to tear this ago yeah oh god like
it's such a mind [ __ ] yeah yeah I
don't know definitely dude like cuz the
biggest thing about the whole injury was
like I just want I just want to be able
to not think about the pain all day it
was like every hour we were just it
would come back in a sharp pain I'd have
to take ibuprofen due out the
unconscious yeah I'll do have ePro Finn
I was doing um epson salt baths every
night I was uh I would take melatonin so
I could just like pass out and stay out
cuz the pain was annoying my girlfriend
told me that I was like actually like
moaning in my sleep from the pain
because I would my own I would
involuntarily move my sleep to get
trying from the bullet into it and it
would hurt and I'd do all this in my
sleep do it dude y'all I was doing
IcyHot
which did help I saw it's definitely a
really good thing that I was trying a
lot of things do that this was not fun
not fun at all so I'm sorry that's kind
of why I was like not actively streaming
this week cuz that really [ __ ] sucked
gosh yeah but yeah that's been a that's
been my week not of not fun but uh I'm
healing I'm healing speaking I'm not
being healthy you ever hang out with
somebody that is um you find out like
the next day or two they get like very
[ __ ] sick and then you're like super
ultra conscious of your body like the
next couple days wondering if you're
gonna get sick and hot oh I didn't even
tell you about that oh yeah yeah yeah
you're right that last Tuesday was when
the the injury happened and then which I
which by the way again I didn't feel it
until I didn't feel until Wednesday I'm
sorry I've said 12 hours med say that
because the DC podcast happened and I
didn't even mention it at that time so
yeah actually it occurred like a full
day later Wednesday was whenever I felt
it finally but ya know my my girlfriend
came back from visiting her family in
Ohio and she was congested and and
that's where that that
cross-contamination happened and I got
congested over the weekend in the middle
of healing from the back injury and it
was like hot dude so I've been taking a
I was taking sudafed I was trying to
recover on that
dude I had mucus I got I got a I got a
tissue box here I'm taking you know her
belt eat all kinds of stuff it's not a
fun 20 my teens not fun to me so far
dude I'm Kim getting pretty mad damn it
was 2019 like it already man
bringing us all down have you played um
have you played something out of it
before
no subnautica I've heard good things
though I've seen a couple of friends
play it okay
I started playing that yesterday finally
they [ __ ] dragged me into it I
thought it was really cute
okay that's cool it's cool no idea I
want to play more of those like those
like little cute viral games that are
sensational like I still haven't played
super high or a bunch of the [ __ ] on my
placement today like that okay anything
else
cute or important that happened over the
past week
cute or important I don't know why I
said cute
Oh cuz you just said play cute indie
games I think the word was just on my
head no [ __ ] I'm here what's know what
have you been what have you been
streaming lately what do you what do you
normally stream then if you're not like
I actually don't know because every time
I watch your same after our hosts you're
like watching my debates and shows
actually we switched up a little bit
soon here cuz I feel like I need to uh I
think I don't want to be known as like
though the one trick destiny reaction
stream so I'm trying to actually switch
it up from here on out even though even
though it has been fun though has been
fun because you've just kind of been
giving me all the you know they never
want me to watch a progressive like you
know an actual like nuanced debate they
always want me to watch it you're the
the chaotic ones where like it's just
complete [ __ ] show and it's like super
yeah I can every time I know somebody or
my people they go to another stream all
they're doing it's like family go watch
those deaths anyway so it feels a little
nauseous like a sling for it yeah
actually I feel your hair line has to be
receding like
five-inch five millimeters every time
you you you do one of those things dude
I'm just like I can only imagine your
your temples flaring whenever you're
done with those kind of things
oh maybe I don't know it's just really
fun for me I don't know why I'm like
it's my lucky gift from boat that I
enjoy you know you thrive on it okay
yeah that my community made fun of me
for once I think that was actually my I
think that was actually my exact quote
it was something I was like I like these
are the environments
I thrive in and because everybody's like
destiny you should uh at one point in
time there was a big split in my
community because a lot of people wanted
me to become like like Paulie is a poly
DeFranco or something oh my pillow for
not Paulie yes I was thinking Pauly D
but no not ready to become a DJ quite
yet from jersey shore yeah yeah from
jersey shore dude a lot of people want
me to come like like Philip DeFranco and
just do like kind of like passing
commentary on news and [ __ ] it's like
dude like I feel like I'm uniquely
equipped to do these types of like
shouting debate matches without being
like full-on [ __ ] crazy so I don't I
kind of like to stick to this Here I am
I actually agree with that I'm not sure
how well that would work and uh I feel
like the whole format that um Phil
DeFranco does with the commentary on
news it's like more suited for a static
video format oh yeah there's not much to
be there's almost two contribute to it
being as opposed to being live you know
like it's like would you watch Anderson
Cooper cover news live the exam or he's
never gonna acknowledge or chat or
anything so it's like not really there
it's occasionally you know I do see you
doing things you know there's there's
the after-party whenever you leave the
call and then you like on and get like
an aftermath with with the chat and you
and I I do I do I do see you looking at
chat occasionally here and there or or
chats is reinforcing what's probably
your what you're thinking about the
absurdity of certain claims being made
by this yeah I got like sources or
real-time fact-checking and [ __ ] which
is nice sometimes so yeah yeah yeah I so
I I think you're doing the right thing
now as for what I what I also anyway Mel
its I hear it alright so Polly Polly be
think about that also slip there like
that one so like low-key used it used to
enjoy Georgie shorts oh yeah my Rachel
my ex used to watch Jersey Shore and I
caught all that [ __ ] GTL bro [ __ ] Gym
tan laundry and I see [ __ ] Adele baby
let's go
cabs here Gamzee though when a [ __ ]
um was it Ronnie who got that guy the
one punch scene or whatever that's one
point when he knocked that [ __ ] dude
out that ran up on him oh [ __ ] I don't
know did I remember I sure that's a
funny [ __ ]
I want remember about the thing I'm most
about Jersey Shore was the fact that uh
who was it do i Snooki I want to say was
she thought no know who was there who
was a
it was there who was the real cocky
douche all of them were but which one in
the secular no the one with like the the
one who didn't had the most edgiest
Guido haircut no the main one Oh Mike
the situation yeah yeah okay he said
that he yeah me I'm really good after
okay so I'm from trying to get me a gig
right now and he had said something
along the lines of that because of like
at the peak of Jersey Shore success that
he was um he was gonna headline
something really really soon I mean he
was gonna try to aim for an Oscar and
then at some point someone in the
Academy like did it in direct statement
saying that pretty much our policy will
be that we will never give anyone from
Rio will never give anyone an award for
any kind of a claim and a reality TV
show
like reality TV is not acting according
to the Academy like they like I forget
the exact story but someone somewhere
through some indirect shade at mic
trying to flex about his credentials for
acting based off of his accomplishments
in reality TV yeah it was pretty is
pretty funny I wish I remember the exact
state but to make it more of a punch but
uh yeah you know it's it's situation you
already know the focus guys yeah did you
ever see him in the he starred in that
commercial [ __ ] Bristol Palin no I
didn't know we're taking back like 10
years right now let's just look let's
just reinforce that real quick here that
like I think there's a lot of people
here who don't even like know oh yeah
couple of fortnight young uns in here
right now I don't even know about what
the [ __ ] during shore even is just cash
talking about a show it's like 10 years
old now basically just like an old
reality TV show yeah that was like one
of the one of the it wasn't one of the
first but I want to say Jersey Shore is
like the biggest reality TV show in its
time and its prime right do you think
was there anything else was bigger than
well here's a problem right I'm not
really into the the the network TV shows
cuz I hear that Big Brother was like the
original yeah yeah obviously Big Brother
to me seems so [ __ ] synthetic I could
never get into that at all I mean the
debatably lost is a reality show right
or something no no lost I'm sorry I'm
sorry
survive survivor yeah okay I wasn't yeah
survivor was was
different kind of reality show that was
realized yeah okay I'm sorry I was
thinking of Survivor by just said the
wrong name sorry oh okay you're the one
that says derail all the time but where
I'm making everybody watch this because
this commercial is too [ __ ] good okay
let's [ __ ] go what's up what's on one
sec well you get the commercial for the
[Music]
situation with the official situation
excuse me oh snap B Palin you mean to
tell me that girls actually fall for
that line come on I mean if those words
don't work I got the situation right
there I hope you're as committed to safe
sex as you are those ABS I know you're
all about that abstinence thing you know
come on be Palin are you serious like
you're not gonna hook up with like
before you manic for real for real for
real for real for real for real for real
all right well you know what I mean just
in case you do get into a situation I
want to make sure that you are situated
because if you do get into a situation
wit your situation you may end up with a
situation and you may not like that
situation trust me that I'm not getting
myself into another situation I know how
hard it is to be a teen parent you know
what I totally respect that and I
totally respect abstinence I mean it
actually has the word Absa dating on the
situation so I love that very funny
what I'm worried about you and you
practicing safe sex I actually practice
a whole lot I mean a whole lot talk
about the safe part of that ah the safe
part we got the safe part down pat what
pal magnums you know what I might be
able to spare want I mean you know give
you one it's fine I avoid situations all
right good good if you're good at
avoiding situations and you're situated
and I'm situated situations under
control well I'm glad that we agree on
one thing
pause before you play pause before you
play that's probably the most important
thing you got to think before you get
into a situation a PBY pee
that ain't no PB&J sandwich hey last
night
Wow
I've okay so I've never seen it before
holy [ __ ]
that seems so like way too I don't know
it's where they're like vulgar and
explicit to be an actual like abstinence
PSA is that what that actually wasn't
supposed to be that yeah I can't they're
trying to make abstinence like more cool
for kids I [ __ ] I thought Bristol Palin
at this point doesn't she have to I
don't want to be incorrect here doesn't
she have three kids among three
different people at this point I could
be wrong on that
do you I have never seen it before but
oh my god I
that was that was amazing genuinely I'm
I mean it worked to kept my attention I
was expecting like a really boring tame
PSA whatever he ever say it's gonna be a
pro apps in its thing I'm like okay cool
but you know that was you know I was so
explicit I was really surprised long
sigh she has two children amongst I
think two different fathers I'm sorry
she has three children but two different
fathers so three absent its children
yeah you know actually no I'm not gonna
call that bad because you know seeing my
situation advocate for abstinence or
even trying to be in such a message to
me he's already comically like an
invalid right because clear this guy you
know folks all the time and it's you
know has probably been through like
let's call like 40-plus tramps along
Staten Island but see me I'm just like
openly like good with what feels like a
candid reaction to like abstinence
obeying any kind of obligation for
premiere of to be against premarital sex
you know I actually thought that was
like a good rep there exactly it's like
it's like any given any given sexually
active teenager at that time so well
that was pretty that was pretty funny
though ya know everything I already do
with Bristol that [ __ ] is like such a
[ __ ] show yeah what would like with what
you're saying though actually now that I
think about it more it was kind of weird
because they have like condoms and [ __ ]
in the commercial as well you know but I
don't know okay I mean even when I was
waiting like he wasn't just calm she was
like you know I'm oh god wait
like no flex you know Magnum flex as
well it was like yeah this is know
what's what's I guess what's admirable
about that is like you I feel like
that's genuinely what what Mike would do
in that situation like if it was not a
situation unintentionally uh and that is
that a pond I'm gonna I'm gonna
that's a mo ticket elevator it's already
0 1 and this is a minor scale podcast
but yeah I play this how he would
genuinely act it presented with those uh
with with that in its entirety but I
didn't feel like at this connect for him
there like you know like a stiff twig on
some kind of [ __ ] PSA is he right
for that is he right for that particular
thing I don't know but regardless though
yeah you seem genuine which is like a
plus one for me yeah and then here's a
minor shout-out for the kids in the
audience something that a lot of people
don't know if you have problems with
condoms because they are [ __ ]
horrible to wear and they squeeze the
[ __ ] out of your dick original the
original size Magnum condoms are
supposed to fit normal sized penises but
they have like a better fit than like
the normal condoms that if you ever feel
like they're choking the life out of you
this is true yeah there's here there's
your meme of the day so you can feel
like a big boy if you have an
average-sized penis which is like 5.2
inches or something it's not like 12
inches don't worry you go by Magnum
condoms you feel like a boy yeah my
watch says otherwise what do you mean
yeah no no I I can I can agree that to
actually bring it back to the story I
didn't even know I had here sorry dear
Ellen to I actually still haven't told
you what I stream rightly by the way but
oh yeah int so much Super Mario maker
but go ahead well alright well i'm say
[ __ ] this isn't continued derail here
yeah and don't real quick first time
trying on a condom it was one of those
like it was a lifestyle brand condom
that was free at the barbershop
I like was super embarrassed to grab it
but I didn't want to not know how to do
it how to do it I just [ __ ] like took
out the fishbowl and ran the [ __ ] out I
don't know if like I don't know how you
came in access of condoms or whatever
point but you know at my you know I just
go to the store and I buy them I only
buy them with no other items in my
cart and I stared the cashier at the
entire time they're checking it out and
then I give him like a really [ __ ]
creepy grin like I have a really
terrible story about that to you making
me not want to be really sure this is
the dearest thing first here at like
okay so the fit though for for pro safe
sex and my barbershop where I lay at the
time they had a fishbowl with a [ __ ] ton
of condoms in it they were all like
there was really shitty cheap lifestyle
the brands called lifestyle condoms
tried it on dude [ __ ] like thing was
like squeezing my ding-dong suffocating
I was like this [ __ ] sucks is this
really what comes feel like holy [ __ ]
[ __ ] and then yeah and then I came into
access to Magnum like a later on and I
tried that I'm like oh okay this is
actually still pretty terrible because
it calms [ __ ] stuff but yeah this is
a definitely you know better mm-hmm
somewhat expensive that as well now as
for your whole like you know alpha male
you know look them right in the eye and
you know yeah I yeah I need these what's
up so [ __ ] bad dude that's a so as a
teenager I was a competitive masturbator
and there was at one point where I'm
sorry do it I can do the story here
because yeah you might as well go you
open with competitive masturbator so
you're kind of obligated to finish at
this point go ahead
alright well as a teenager I was out of
Lube I what what do I do
I don't have you know any any backups of
whatsoever so I I walked to walk to my
local Walgreens because I was like you
know I don't want my parents involved
whatnot so I was alright cool why need
some Lube or whatever and I'm like [ __ ]
okay well I'm gonna buy Lube but I got a
like buy other [ __ ] to like derail the
fact I'm buying Lube
you know it's gotta like make it like a
little more nonchalant you know I'm like
[ __ ] 15 or 14 all that what's time
something alright alright I'm gonna buy
all right so I'm walking through them
okay what can I possibly buy to make it
seem like to just like minimize the
impact behind this [ __ ] lube so
they're buying like a copy of like a
gaming magazine I had the loop and I was
like alright this is good this is good
you know what though you know what would
really do all this right now if I bought
hand sanitizer I'm a white guy so
actually be a thing if I brought hand
sanitizer
they're both
two bottles of chemicals and so it will
seem like I'm just like getting
chemicals and not like I do I got it
okay Walter White and then yeah I don't
know I thought that was gonna work I was
just like ah dude the whole thing was
really really terrible it was like Oh
something okay this probably thinks I'm
gonna like use the loop and then like
just [ __ ] hand sanitizer wash me
hands after like I'm [ __ ] dumb
like it was so wait do you actually like
would you actually buying like Lube or
were you buying like like lotion or I
thought can't you just use lotion well I
wasn't I was like I'm gonna my whole
theory where there was a guy could have
just bought lotion yeah but it was like
no I was better is it actually okay yeah
for sure fam here's an not only that too
by the way but you know lotion leaves a
smell so it's like you know if you're a
teenager you get the mom's house so you
got the smell going on this is gonna
sound really [ __ ] racist but don't
bike people have to use a [ __ ] ton of
lotion anyway so you don't get like ashy
and [ __ ] or is that not a thing am I
totally [ __ ] eventing that way do you
not do not leave no no not generally no
unless you're a woman okay so first off
the human body on average has 20 pounds
of skin on the body that is a [ __ ] ton
of skin and you should be applying
lotion because soap does dehydrate the
skin at a surface level never by lush my
life oh and girls tell me I have very
soft hands so you know what [ __ ] you
that's cause you don't [ __ ] lift high
okay dude okay dude anyway alright
lotioning everyday I'm pretty I know I
know a little bit about your people
because my one of my close friends
growing up is black and well like the
guy that I spent like every weekend with
Jay I remember he was like so I learned
a lot about black clip I learned that
you guys who use washcloths never just
bars of soap you have wash closet like
every [ __ ] bathroom I learned about
the weird [ __ ] [ __ ] you put in your
plate called collard greens I still
don't know what the [ __ ] that was art of
this day but I know that like every time
I'm over the house his dad always made
some for him and then and then I know
that you use lotion a lot because every
time my friend would come over and he
would leave my grandma would say
- this is her words okay I'm not saying
this but she would say I need to wash
the sheets because colored people have
certain smells you switch it a lot so
that that was my early african-american
studies growing up was because I had
that friend but I but in general I don't
think that white people usually lotion
every day unless you're like a like a
like a girl or whatever we'll use lotion
right I want you to know you've opened a
giant can of worms and there's no way
you can just you can go into like this
racial observation thing and he does not
like super [ __ ] derail here right now
cuz okay minor derail how did that apply
one of those come here it's not
retaliating right now because like look
look black people do XY and Z white
folks okay listen you're a potato salads
trash you use like 90% mustard you
barely [ __ ] make a confident
whatsoever y'all y'all are not about
giving us bread for white Thanksgiving
y'all y'all are definitely about giving
us with some [ __ ] store-bought piece
[ __ ] [ __ ] ass [ __ ] Walmart bread
aisle you know instant chemical filled
[ __ ] rolls with no butter in them
you don't know what the [ __ ] cornbread
is don't even respect cornbread as a
vital component of any given
Thanksgiving meal okay um you think it
was there here why people cornbread is
very [ __ ] dry I will admit that him
yeah [ __ ] uh yeah here's some tuna
casserole what also tuna I'm sorry oh
that that's that it like I would roast
here on the whole like mayonnaise Pat
that you guys have Oh from the can we
call it tuna fish by the way it's cat
food this tastes like a found I don't
know how the [ __ ] y'all deal with that
that is like no no can I deal the dude
another thing that really triggers me
here is the fact that like let me tell
you about once upon a time where I went
to a subway and I had and whenever I get
like a uh I get like a white person
who's working the sandwich assembly and
like I I legit like there was one point
where I came I can I can I can take
mayonnaise and tame doses but yeah y'all
go crazy y'all y'all y'all go literally
insane I'm like can I get light
mayonnaise you know they gave me they
gave me the fat-free mayonnaise I was
like but I couldn't put it all on there
I'm like oh my god kill me this is the
one racial stereotype that I haven't
been able to get on board with is
supposedly white people [ __ ]
of mayonnaise but when I worked at a
restaurant when I worked in a casino
every single time a black person ordered
something I'm exaggerating but a lot of
black people would always ask for
mayonnaise for like their [ __ ] fries
and [ __ ] and I only ever saw white or I
only ever saw black people dad never saw
white people do that when I worked at it
cuz you know maybe it's a little
different in the Midwest or something
they wanted they want males with their
fries yeah but like yeah or like
anything like it would be dipping like
anything they could like amazing okay so
that's okay though that is that is a
valid thing there black people hate
having it dry well okay so the
exaggerated example I can give you here
for comic relief is that if you ever
went to McDonald's and you ordered like
a like a double cheeseburger with like
no ketchup and then the driver would
come or the worker would come back to
you and the work in the to go pump be
like oh baby you want that burger drive
you don't want no mayonnaise no mother
you want that burger just meat and
cheese nothing on it so yeah that's
that's like a black people definitely
are about not having it dry we don't
want we don't want to draw you I want I
want someone there give me some barbecue
sauce give me some buffalo sauce give me
some what that [ __ ] dry that's why
that's why we get so triggered over
whatever you guys give us the the the
Thanksgiving rolls with no butter on
them because [ __ ] are dry and
untoasted and store-bought
no love okay so well if we're done
[ __ ] on my people nice reverse
racism by the way I mean I just I I I do
what I could derail the bar I could
debunk the patient's bring up here about
the about motion cocoa butter the lube
story and everything else here by oh
damn oh no you don't have to debunk oh
it wasn't like an accusation it's just I
think that for like I think that when
your skin is darker if you are if you
have drier skin it's like more visible
than like if your skin is like if
someone's got really life's kind of they
have dry skin you can't really tell but
about if your skin is darker and it's
you know really dry then it's like very
apparent right yeah yeah I think it's a
fair agreeing right there also um just
another thing if you wanna know like
look at that that's a minor struggle
when it comes to the real black struggle
it's actually
razor bumps like the fact that okay you
know what real white privileges yeah
y'all can [ __ ] y'all can shave dry and
not break out in a frenzy of of razor
bumps and acne and things like that
black people because of the the fact
that our hair grows
Kerli whereas y'all's grows like longer
and I feel more straight I know thank
you think like a typical white white
chest area and you know you did not
fully white the uh yeah like it grows
back curly which is really prone the
hair bump so I have to so I have to if
when I do shave at the shape of a very
particular way I can't go against the
grain and I have to do with a very
particular like Pro black hair type of
razor with a very specific very specific
like you know black products hair
treatment like shaving cream and all
that I like I cannot like even though
even though we would talk about gel
Gillette last week here I would I
genuinely could never use a regular
Gillette white guy razor with Gillette
white guy shaving cream that would make
me break out so [ __ ] bad and would
take like a month for all that to heal
like for me to have this pristine
beautiful even though I guess not
clean-shaven right now but if I went to
a barber got lined up here like for me
to have like a you know a pristine
pretty face I have to use black products
and it makes and shaving for me it's way
more complicated I feel then the
comparison for regular white white skin
with white hair sure I think that's
another thing and I like lucked out
hardcore and I can take like the really
shitty like one dollar razor and then
just stand in her hot shower and shave
and it's okay but yeah a lot of people
like sensitive skin and [ __ ] which seems
like it's really shitty something that's
kind of related to that this is our
final derail of the d relevancy whale I
don't think the one I don't think I had
this conversation with you we had this
conversation on stream on whether or not
black people cut white people hair I had
this really awkward moment in Virginia
when I was looking my ex at the time and
I drove to a barber shop because I just
like put in my maps like barber shop and
I walked him and it was like a hundred
black people and I sat in the chair for
a little bit and I noticed that every
single black person had like the buzz or
whatever right and and then I got up and
left
[ __ ] worried they have no idea what
to do but we did a bunch of googling and
we found some answers I'm curious have
you seen any like your black barber
where you go or whatever or I actually I
just made that assumption maybe you
don't maybe go to a like where everybody
goes do you go to like a special black
barber do you just go wherever how does
that work this is actually a really
awesome question here because so the
first in the inverse here is I've never
been to a white barber before I wouldn't
know even what to ask for if I went to
that went to I go like I got super cuts
like I wouldn't even ask for there
no I've always gone to a black barber
that's been trained for my from my dad
wasn't because I could just go to the
black barbershop period know what to do
but now here's a cool thing though yeah
the bar well first thing you know it's
2019 and it's very different than even
like you know when I was a child like
2000 going to barbershop I find honestly
now my local barber shop that I go to
they it so it's a regular black barber
shop but there are more white kids in
there than black kids dude every white
kids going there and get in like the
double oak the low-cut fades like that
the three razor lines are trying to get
the UH they were like a bent on the leg
on gravy they want to look like easy and
not easy
who's the other guy um forgetting is
easy yeah easy
like name any like predominantly white
rapper and they all want like below cut
like him they're all they're all doing
that now okay I'm sorry
Oh Jim sorry that's easy GG easy I'm
sorry I said that's at the wrong I'm
sorry easy Jim you see you're not easy
yeah yeah my bad so yeah it's a little
bit pressure except like recall the
names right away I'm on the live podcast
it's like usually had something about it
I can I can let it out Turin yeah yeah
well we'll add that in post oh yeah oh
yeah there's there's a [ __ ] ton of white
kids in the barbershop now getting
getting [ __ ] fresh ass lines dude
because y'all up the line I thought the
the the big advantage here is that like
the the perceived advantage I think is a
the white barber doesn't do the fireline
whereas like the black barber will
always give you the line you know you
could like the the sick I don't know I
really describe it here be good there
you know the box around the forehead and
you get like the arch going down to the
sideburns and you get that uh they ask
you how you want the back your neck you
want it you want a box you want to fade
it in you want to be like a V you want
to be able to fade like like if you have
a good barber they're gonna ask you like
what you want and they always give you
the razor cream razor line edge after
like you get it goes hot I don't know I
feel like if I walk into like a
Supercuts hey how you doing what would
you like today and it's just like you
know you know it's scissors and get the
[ __ ] out my chair you're don't yeah
that's why it's why I imagine any wave
compares a black barber you're going and
you're getting like you get like 40
minutes of love and it's pretty pristine
that's why that's why you've seen the
whole freaking you know the the the wave
the the wavy black hair with the air
pods mean because
look so [ __ ] fresh that's what it is
okay cool I'm not even sure how much
that maybe that's not even necessary
like a black versus white thing but like
a nine dollar haircut out of Supercuts
versus like a like actually going to a
barber - yeah well you know what to be
fair there I don't even I'm ignorant of
the fact I don't even know like what
white folks go to like it maybe should I
go to a salon I'm a meeting on
supervisor Vidal you know we got a
normal bar my white friends do I'm sorry
you gotta you gotta fill me in I go to
normal barber friend where y'all go to
get a haircut okay alright
are we good they probably no one goes to
the barber I Walmart I'm sorry dude that
that had to close any any barber shop
that was at a Walmart once upon a time
like 15 years ago definitely closed down
and became a McDonald's at this point
for sure sure I mean I'm sure I'm sure
there are people that have to write if
you know how much money there's what you
could do everything at Walmart at some
point it had like [ __ ] they've got
like I like vision centers and all sorts
of other crazy [ __ ] that's like pretty
affordable I mean but you're getting
Walmart stops now well also the next
week the interview of various haircut
people and asked a movie that'll be our
shoot for that for our next guest okay
so the maggot kids this was like the I
put this is the light topic before I
started reading into it but it's
actually a lot more interesting I
thought this was like the dominating
[ __ ] headline story for the past like
[ __ ] also topic one we got okay yeah
topic wanna like one topic one so if you
follow this basically a story got put
out that was like a bunch of kids were
standing around some Native American and
it looked like they were all surrounding
him and being disrespectful and the way
that the stories were kind of crafted it
basically looked like some innocent like
Native Americans were like doing a
prayer banging some drums and like a
whole bunch of mega kids came up and
were staring him down and being
threatening etc and then later on more
context was kind of posted for this
story and it turns out that that initial
narrative was pretty pretty bad the way
they frame the story was pretty bad that
the maggot kids were already there
protesting some anti-abortion [ __ ] and
I'm like the Native American people
which I think from the
Omaha tribe which was the city I came
from I think that is true basically
showed up and started to like do a
prayer to like calm people down or some
[ __ ] and then the kids kind of gathered
around and whatnot so kind of misleading
at the beginning yeah but the did you
the the very interesting part about this
story though and the the thing that like
it's very scary about this is I remember
when we talked about the Russian stuff
one of the scary things with the Russian
[ __ ] the idea that people can actually
have like a handle on media cycle so
well that they can like get a fake story
to spread very organically that's
something that's like very scary to me I
don't know if we've talked about
specifically but have you played like
you said you'd play the Metal Gear Solid
games before haven't you or am I crazy
no I said I've played through one but
it's been a long-ass time I'm with the
plot it's very interesting but the the
in Metal Gear Solid 2 the story the main
story of the game is that they're trying
to create this like AI that can control
information all across the world
kind of like the Ministry of Truth in
1984 the idea that they could edit
stories and selectively publish certain
things and basically get people to
believe things that aren't necessarily
true and it is intensely interesting to
me that the so when this story first
blew up that first misleading clip that
was posted was posted on a sock puppet
Twitter account the Twitter account that
or go ahead say now when you say sock
puppet Twitter account what can you
elaborate on with that what that means
yeah so the initial Twitter account that
posted this is called at 2025 and it's
it kind of like positioned itself as
though it was like a teacher and that's
what all the tweets read like break like
oh yeah you know like I'm a teacher and
I blah blah blah I think the last tweet
and this account before got suspended
was going to take a little Twitter break
the whole shutdown slash mega kid series
of dramas have me burnt out there's so
much hate on all sides and I need to
step away from it so I don't get sucked
in again
but it turns out that this account is
not a teacher the apparently the
pictures are lifted from like some
brazilian news anchor some brazilian
model or woman or some [ __ ] and the
the whole framing of this is just very
interesting me somebody it was reported
I think in The Washington Post that
people were saying that you could
actually find this account on a website
and you could pay money to this account
a bit like post stories and whatnot so
it seems like the account was used to
post a misleading clip in the hopes that
the clip would explode and go viral and
then cause this like huge fighting on
both sides and that manipulation of the
news it's like I don't have you just it
was probably astroturf thing but like
this this like getting an account with
some reach to post a fake story to like
cause divisive nasaan both sides is very
very interesting to me holy [ __ ] yeah
but it also reveals more about kind of
the meta commentary on the the breaking
news right the the whole breaking news
cycle where yep and you see this happen
thomas i'ma getting here too I'm
thinking back to the particularly for me
most work most recently the the the
Minnesota Chipotle racist kids the
battle where black kids came in and they
were refused service in the Chipotle but
oh yeah those were feel that they were
they were like known dine and dash ders
and the manager refused to serve them
because they had already and it had a
skewed rabid reputation but that wasn't
completely missing in their frame
context of their initial video with
viral but yeah the point being that yeah
like we and then in the effort to get
breaking news that happened or in any
kind of way we're most I guess like the
the the anonymous public mass of social
media particularly are very reluctant to
say okay well it's what's the full
context here what is the context it just
assume that what's being framed is like
the only needed context and we already
go into conclusions over who's right
who's wrong yeah and really that's um
really all of you want to blame 24-hour
news cycles on this kind of bleeding
from them into social media now or who
what but yeah that's a it's a very
annoying problem to deal with yeah this
is something I actually got into a huge
fight with when I teach fight but I got
into a big disagreement over this with
with Hasan where it was actually very
very interesting or not interesting he
was very upsetting to me that people are
so obsessed with reporting on things and
like framing stories about breaking news
and I get something that I [ __ ]
hate it I hate it so much that like when
breaking [ __ ] is happening there's like
a big school shooting or some [ __ ] is
going on like in my chat like I always
tell people to like [ __ ] off and we'll
talk about it tomorrow
like I don't [ __ ] care right now
nothing in my life is going to be
impacted in the reporting in the first 6
hours of this [ __ ] [ __ ] wait
until the [ __ ] facts are and wait
until we know what happened we could
talk about it tomorrow or the next day
when the [ __ ] is all blown over I think
so I do agree that cuz he has a lot of
impulsive irrational you know you're
emotional right you get the like I sit
on and me like slow things down and
process everything in a more neutral
state because yeah you know school
shootings are bad I think smell yeah
when I want to I want immediate ly blame
the shooter but you know what's the
context here of what happened you know
was he was he bullied and provoked and
you know there's a lot of things that
can go into any particular and as I said
he you know whoever right
whatever it could be but um I wasn't
asking about that realistically here
though we can't really like so you're
advocating that we all just like wait 24
hours but is that realistic here like
well it's not realistic because the
media is driven for the media is for
profit so people obviously won't do it
but yeah I mean I think that this kind
of behavior does a demonstrable harm to
to our democracy as much as I [ __ ]
hate democracy know this is one of the
reasons but yeah I think that like how
many times do you hear people like you
take these kinds of narratives and like
use it for harmful [ __ ] remember when um
one of the examples I should remember
example exactly but the one that I
remember so I remember it's strong I
don't remember the details but there was
that there was a I want to say there's a
shooting at a mosque or something in
Canada and I think Trump jumped on this
immediately instead of talking about how
they saw like a Muslim that did it and I
think it later turned out that the
Muslim was the one that like reported
the guy who caught the guy doing the
shooting and I think it was like a right
does somebody have a link to this actual
exact story so I don't butcher this oh
but it ended up being like exactly the
opposite but nobody you know the problem
with news cycles is that nobody cares
about retractions right like if you
publish an initial damaging story and
then do a retraction later that nobody
[ __ ] follows or try it's like it's
like a 10% engagement or whatever you
hundred percent worry about that that is
a very valid thing I couldn't even I
recall another big story that happened
in the retraction got I mean like you
said 10% maybe of the initial traffic to
really reinforce that was it already it
passed but
also we're also comment is really crazy
a timeline right now though where we're
almost in like what's like sensational
news fatigue right because like I don't
know I don't want to just blame it on
particularly like just Trump's Twitter
any given time but like man you got oh
my god it is like six things going on
and he get every given day it feels like
already given week like it's always
something now like I remember when they
used to be like more quiet and we had
more like superficial topic so maybe
because we're it's more like in a more
politically woke environment now than we
ever were before but like I'm thinking
back to like even just 15 years ago even
like 10 years ago and it wasn't like
anywhere near what it is now yeah yeah I
think that social media like [ __ ]
amped [ __ ] up so [ __ ] much too
whereas like before at the very gentlest
and [ __ ] and you can argue that the
media can have bad intentions which is
fine but like i don't know like a few
bad actors in the media are a lot easier
to sift through than any [ __ ] idiot on
social media being able to like cause
international headlines by posting
stories that can be totally [ __ ] fake
like there's so much power now given to
the average person and that anything can
blow up and be [ __ ] you know
massively huge and yeah Oh somebody
linked me a story where Fox News
apparently Trudeau actually reached out
to Fox News to correct them because they
originally were saying that the suspect
of the shooting was ah was of moroccan
origin and then it later came out that
it was like far-right violence for the
person that actually did the shootings I
was the exact opposite in our interview
okay six people were killed in 19 people
were injured in this attack okay okay
but yeah anyway yeah that's it kind of
reminds me of um when I was reading
through a lot of a lot of the Moller
indictments it was very very very scary
how sophisticated other people and other
countries like [ __ ] halfway around the
world can be when it comes to our
political narratives like
reading how like this is some of these
accounts [ __ ] what was it it was like
their well oh god I wish I could
remember like blacks for Jill Stein and
[ __ ] and like these tweets and Instagram
posts for things like you know like
Hillary Clinton and whatever don't care
about like the black struggle in chat
blah blah blah blah like we need to send
a message politicians about third party
like all of these accounts that were
just ran by Russians that we're like
that were
so deeply embedded in our like political
conversations of [ __ ] that that I don't
know if you ever saw tweets posted from
the at ten underscore GOP account and it
looked like it was like the Tennessee
GOP or something like I think even Trump
retweeted this account was ran by this
like it was called internet research
agency which was a which was basically a
sock puppet company that was created by
Russia to [ __ ] with our political you
know conversations and there were like
there were points where like there were
protests that were set up and like like
Russian influence people had to set up
both sides of this protest like the Pro
and the con part like it was just
[ __ ] insane like yeah holy [ __ ] it
was just like and it's so scary and then
now seeing like this thing like and this
is basically gotten we're like a [ __ ]
post on a tweet on an account that was
totally [ __ ] fake has now got didn't
didn't Trump say didn't Trump invite
those kids now to the [ __ ] White
House did he I I didn't I didn't follow
it to that for I don't want to sleep
[ __ ] I thought I I thought I heard
people talking about this the other day
that like it was getting to the point to
where I'm either Trump was like inviting
these guys the water he was going to
visit but he's come out like publicly
and defended I'm insured so you
literally have like the most powerful
man in the in the world is now making
commentary on an incredibly divisive
issue that's probably irritating most
more people on both sides because now
everybody's [ __ ] mad about this half
for good reasons have for [ __ ] reasons
and then just whatever and all of us
just came from a random Twitter account
that somebody paid to basically tweet a
fake story on like this [ __ ] insane
holy [ __ ] yeah that is actually really
scary to think about it that big
perspective here yeah yeah now why do
you think it was no so this was so you
think that the motive here was done just
to like rile up everyone and make
contain things be divisive going into
just going into the future here or you
feel like it was like a this is like a
thing that's like kinda like a test to
see what can be done and like the flex
and then maybe have a good edge in the
next time if it happens again I mean not
a conspiracy rabbit-hole this point well
I don't know I mean just because I mean
Russia has been involved in so much of
this before I mean like if we go the
foreign influence route than the obvious
answer is that showing any type of
political divisive Ness is really good
to [ __ ] with the stability of the
American political institution I guess
our our political institutions any kind
of divisive necess really powerful
performance
because a country divided against itself
can't stand against others right but but
I mean it's also possible that it was
real it was just like a lulz like some
random dude was like I'm just gonna [ __ ]
with everybody and pay this accountant
posis that's possible to I it's it's
hard to say one way or another Twitter
suspended the account so they must have
suspected some extreme wrongdoing to do
it because it's pretty exciting for them
to suspend an account of our fake news
story but um yeah I mean a we would we
will just have to like wildly speculates
figure out like why it happened because
it's yeah okay yeah that's crazy yeah
I'm working I should be - I wasn't
following SuperDuper closely like Owen
thing I really have her to contribute
like all the boring details about the
fact that the Covington Catholic High
School in question has like a big like
from what I read on it have a big
culture problem because it was like but
it was kind of like all painted in
narrative - I could be enforced the kids
were actually like being super
disrespectful like super duper like like
blatantly taunting but we know more
about the context of that since then so
yeah apparently the kids are there's a
lot of [ __ ] flying around oh and I'd
caution people apparently the kids might
be like pieces of [ __ ] like they've done
shitty things in the past but um be very
careful that you're not looking for like
post hoc rationalizations and then
avoiding the fact that you you initially
got insanely triggered and tilted a
totally [ __ ] fake story it is
possible to these kids have been
involved in shooting stuff in the past
and have done bad stuff in the past I
haven't dug too deeply into that but um
yeah yeah I mean like just be careful
because we all know that that's not why
we're upset right now right we're upset
because this initial story was post and
a lot of people thought it was like
presented honestly what's very real so
yeah that's one thing I don't feel
comfortable sharing yeah yeah it's not
like the whole thing is kind of like to
me that his whole story feels like a
tainted [ __ ] show and you feel like you
kind of you feel like you're kind of a
victim of it at this point so I was like
want to brush it off yeah speaking of
tainted [ __ ] chosen victims smashed
coach Pierce what's going on here hot
topic - well so what happened this this
week here was the fact that we have in
the Super Smash mobs ultimate the new
smash bros came out in December it's
been super viral it's been enjoying some
very sick viewership numbers on Twitch
right now you may have may have observed
on Sunday for a recent tournament it
garnered
7t k 7t k plus concurrent viewers for
its a for a tournament which was really
really sick and it was a phenomenal time
everyone had a blast watching it well
one of the one of the dominant players
on tempo storm of my team here zero his
coach over the years Pierce had was let
go by tempo was let go by tempo they
they agreed to part and the official
reason was because zero recently went
super viral on streaming says that he
wants to prioritize maintaining his
stream clout more so than going into
competing in tournaments because compete
you know competing on competing being a
competitor and then being a streamer
it's like it's kind of like in some
certain degrees is like kind of an
opposition because uh you know to be to
be an optimal competitor you kind of
want to do optimal practice which is
probably a very boring non interactive
sterile you know stream content plus you
can just practice more effectively
offline so you're not the burden of the
interactive chat at any given point
right so being a competitor is kind of
like so it certain extent at at war with
being an optimal streamer where you're
gonna be like you know max interactive
and all things you can't do of by
comparison a static YouTube video well
so for according to pierce the idea was
that well you know he doesn't want to
compete very actively anymore he wants
to just go to tournaments every now and
again so me as a coach for him I'm not
really getting much I'm not really
getting much omyeon here to do so I kind
of want to like branch out and do
something else
so the idea or the the presentation here
was that they tempo parted with peers
because of that however though with that
announcement that he's leaving to most
storm came forward that one one
particular woman said that yeah well no
you're really leaving because you're
you're getting exposed right now who you
really are because you're in a soldier
and you're and you are a massive creep
to all the women in this match community
now it's important for the context to
understand that in the smash community I
think like most most most gaming
spectrums is its majority male they're
the females are a very very few but
that's why it's always a customer effort
particularly
smash to always think the women feel
extra extra welcome well and you know
have it not be like anything like
hostile because if you could imagine you
know being a girl in online gaming it's
a it's super exhausting for a lot of
reasons mm-hmm so the UM
so what happened here was a princess
Tyrol said that um yeah you're an
assaulter and he was like he was
questioning it he was oblivious to it he
didn't understand like what happened his
his his side of the of events or like
I've always been respectful to women
he's to be fair he's a very fair um he
has a very eloquent demeanor like he has
a sense of vocabulary it's very um
respectful I guess you can say very very
formal very punctual I guess we can put
it like that but he which would hurt her
what she said particularly involving her
specifically was that at a at a beach
house at a spatula tournament last July
last year in Florida that um that yeah
he had put his arms around her so tight
that she couldn't escape and that she
felt incredibly unwelcome by and did not
give his consent to touch her any kind
of way that was her side of the story
he says that no we were we were uh we
were mutual friends and I felt like I
was just being a good friend to you and
I'm but I'm sorry if you felt that I I
had crossed the line that's what else
his reply to her now over the time
though she she was a she was poked
petition was like cuz again this is like
a it's a high profile guy in this match
community it's like you know the coach
so the coach to the to the person who
was one like a head of 50 52 plus
tournament win streak zero his uh the
guy who was coaching him or the guy he
was coaching I'm sorry so this is a high
profile guy here a guy a guy in a
position of power and clout so the as
when she made the accusation that he
that he assaulted her or made her feel
uncomfortable everything was a lot
people who were coming on well what's
your proof you know what are you talking
about there's no way that not Pierce and
then she gave further details and this
is where the framing is a little bit
different now because and her in in an
initial description of what happened
here I'm thinking that they are like on
it they were like at a beach house again
with other with other people around
obviously they're all no drinking and
it's like a hot tub
nearby or something like that but though
they're on a couch together and he puts
his arms
here on the couch which uninvited I mean
again context I don't even know but like
uninvited yeah that's definitely a line
I think was been crossed as far as like
if you didn't get consent and especially
doesn't want you should try Mike remove
your hand or something like that you
should like kind of get the cue that
you're going advanced a little too far
there
but her set her elaborated stance on the
account was that actually she was um he
approached her from behind like in a
spooning maneuver and wrapped and
wrapped his arms around her and then
continued to like kiss the back of her
neck and then wanted to reach around and
like continue to kiss her further after
that was her that was heard then
elaborated account I'm like okay well
that's that sounds like a big one that
got crossed there out of met me I don't
know there's alcohol involved and
whatnot but if you there's definitely a
toward that that goes into much further
detail about it now that alone would be
one thing but to go in and further here
you also have other women who've come
forward to that they've definitely felt
uncomfortable around Pierce because he
kind of goes for like what seems like
SuperDuper steep advances with a lot of
women nothing absolutely but I'm
thinking his perspective it's more like
he's trying to like swoon the women in
question but they don't want to be
swooned like they don't want to be like
they he's just like going way way way
too in way to way too quickly and they
feel couple more they kind of on the
slow down or back off or not are not
really wanted at all and he's not
getting like that the obvious social cue
that you should like back up back off me
please
so yeah there's like there's like I can
particularly think here for women who
came out in that thread and said that
yeah you're you're a creep I don't
really like being around you now that
would be a nothing here too so we have
we have a an accusation of unwarranted
touching we have another one of general
creepiness but then the the third fact
that kind of brings all together here in
the grand context the fact that uh is
that he's made a lot he makes a lot of
really questionable tweets that are like
out in the public here one right now
yeah he regularly responds to to there
is a social media manager who manages a
porn is a pornhub Katie and you porn
bunny I forget their two names here but
it's the same it's one girl who manages
both
counts as an account manager to
stimulate social media for both youporn
and pornhub and he would readily respond
to both of those accounts separately he
didn't know the same person but uh both
accounts separately with like really
like just cringy creepy like turbo
virgin esque trihard rhetoric and she
she admitted eventually that she
actually had muted him because it was
kind of creeping her out as well which
is pretty extreme you know to be able to
even creep out us a synthetic affection
mechanism via someone managing those two
accounts uh-huh but yeah the UH the one
you're showing right here actually is a
give me some context here so while that
one is uh is a pretty pretty weird to
read there the person depicted there is
actually the the girlfriend of a top
player I just not even single like
that's a that's a the girlfriend of a
top the the world's best Pikachu and in
smash 4 and now going into ultimate so
deceive an idea of like what what is
perspective isn't it's kind of things
here so yeah um he has a lot of that
going on
I guess at his eyes it's kind of like
he's trying to he's trying to be super
super affectionate super swoony but it
seems like it's kind of just socially
oblivious it comes off as like really
really creepy and an ultimately
discomforting which i feel like he
should have taken the cube maybe at some
points here but yeah so the ultimate
conclusion here or the ultimate thing
I'm trying to accomplish is that he uh
is that yeah there's been um unsolicited
advances that may have involved touching
various various females to Spanish
community there is the the general
awkward environment that he presents by
trying to be very very explicit with
super advancing so there's touching then
there's the atmosphere in the advances
and then finally this is general creepy
tweeting of a lot of again females in
the smash community more beyond that it
all leads to just like this giant uh
this giant thing where it finally blew
up now now the the reason why this is
like noteworthy to me is because I'm
I've hung out with him before and I
always only saw the presentation side
he's a very it's a very clean person
I've never even been over house before
he came over and we did like a whole
multi-day stream extreme event where he
like he's the one who taught me how to
play hearthstone live on stream we had
we had a really fun and collaborative
event and I never thought he was like
this actually this was all this is all
very surprising me to hear about this
because none of this seemed very evident
to me but I didn't keep like a hawk's
eye on his Twitter account to see the
awkward tweets and even the one event I
was at with him I never saw you know I
wasn't I wasn't around him the entire
time so I didn't see him around any
females like doing the whole like you
know me put my hand around your waist
but me put my hand around your you know
let me will me we sit together we
watched you know the top eight at the
theater across the street from the venue
you know I'm gonna put my hand around
you whenever you know unjustified man or
whatever cuz we're sitting together and
stuff like that so all this was like
unknown to me and it's a little
problematic here because I the red flag
I did have from all this was the fact
that he he frequently would he would
frequently mute accounts because they
you're seeing here you brought that um
that that smash first Twitter page where
he has like a compilation of any smashes
were being like awkwardly thirsty
towards females in the community uh-huh
and and he he gets a lot of [ __ ] for
those awkward tweets you mentioned there
but he would always he would always mute
or block them um and you know does the
mess haze we know you're hating because
of my my my my I guess my swag my flirt
style which was like I don't ascribe
nothing like you know turbo turbo virgin
tryhard basically throwing as much as
you can against the wall to save
something sticks rain yeah or something
like that I don't know and I didn't
really I don't really get it I thought
that was a good innocent like you know
it's different somehow I would do it at
all but you know cool you know do your
thing whatever it works for you whatever
makes you feel good about yourself I
guess
so I'm gonna hurt anybody but besides
always just blocking haters but
apparently he had been blocking also
females who were coming out as saying
that yeah you you were a massive creep
and I didn't have a couple at the tarat
X venue with you around and mute block
and to move on and under the under the
under the curtain of power because he
was a gonna high profile a smash coach
nothing really came from it but but the
minute that the the boundaries broke and
he was no longer on tempo and no longer
a coach for a40 then he was down 11
because the minute he announced he's
like independent again that's when
that's when that's when a person I rule
came forward with that accusation and
since then we've had much more sense you
know we've had a there was a trance at
the vidual African African her name off
top here who who said that yeah
Pierce also asked her rude invasive
questions that seemed really derogatory
and problematic I I don't think I'll
link to that one particularly here I
could probably before if you want to
even if you want to show on screen you
can yes I don't know okay yeah it's just
it's the rap she goes on and on here but
yeah generally feels a generally um
unwelcomed at this point now the reason
why I thought this was uh no sure it's
it's smash communities big and this
entire incident
it might seem minuscule in the grand
scheme of like what of all the news we
cover on the podcast here but the reason
why I was important or be it just enough
to cover on the podcast day is because
Oh someone in chat real quick is getting
really mad he said it's like three times
there was westballz apparently that
initially called him out not the one
girl that leaked oh yeah westballz
applied pressure that provoked him to
then like question what did i yes that's
fair spherical right there westballz is
the one who initially pressured Pierce
by giving them like a really stiff cold
shoulder and kind of calling him like a
douchebag or an idiot at which point the
pressure being applied their intrigue
appears to ask why are you why are you
giving me assault right now why are you
giving me shade what are you what are
you mad about what did I do and at which
point when you openly asked everyone
like he openly asked on his Twitter
mentions you're like why is everyone
giving me [ __ ] right now what did i do I
don't understand where everyone's mad at
me and then when he's asking genuinely
what did I do
was then that Princess Hyrule applied
you know came out and said yeah you're
you're an assaulter so be fair now for
context her westballz is a is a dominant
Falco player in smash bros melee he's a
top top 20 top ten might be talked to
enough again down the exact he's top ten
i've actually no i don't know offhand
actually we had west walls my homies a
he's a really a really really good Falco
players but yeah he's the one initially
applied the pressure to provoke him to
provoke situation that led to the whole
thing happening sorry you're right now
as for the
the sweet in question here we go it's
like a fire for you while you're looking
for that I mean one of the things that
like makes these kinds of situations
really hard people talk about like Oh
like maybe it's just social awkwardness
versus like cringe rhiness
these are things that you have to try to
like really hard to be aware of because
there's like there's like this secret
tool that you can use to like assault
women and it like it's like this really
shitty thing where like um like old
creepy men in the past used to go for
like the ass crap right like you you you
you grab a woman's ass you pinch woman's
ass right well if you do that people are
always gonna call you out and tell you
like oh well you're like a huge piece of
[ __ ] why are you doing that that's
creepy and pretty much everybody bill
against you but now like the ways that
people kind of like harass women or
violate their space or in ways that make
it really hard to call out so one
complaint that I've heard I have a
friend who's in law school and she did a
lot of internet for illegals and she
talked about this problem a lot is what
men will do is they do this really weird
thing where whenever they're walking
next to you or they're talking to you
they put your they put their hand on
your lower back and it's one of those
things where it's like it's not enough
for the woman to be like yo what the
[ __ ] [ __ ] off because I'm the guy like
wait what's wrong I'm not like touching
you inappropriately like chill out
you're being a huge [ __ ] [ __ ] right
now right like so it's like one of those
things where you're like violating
somebody's space but you're doing it in
such a way that they can't call you out
for it because then you feel like an
[ __ ] and everybody will look at you
and it's like this huge like there's
just like a lot of ways that like people
like violate people's spaces now or I
shouldn't say like there are ways that
you can violate somebody's space that
makes it really hard for the person
whose space is being violated call you
out for without feeling good so that's
kind of like where people you know and
it's one of those things where people
brush it out to like oh well maybe
they're just a little socially awkward
and maybe um how the hell can't they
call them out but well because like you
can't call somebody out like this
because um because when you do usually
the way so they violate your personal
space are so kind of innocuous on the
surface that it makes it really hard to
call them out without coming off as
looking like a huge [ __ ] and like even
some of you guys in chatter saying like
well maybe the guys just awkward well
maybe he didn't know he was like
violating this face I was like okay but
like you don't know that you know and
and if you're the person whose face is
being violated you don't know what that
person's intentionality is either like
maybe they are awkward or maybe they're
just trying to push it as far as they
can without getting
you know so there's two things there
okay so that that's been a common
rebuttal there's been doesn't has been
this has been going on for like 30 hours
now there's been a lot of a lot of
accusations coming left and right so one
is that the two things I want to fob
with here first is that the original
accusation that went public the princes
Harbor would learn about the the
spooning with the hand around that the
beach beach house that one has since
gotten five plus eyewitness testimonies
that he was a acting very weird that
night like awkward and people were
trying to like kind of get or get away
from him at that point because he was
making the atmosphere tense and kind of
unwanted for the females ever-present
and that some someone did say that yeah
he has he has done things like that to
other women as well that the whole this
whole like kissing on the like saying
literally like rabid and like the old
school grabbing on the ass it was
kissing on the back of the neck or
kissing on the forehead these things
have happened up from other women they
have said as well so that that's come
forward and then I also linked you the
the tweeting question about the the what
the trans girls testimony was about oh
yeah I saw everyone is if you want to
see that pierced against me when I said
[ __ ] you to someone who littered for me
I'm not a woman asked and race with
questions about my body and insinuated
I'm fair game if my lower parts are how
they should be and has creeped on
several women I know yeah yeah so yeah
we have that and then the reason why I
found this is important to what I cover
here is because a you know I guess
there's like sconce imperils here
between you know people like Roger Ailes
or Harvey Weinstein with like workplace
sexual harassment and ultimately I would
call the beach house I mean it by
extension of eSports here you had you
had a you had at the beach house which
was a the the exclusive after-party at a
big Smash Brothers tournament that
include a lot of high-profile you know
top you know top 100 smash players will
competitively ranked top under Spanish
players at a beach house where it's
ultimately it's up it's a mix and mingle
where you're gonna like be like by going
to this thing you're gonna get your mail
to talk to the other top profile players
and some collaborations going on you're
gonna lead to follow ups with like your
your twitch stream or social media
interactions I would also call us by
extension
some component here workplace I think
that's a ferret for a call here and what
are there some other is there a
discussion to be had here about some
parallels between like workplace
environment such sexual harassment and
and I guess eSports workplace sexual
harassment unjustified advances an
assault yeah if you find it's like a
topic worth covering into yeah I mean I
mean the whole situation is like what
what is like the fallout gonna be for
this for him do you think he's like done
with like smash completely or what yeah
he's out um he's super out in fact the
the the the other other thing that
happened here - was he uh the tweet that
mentioned he showed here earlier from
from from SSB snake she he had quoted
her tweet and then said no I deny all
this and this is not how this is not how
I recall any of these events happening
whatsoever but he also did a really
really bad thing he he dead named her
like he he like in in the middle like
it's kind of like a really really bad
tweet here I don't know if I want to
actually I could what do you mean by the
dead name here what does that mean okay
so here I'll just let you here's the
Prince Hyrule had screen captain for he
deleted it here ie to be very did
apologize since then but this is what he
a it's important to see the context of
how as was presented here this is a this
the problem so you'll read the tweet out
and then you'll see the name is censored
but you'll see that uh you'll see what I
mean by dead name and then our ally I do
not admit to a single thing here and
explain what Foss I've known I've
previously been preaching to believing
women but Emily previously in context
oh no why would you do this yeah so the
so the context the tweet there is no
reason to count out the previous
identity name but he it's well it seems
like he's doing it because he's kind of
like making like an anti trans day but
it's not like I believe women but I
don't believe this woman cuz it's a
[ __ ] man that's what it sounds like
he's saying right like that's what it
reads like a little yikes power grab
subconsciously because this is where I'm
like I really hope you would have
stepped away from social media because I
feel like he's like emotionally
irrational and yeah this is never a good
tweet this is never going to
play well oh yeah yeah cuz like you said
little before here it's like the only
reason you're throwing up that name is
because of trying to like tether it to
the identity of being I guess not fully
transitioned then your eyes or whatever
but like yeah that that's what dead
naming is whenever you you use the name
of the previous identity for someone
who's transitioning so yeah the I don't
know why broth I'm not sure I got why I
brought it's a particular here but yeah
that's the UH that's the the the dagger
and the axe at that point we had the the
fallout now is that yeah he's the
community in its entirety has like as
backlashed on him and yeah he's not
welcome to any tournament from here on
at this point huh we also I said that he
he respects women and wants to does not
in feels like that their their comfort
at tournaments if they feel comfortable
around and with him is more important
than his enjoyment of smash so he's
voluntarily said that he's not gonna be
going into any more tournaments but then
he also same the same like date also
they did he's not allowed to go there
anyway sure oh my god he might actually
do be socially [ __ ] stupid um yeah the
the under all donation is $100 donation
I was trying to forget a way to express
I was generally sorry for my ignorant
accidental transphobic actions I don't
believe throwing money to problem should
at you delete history erase transactions
but I'm trying to show that he took her
I'm sorry it was a mistake and then he
doesn't need $2,100
oh man yeah I don't know there's a
there's definitely a component of like a
dysmorphia I feel or like what's the
word disillusion going on here cuz I
feel like to some degree he is trying to
be like a super hardcore romantic um and
just like a little bit of lip like in
some kind of like weird like um reality
distortion field I guess I was that's
how I put it
um but yeah he uh it doesn't excuse like
the I mean we're talking about like over
ten women by now have to have come
forward here I can link you another
story about basically Bill Cosby to
himself right he's kind of yeah yeah
this has been going on for four years
now there's plenty of
there's another one that said that uh
you know that you know he invited him to
their rooms in needed a room to stay for
cuz their room the room kind of bailed
on them at a particular tournament
thinking their ad and she like kind of
like made made her his overnight
girlfriend by like paying for a [ __ ] and
kind of having her hand around her and
stuff like that and she felt welcomed by
that it kind of wanted to de-escalate it
but he wouldn't he kept he kept like
trying to be you trying me that's what
he kept trying to aggro being a super
gentleman and she just eventually left
cuz she was like so creeped out by and
she don't want to deal with it anymore
which is really unfortunate you know
that you already have like a an
atmosphere this is kind of where I get a
little bit upset and saddened by it
because I I definitely want to see more
women in gaming I'm I'm so I I hate that
you know that like if you're if you're a
woman that you're playing online gaming
if you do something as casual as
overwatch online and you're in the voice
chat you get flamed for being a woman
because you sound like a girl right away
and they're like we oh we have a girl on
our team we're never gonna [ __ ] lose
or whatever but happens my girl for all
the time I know it's anecdotal here but
I think that's like pretty common in
fact it's so common for her to get
roasted and get like flame for being
female on online gaming chats that she
just doesn't even do [ __ ] she just goes
on her private discord with her friends
and a private chat doesn't even bother
with online voice chats at all whether
it be overwatch or playing black ops 4
and this is so common for her now that
when I asked her like why aren't you
playing I see you playing overwatch but
you're not even in the chat what why
you're not talking to your teammates
you're playing with right now because
it's just like talking to friends who
are night and playing overwatch the time
she's like oh because it's toxic
like she's conditioned to that at this
point and that to me is a massive
problem that I think I definitely want
to see get better in time here in the
gaming community so it pains me to see
that you know I I'm gonna with our own
staff sorry I can't imagine it's higher
than 10% female and smashed but like to
know that a girl went to the venue and
then Pierce made him feel so credible
that that that she didn't like left the
tournament early and went and drove four
hours back home because the anxiety of
being around him was like a little too
much for her super sucks
no I'll see if you want if you want
you'd have to show here but just uh that
that particular story in questions the
to a just lengthy right there the thing
but yeah there's like others I buncha
he's at this point but yeah that's the
uh yeah just a position of power the the
I guess you wanna call it the parallel
Street maybe like Roger Ailes or Harvey
Weinstein come to play mm-hmm well rip
on my dude Co so we covered that another
victim of the me to move he's okay
what's the uh yeah I got a I'm doing a
lot of talking so I have to like
literally blew my notes right now so a
lot of people wide while I distract talk
to me about oh yeah the next something
I'm definitely prepared to talk a lot
about our Oscar nominations I think over
the year we kind of just like run down
the list and just get like a general I
guess what you think about any of these
I'm not gonna feel too strongly about
these because I don't even know if I
thought how these always last year so
alright I gave you really alright yeah
you have the link to the to all the yeah
yeah okay so I mean uh yeah okay so all
right that's how I can get into here so
we have the Oscar nominees for
everything going on right here right now
but before we get to that and break it
down here there's a little bit of
context um want to bring up here
relevant to the Oscars and that is a
that is first that you may recall back
this was in August last year that the
Oscars have admitted from the 2018
airing that the ratings have been going
into a massive slump and a continuing
trend no host saving it it's it's
seeking further and further the the
average viewer is oldest [ __ ] and you
know people give a [ __ ] about it you
know you have the if come as its culture
backlash where the representation and
the things that are getting nominated to
be further and further removed from what
the masses deem quality or what the
masses appreciate about modern film so
yeah there's been you know you got the
hashtag oscarssowhite that was a thing
because you had a lot of nominees it
just then we're not uh you know just
generally white I forget the exact
complaint there about that why why the
white why the I think it's because like
the best actor and best actresses were
all white at one year they're just like
not like a lot of racial diversity going
on with despite there being like a [ __ ]
ton of like notable people who who did
roles that were deemed worthy of being
acclaimed but there was also probably
the biggest dumb one here I wanted to
give a particular attention to the fact
that uh they had announced in August
2018 that the Academy Awards is going to
have a new category called
outstanding achievement and popular film
aka you know the pay2win thing where you
know yeah you know these these big
temple blockbusters that uh that are you
know kind of like a marketing vehicle to
just make a [ __ ] ton of money especially
we know whatever you want to optimize
for crossing the language barrier and
kicking ass in Chinese box office means
just having a lot of CGI [ __ ] on the
screen to like fight each other let's
that's how the bad thing here but that's
like kind of like what the formula it
seems to be at this point and this this
award seems so dumb and stupid and with
the backlash that I got removed in the
same same month that was announced so
now you know senator was up there what's
been a rating slump
there's kind of been this scramble to
figure out how to how to save the Oscars
or to stop the Sun from continuing
alongside this like really bad idea for
the awards thing where are we going into
now and now that leads into the the
context being painted here for one of
the nominations this year I haven't
looked at this list in advance
personally but I'd love to do this with
y'all live right now as we go yeah I
mean I can read through some of these
but I mean I haven't seen a lot of these
so for a Best Picture and black panther
really is I mean like it was I guess it
was a good film it's a superhero film
but like Best Picture
really 2019 2018 yeah I had some
problems films like structure honestly I
think it was like um I mean exactly it's
a superhero movie like it's not very
ambitious it's pretty cookie cutter like
is this really gonna be the best film of
2018 is that how it really goes I guess
I don't watch the no no you this is the
first this is actually the first
superhero film to ever get nominated for
Best Picture actually I thought recall
correctly interesting yeah this is this
this is a big one your um that might
because again the backlash amounts were
so white also might be because they they
kind of like this was going to honest
this was probably going to super easily
win the award for the most part of the
popular theme award but when that award
that got a got axed they just pry
through it on here it's also might be a
bid to the posse okay this also might be
a bid to get ratings for Oscars because
you know you have a lot of people who
are advocating for Black Panther because
the people to be fair it's a it's a huge
milestone and in black representation in
a mass media sense but that is all I'm
at the equated being like a stellar a
film of like stellar and pinnacle claim
I would say yeah because I definitely
have prompted the film as far as a
structure what plot and pacing goes oh
people are saying Batman in the Dark
Knight were nominated oh wait no hold on
we're talking best picture though [ __ ]
worst yeah [ __ ] my sorry I shouldn't
even read it I see I didn't really had a
Best Supporting Actor for um read Ledger
not a not best picture though okay um
black Klansmen did you see this movie no
I did not I wanted to I hadn't kissed
the other sadly okay I thought it was
pretty good it's worth Santa Fe yeah
yeah okay cool cool Bohemia Roxy okay
it's really really bad here actually
I've a how many Spike Lee films have I
seen actually I think I've always seen
[ __ ] which one was it dude I don't think
I've seen I don't think I've seen any
Spike Lee films actually it's actually
really really bad cuz I've heard I've
heard I've heard mixed things I heard
like you know old like the older Spike
Lee films are really good and the newer
ones kind of like are hit or miss give
or take but yeah I'm sorry I hadn't seen
it yet though but I do want to check it
out though
obviously I had heard it's really good
art no it recently crossed like what
eight hundred million worldwide that
correct no I guess it's haven't seen it
a health I think yeah favorite I don't
know about Green Book I don't know about
Roma I don't know about stars born I did
see advice I haven't seen honestly
lighters I haven't seen here some organ
kind of like this powders and go and go
further in star was born a hat I did see
I did enjoy it
it does have I do have some issues with
its uh with it's a it's a ability to
like um stack the narrative of both the
Lady Gaga as the as the coming in singer
and and Bradley Cooper as the other
singer I think the production of it is
stellar I think it's shot
very well and I think that Brad Cooper
really sells it cuz he can [ __ ] sing
really well and there's there is a but
there is this really one big problem
with the pacing in it sorry to read
about this one thing here I'm sorry yeah
we can do a briefly but like we're
probably not gonna do full-on like movie
yeah yeah whatever yet I enjoy it but
definitely I think the climax is way too
soon and and I have a common issue with
like the pacing because it never rains
that same it kind of climaxes in the
first 40 minutes it's kind of a drag
from then onward after sure but yeah I
uh III don't know I'm I am for Best
Picture though yeah Black Panthers of
what's gonna really intrigue me here the
most and the reason why is because
actually if you recall whatever there
was the the Eminem member knows the
Eminem and gunshot Kelly beef I'm sorry
Machine Gun Kelly good lord for the
distraction yeah yeah yeah well and one
of the interviews did on che 45 after
that after his um after his district
came out here he had mentioned that he
[ __ ] the Grammys [ __ ] the Grammys
because the Grammys were just like you
know put him on for album of the year
they like throw them on there just so
that he would be he would feel some kind
of obligation to come out to the event
but he would never win the award for it
or so or something like something on
those lines here and that he knew that
he and he had a a conspiracy going on
that they they would just put him on
there because they wanted to have him
attend the event because they can use
his name and marketing and likeness in
their marketing say they oh yeah look
featuring Eminem and Maya in pristine
ovule era just like that he hates the
Grammys so it wouldn't surprise me if a
similar vehicle is being used to Oscars
here just like saying hey you look black
pampas on best picture it could win it
probably won't win but it could win so
you should watch our you should watch a
program this year
Millennials because I wouldn't surprise
me for Best Picture
for the rest of these nominations are
there anything that are do you think are
surprising or worth talking about or
just kind of scrolling down on looking
over things I didn't I don't yes a lot
of these movies last year so or not a
lot of because I didn't see Bohemian
Rhapsody or stars porn
yeah Best Director only know about
Alphonso : I don't know everyone else
went to Spike Lee Best Actress
you ever watched vice are you planning
on it should i I think you should
because I really didn't like it I
thought
it's really bad but um okay so you want
me like human like hate watch it no not
hey why don't your watching to save you
have like a similar opinion I'm curious
okay okay what's it about actually III
did see that it wasn't viewers right now
it's like it's a political thriller
right it's not like a mockumentary thing
kind of about like Dick Cheney or
Christian Bale oh okay okay all right
yeah I can I come any time for that then
I can try check it out um actually I
really can't I have to
I actually got pretty stacked week
between now and uh now in February but
I'll see what I can do better [ __ ]
just [ __ ] say it okay well you know
what I I did a Sonya home look I did I
did force you to go see spider-man
spider version so you have one card you
have the one [ __ ] you go see this movie
card you're gonna blow it on Vice that
gonna be the car you'll blow it on right
now are you gonna wait what is this [ __ ]
Best Original Song all the stars in
black pant there what the [ __ ] song was
that way I'm slowing down here now uh I
don't even know dude I don't even recall
that uh but particularly cuz Marvel
scores are really really boring even
know like what uh that's a reach me
really hard right there
the credits song hold on
Kendrick Lamar over my youtube they
don't get [ __ ] if I play this I just
[ __ ] mute then like like uh just like
put a jump cut and skip the whole part
where you go I played a song like that
don't worry about it it's a good song
okay whatever
did you see you haven't seen the Mary
Poppins Returns movie no I don't have it
I was actually good to me it was wreaked
of like Cassie quill grab cuz you're
making like a sequel to Mary Poppins
from like forever ago
but I heard apparently it wasn't it
wasn't bad but I could be wrong about
that though oh man another spider versus
I for Best Animated Feature oh it would
have to be honest I think it should be I
should be even higher than that honestly
but like you know sure whatever I'll
take it if it doesn't win I'm gonna Lily
raise hell though like damn Black
Panthers nominated for a lot of these
awards just this is just like a
millennial
or a diversity grabber like best sound
mixing really did it really I don't know
I didn't come only thinking that but
best sound mixer
mmm I don't know about that one either
the jeez that this is this is like reach
central
that sound editing what okay hmm with
the production design it's like I I get
the costumes are cool there but like
Wakanda you you barely see Wakanda right
let me see what condom or in CG I'd like
once or twice the outside so yeah like
the ship CGI was was terrible and black
panther as well I don't know about that
one that was a rough one for me actually
that's taking this take seriously
production designers I guess it's a hard
one for me to think about considering
like 98% of what you see on the screen
is CGI and son
yeah best visual effects I mean it's
probably infinity war mega free just
because like but also the Lassa don't
like I'm kind of like trigger this one
here too because like the the visual
effects industry is not unionized and
all I could think about is like the back
the back-breaking labor that goes to
play with a lot of crunch hours across a
lot of different studios that I hear not
compensated very well at all for what
they do so that one's kind of a that
one's kind of like a hike for me a
little bit it's kind of similar the fact
that you'll probably see um you know
read their Redemption to when a lot of
game of year awards but can you really
separate the exploitation of Labor that
was done for Red Dead Redemption to his
development for what makes the game so
great it's really awful are you gonna
fall communism to try Hanks get it get
that [ __ ] out of here listen the DT
podcast we're capitalist here okay get
that exploitation of Labor [ __ ] out of
here we don't do that on this show all
right actually I've been one to talk
okay anyway I don't want to talk about
that for a while now mister hardcore
capitalists I've been I don't have I'm
not ready to debate this [ __ ] here yet
but I've been wanting to then want to
teach you on the whole like why do you
uh
why do you dig around cap wasn't so
[ __ ] much good at [ __ ] just chill
damn
okay yeah we can talk about that at some
point if you want to sure I spend enough
time sitting on it I should probably
defend it at some point
speaking of capitalism and socialism and
all those sorts of wonderful topics as
we segue smoothly our next topic ALC
what is your name Alexandra Cortez
Alexandria lo Cascio Cortez Ocasio
Cortez oh is it like a - asking if you
work on Fox News it's okay it's okay Co
okay like the calculator be Ocasio is it
Ocasio or Co Co Co you mean you have a
better talking me on that wolf I don't
know what an ethnicity right [ __ ] idea
okay anyway AOC was on our good friend H
bomber guy stream apparently somebody
randomly tweeted I think was it Shauna
and Jen like randomly tweeted at her and
she actually hopped on the stream and
showed up yeah yeah it was crazy
it was a bit surreal to hear yeah I was
showing this court is that how that
happened I don't know the specifics of
how she ended up there via voice chat
but yeah she uh she bombarded the stream
and the you know gave a gave a name drop
said it was real her and like was I've
really really excited to talk about um
people are saying Chelsea Manning was
the one that kind of gone okay okay cool
cool it was yeah oh yeah because it was
it was Chelsea Manning I want to say it
was a foldable human and a couple others
were all we're all there to I'm
supporting it but yeah it was it was a
it was a marathon to 100% Hong Kong 64
and I'm thinking of leaving a blind
playthrough was they had been going on
for like over two days straight now that
at that time and yeah she went in there
said she was excited to help you know
advocate for trans rights which the
thing was going for and but here's the
cool thing though the cool thing was
that she also was like yeah 1164 words
of my thing is the greatest console of
all time
and that and that one of her her cousins
who lived nearby when she was younger
did not have dunk contest before but she
did play a lot of Pokemon snap and [ __ ]
was the other game I forgot those
Pokemon Savin something else never play
pokemon yeah
I did I did oh yeah we are definitely
interesting because I was good as I was
doing I was a huge Pokemon that as a kid
and I was blue ball like everyone else's
I was like did you ever play Hey You
Pikachu no no I didn't know I came with
said nah that was a kid I played as an
adult and I was like this game is
[ __ ] terrible that game was such a
piece of [ __ ] you had to sue Ram so
minutes like I feel like would [ __ ]
kill itself resumption you have no
[ __ ] idea why you couldn't get it to
do anything you were [ __ ] screaming
holy [ __ ] it was such a horrible The
Voice [ __ ] was so bad oh my god yeah
that's pretty much what it was it's it's
a is not day very well unfortunately
yeah but anyway yeah I mean I guess like
the broader context is it's more and
more people are kind of like taking to
which is a platform more seriously kind
of I mean like people large youtubers
are coming on political people are
coming on
you know celebrities are coming on
you've got dragon ninja now you've got
political people I mean like a OC coming
on The Washington Post has their own
[ __ ] twitch channel and they meme out
sometimes in there on that account so
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah the things that
you're all these are bringing up now are
all in the last two years so it's really
crazy to see all that uh how far it's
way coming on there it's really cool to
see that yeah yeah [ __ ] I don't know if
there's anything else I mean even I mean
even when I talk about I know even
Hassan even Hassan from Young Turks
being on it's like I think a new thing
to seeing a good active YouTube
political commentator come over to to
twitch yeah and to come destroyed st
intubates
yeah but nice try oh no just kidding
don't go there something from as I kind
of like listen around and I kind of
think of like radio shows that are
interesting what not here's something
that um this is just related to our to
our podcast and I kind of briefly talk
about Safari on do you ever feel like we
should get like some sort of like top
three countdown unless there's something
to do like every week like I feel like
people like hooks like that like oh like
I wonder what the whatever was this week
or some [ __ ] you know what I mean
oh yeah definitely um we do need a
gimmick we're still I do agree that
we're still a little bit dry
on what the [ __ ] are we doing and what
are we doing it for I definitely think
we that would help a lot what comes to
mind honestly is what you're like
reviewing xx things of the week in some
kind of passion even if it's something
stupid like top three live stream fail
post of the week or something just
because a lot of them depending what
they are they can be like bridges or
like jumping boards to like other topics
as well depending on what you know makes
it yeah definitely and because yeah
because a row of twitch streamers
Podesta I think definitely bringing
making twitch context a bigger play
mm-hmm
would be a good thing too and also you
school also I do a do think here that
clips are really really powerful because
I we've talked about before here but I
wanna brings up here again that for me
now in 2019 the most powerful tool for
discovery of dope new streams to watch
has been clips yeah it used to be like
no directory curiosity and know what a
new game launches you know who's playing
I don't know [ __ ] who's playing
Kingdom Hearts 3 but yeah it's like it's
so bread-and-butter now you know he's
gonna be playing X you know you know all
the the bigwig Virata streamers are
gonna be playing XY and Z lips I find
are the most powerful tool for me to
find actual like discoverability and
things I would have never found
otherwise you started to see I'm just
speaking real quick experiment so
they're playing like games in [ __ ]
you've seen that like ninja even was
starting to jump on that sea of thieves
I've trained no I I didn't know that no
I did see this actually is pretty cool
is I should talk this topic actually but
but yeah yeah summit is been like on
giving like a resurgence like
individually to see if these right yeah
and then now then you saw which I can
get to that full topic if you want to
but like he did that and then then you
saw him and tapman and um doc I guess
respect cop in with him and now it's
ninja to really yeah or at least for
like at least for a night he tried to
play it for a little bit
summit had like [ __ ] thought what was
it like seventy thousand viewers I think
two days ago didn't he have some insane
amount of viewership
yeah I saw 75 K but yeah they actually
though I don't understand it that
particularly well can do do you happen
to know more about what he's doing
because I
whom I understand okay so and see if
these it's like a pirate simulator
you're like on the ship and you're like
floating around you're doing like pirate
[ __ ] you like you know you build up your
ship and you like go to eyes and you get
booty and you like you know just build
your gear and then you kick ass can you
do other things right you didn't use
your ship to go to other ships and Rob
their ships if you want to kind of yeah
so basically what sumit doing what's
like yeah so basically the whole point
was like people got bored because
there's not really [ __ ] all to do in the
game the PvE is pretty disappointing you
can't like upgrade your ship like all of
your money is spent on cosmetic sounds
kind of dumb but I guess like what
summit basically does is like you
hydrogen ships and he tries to steal
people [ __ ] and that type of gameplay is
very exciting for a lot of people but
yeah basically yeah it does that like
medgar saw like he's like he's like a
one-man army hopping on a armed fully
equipped multiple people on the ship
ship and then he's like [ __ ] one one
man versus the world takes me entire
[ __ ] yeah pretty much yeah for like an
example I guess of kind of like a
roasting of this type of gameplay where
we go [ __ ] it incorporating the clips
into the stream I'll play this doctor
disrespect clip that kind of like
summarizes watching one of the restrooms
they want to get in to see if these I
was watching the little guy and when I
mean little I mean little are you
looking at right now I was watching the
little tiny guy last night I have to say
for for his channels probably the best
gameplay I've ever seen from him right
because we've seen him play
counter-strike
we've seen him play h1z1 and we've seen
him play Tyler Perry's boring grounds we
have we've seen him play at all and to
see him for almost an hour or two hours
laying down behind a chair inside of a
pirate ship
man he knocked it out of the park it's
the best I've ever seen a play but oh my
god dude Talib harry's boring grounds I
have to uh I I did that that's a hot one
there he's probably you said it many
times already but god damn I that that's
that's my first time hearing it was
pretty funny
the UM did you ever play Daisy a lot no
I have not no sadly it reminds me of
that comet reminds me of that game where
Daisy had like really exciting moments
but you're spending like 90% of your
time like literally like laying down
like waiting for it to happen like
you're writing rags are heavily
interspersed between yeah that's hard to
say thing about thought gee though like
you you're you're stuck like looting for
a shit-ton a time proportional to other
battle reals but I get you though I
don't know a pub she plays slower than
the other two big ones that's for sure
yeah yeah my war beats nothing your exam
I don't haven't played any of them so
the hell would I know spring up like
that I'm bringing up a sensational salt
I hear from twitch chat' cuz they always
wanted to [ __ ] on everything like sure
like nothing nothing me right there but
yeah no that's actually um yeah the the
point being though yeah it's a twitch is
definitely getting out there it's
definitely very very different I
yeah the discovery is really really cool
in fact I ranted quite a few uh summit
clips because of the the clip related
stuff and how that how the algorithms
getting smarter on like show me more
content I want to see via clips go viral
and yeah maybe I think it'd be cool dry
out we're still trying to figure out the
hell we're doing anyway so maybe trying
uh reacting to some clips with a wood we
can we can bring some further context
into them as we drive the narrative of
like what which is doing week the week
trap okay yeah maybe we can maybe I'll
try it I'll throw it off next week and
we'll just see how it goes just like a
little top three clips of the week [ __ ]
and we'll see how much that works as a
launching pad for the discussions
however speaking of that though one
small thing here
way back when sorry was like two topics
gonna up about the whole whole Pierce
thing did you see the clip because we're
talking Eclipse now did you see the clip
of the the guy who very uncomfortably
had turned the camera away from the girl
when he was
holy [ __ ] hikes yes oh my god
that was super [ __ ] creepy holy - I
forgot to bring that up as I like
speaking to piercer even talked about
this actual clip here yeah that was a
first off my question here is how is it
not was that not like reported like was
just like not like a I know is it worth
enforcing over because I thought that's
like a mega that was a hyper yikes dude
that was do you can you show it open son
I'm trying to [ __ ] find it [ __ ] do
you have a link to it I saw this on the
last week didn't it yeah I don't have
the link alright what was his name
that's just getting about it easy
holy [ __ ] guys don't ever [ __ ] do
[ __ ] like this this is so don't do this
[ __ ] god dammit
let us talk this out for their wife
please
you know meeting on Wednesday you cannot
taste like
please
way too many fights
[Music]
geez yeah likes I didn't do it on
purpose lies about an afterafter
explicitly staying
let's move this when he goes over there
moves I mean but that doesn't even
matter like wait like whole yeah yeah so
that's the that is cringe that's like
fringe fuel for days right there that uh
well yeah well for days there's for
weeks if you look at because there's a
whole bunch of other clips posted inside
of the thread as well so you've got lots
of oh oh [ __ ] okay I didn't know oh god
I know as more than stat holy [ __ ] yeah
probably most alarming thing about that
one right there is a whole like I'm
leaving Wednesday and I can you not can
you at least make it worthwhile yeah
holy [ __ ]
yeah so whoo man but yeah yeah you know
that uh yeah the power of clips that the
Bob wait that was another clip that I
had found because I was you know I'd
been I was scrolling through clips
randomly came across summit and then I
came across that when I was like what
the [ __ ] is this yeah yeah so yeah I
think reviewing Clips would be a pretty
a pretty powerful thing to try out it
yeah okay see here so did you [ __ ] I
don't I don't think everyone in give
reason to check because I don't think
mr. moon posted a threat this week for
questions
oh wait nevermind hold on I got posted
as opposed to couple hours a hey all
right let me uh pop up your two so now
we're moving into topic was this one two
topic six what are the what are the
reddit questions this week what are the
right of questions I'll throw up I guess
all I like I'm mister Mouton positive
question here to save this
he knows how much you [ __ ] up all
right so that question is how do you
feel that Jesse Lee we do so now getting
one and two thousand viewers he's gonna
care about platform people he goes I
like I think I try not to like do like
the big Nazi historical revisionism
[ __ ] or the race realism [ __ ] but I
mean like I can't not talk to anybody
because I'm scared of platforming people
my big thing I guess is basically
whether or not I feel like I'm prepared
to go on and have like a decently
responsible discussion with somebody or
show that I think somebody is dumb for a
certain reason and I think for the most
part I think I accomplished that on
Jesse Lee Peterson's show which isn't
saying much like I don't think many
people that watch me are gonna watch
that and come away think like oh wow
Jesse Lee Peterson actually made some
really strong arguments about the great
white hope you know Donald Trump like I
don't think many people saw that I'm
sure there are a lot more people right
now that are kind of watching him sort
of ironically but I mean like that's
just kind of the trade-off I mean the
the flipside of like never interacting
with people because you're scared of
platforming them literally means I could
never interact with anybody ever that I
disagree with which is kind of yeah no I
agree with that I also think that are
all ironic too though like a lot of my
direction yeah yeah yeah feels like
getting 300 before you got on and you
got I was getting one at 2k it's like
you got to think it's like okay the
people who are watching that now they
probably got bored of watching a Pat
Robertson talk about crazy sky-bird
Jesus [ __ ] or whatever so this is
art this is art this is their new coffee
in the morning he's just watching just
talk about stuff cuz Easy's he's pretty
out there man I have to admit I did
watch your segment on his show last week
and then but also I also watched a
little bit of the pre-show by accidents
I didn't know when I know when you got
on and I was like this is [ __ ] crazy
this guy's this guy's like how you say
you might have some like some some
mental damage or whatever whatever thing
you said I'm like yeah I don't know but
his yeah it's he's really out there dude
but it's like it's so out there that
it's like almost entertainment in like a
self suffering kind of way like it's oh
no it's it was crazy I ended up watching
more than I thought I would mm-hmm
despite like hating all of it oh yeah
yeah oh yeah the platforming thing it's
like it's kind of a trap if you if you
view it that particular way yeah yeah
much you could do except not take too
much the bit I guess
do you see you seen
the questions I'm scrolling I'm scanning
for him I'm looking through here
you know what [ __ ] it let's we'll do a
[ __ ] we'll do a hard one
are you ready there's a hard one oh yeah
Oh guys I saw this guy responded to
whisper and he said last week my
questions most up voted but I skipped
over it ok we're getting Andrew this is
some real-life [ __ ] ok alright what is
it
ok alright
I've just recently read most of H P
Lovecraft's old stories and I stumble
into a bit of a controversial issue and
one of his older stories the rats on the
walls he includes a cat that is
significant to the in the overall story
the name of this cat is and word man
would yeah it is a black cat that plays
a part in the story but whose name
doesn't really affect the story my
question is whether or not you think
it's justified to change the name of the
cat and future repentance of the story
since the name of the cat really doesn't
affect the Sri overall is worth changing
the original material to a more neutral
name or should the original artistic
version even though it shows a severe
racist view be reproduced in its current
form since it's important to preserve
and learn from past mistakes ah here we
go yeah that's a yeah the restoration
principle or I don't know the claw
particularly here there's a very so I'm
not familiar with that particular work
but I'm familiar with the situation
because as a huge animation fanatic here
oh yeah Disney shudders yeah yeah
there's a lot of a well you got an older
cartoons of Tom and Jerry you have a we
have this one cartoon of Tom and Jerry
where the the maid is to find that
picked it in her face and she has a very
racist like black face with like
exaggerated lips and big nose and like
I'm really really like a condescending
manner of reveal that has been
completely deleted since then you have
the probably most notably here and
Fantasia
there is one segment where there's a
bunch of like centaurs that are like
really pretty and dancing around and
there's like a slave centaur that is
like in charge of like cleaning the
hooves or the other clean white pretty
centaurs and she yourself the black one
is like a black dingy kind of blackface
looking one and the entire segments been
removed from it from all recent burnings
of Fantasia like because you could you
can't really have the segment of the
Centaurs without this particular because
the footage of this black centaur is
like really really like integrated to
this entire scene sure so it's
completely removed so the question here
is is it important to keep things as
they were
originally produced for the sake of
historical accuracy and like I guess
representation of like taboos that were
that weren't lacking maybe since then or
is important to present things in a
modern tolerable context I guess my
choice here is honestly that you should
I'm team historical accuracy I'm team
like yeah this was you it's important to
know what was a you know what was uh
what was what was like Tay more
tolerable then because I'm far far we've
come now I think it's important to see
that history are doomed to repeat it
mm-hmm I feel like it's like if you like
kind of like if you take other examples
I think here like if you look at things
that may be considered like super duper
offensive likes looking at children who
are forced to pre segregation like you
know drink from like something as common
cools like a colored water fountain as
opposed to the white water fountain or
you are forced to like you know not sit
at the dining with the word if you go
look into a container like in the I
don't know it [ __ ] in the 50s you
were forced to you know the the counter
at a diner was for whites only and colic
had to like wait somewhere else so
whatever you know these may be
considered super offensive but how are
you going to can you even apply this
principle to that can you like take that
picture of the pic ting what was what
was I don't know standing for that time
and censor it or doctor in any kind of
way to make it seem less offensive if
that became hyper offensive in a couple
decades time probably not so yeah I
think it's important to if anything if
you're gonna reproduce to work
commercially I think it's important to
maybe include like a footnote or like a
pre word about like what words are being
used that are considered offensive now
and make it into like a dialogue for
modern perspective now that's my that's
my gut reaction but what what's your
take on that I think I actually mostly
agree I'm a big like moral relativist I
think that our values definitely change
over time
I meant to pretend that things have
always been the same I think is pretty
pretty dumb so I mean yeah I don't know
I feel it feels strange to read older
works like that and then to censor out
how they were I guess it kind of like
you said like I mean it's evidence of
how things have changed over time
being awesome reveals to your particular
example here about the was the inward
cat right yeah that particular example
is okay well if the if the if inward cat
had no impact on the story but the
author felt you know adamant about
including in calling it such doesn't
that reveal a lot about perhaps maybe
his view on on blackett well supposedly
he was like anti-semitic on pretty
racist as well yeah yeah yeah so that's
what yeah so I'm getting out there yeah
so yeah it reveals I look at like the
equivalent like in the modern context of
a deleted tweet you know it you know the
minute you delete that tweet now that
now that tweet is now you know ten
tenfold worth when it was before because
now he turns to hide whatever you don't
want to have seen yeah I'm so something
that's you know this is real somebody
linked this apparently Warner Brothers
has a disclaimer at the start of a lot
of there I guess older cartoons the
cartoons you're about to see our
products at their time they may depict
some of the ethnic and racial prejudices
that were commonplace in American
society these depictions were wrong then
and are wrong today while the following
does not represent the Warner Brothers
of view of today's society these
cartoons being presented as they were
originally created because to do so
otherwise would be the same as claiming
these prejudices never existed I mean
yeah I don't know if it's like the
strongest argument world but like yeah I
think I can kind of I think I can kind
of get on board without revising all
sorts of old stuff to fit modern
standards just seems like an impossible
to do tasks like I mean like did we go
back and refilm or edit or censor like
all of the old James Bond films for like
the rampant [ __ ] misogyny or do we go
back and change you know like you know
like things like Huckleberry Finn and
[ __ ] like are these books like too much
like do we need to change a lot of that
you you know where the Red Fern Grows
where they have a like there's like so
many different books that we would have
to go back and change that
yeah I just don't know I don't feel
comfortable yeah I agree saying I want
to give big props to Warner relative
that actually is really [ __ ] cool I
did not think I would ever see I really
dig the thing I was so advocating for it
the whole footnote thing and actually
they had did it that's actually really
really cool cuz because I know sure as
[ __ ] Disney won't ever do it Disney is
like so caught up in the commercialism
opportunity that like yeah Fantasia it
the entire segment gets deleted and now
it's only like youth like find it buried
in YouTube fit isn't like its copyright
strike to hell them back and then it
gets reapplied it again and then it gets
cuts gone for months on it afterward you
have it's the other thing here too they
yeah this is
really terrible about that because if
all right about look at this when you're
furthers I want to get fat chick on the
stream right now here but if I recall
did Walt Disney himself was pretty
racist if I recall correctly but that is
well you know that old is probably
pretty real it's like the civil right
one ways Walt Disney boy and I'm sorry I
don't actually know his exact age but I
imagine born in like the forties or
fifties right or like how other than
that
Oh way older then I'm sorry I'm so wrong
he was born in 1901 yeah so [ __ ] he died
in 1966 oh yeah he was I mean I imagine
unless it was insanely progressive for
his time yeah he was probably like
pretty [ __ ] racist right like I mean
oh yeah
it races has anybody born in the [ __ ]
1900 you know was yeah yeah
so yeah also you know it's also like I
don't see its to be pity or not later
but it's like it's important we have the
whole more about if some here because
like him being racist you know it
no bluntly now what was like but was
like everyone on average racist back
then sure right
what wait one time what was wrong with
where the Red Fern Grows I might make
sent my stories what was the one with
the without a kiss Fincher whatever [ __ ]
oh that's to kill a mockingbird wasn't
it right Triax it's right so my cat was
like oh I'm sorry
Oh jumping on your mother oh yeah oh
yeah wait I think I'm when I said weird
oh no she has dude she's to get declawed
soon because been her claws she wants to
climb on your leg she will just like she
will a daddy Clark she's got her
fingernail or her nails cutter whatever
oh whatever its clubs are Mike Mike at
experts my oh my girlfriend's a
character huge difference between
getting their nails trimmed versus
declawing them yeah it's re nails trim
I'm sorry Oh same thing yeah she knows
that me and she goes to the bed and
doesn't think I don't know what I'm
talking about I don't I don't tell you
about the guest
oh man cut the roast on that one I'm not
a cat expert okay I'm sorry look I'm
petting the cat hole holy [ __ ] chill
boys I I would never do exam I don't
know the [ __ ] I'm doing I'm just telling
you what she's gonna do okay
I'm woo [ __ ] alright sorry
we're looking for questions I love cats
look at me I feed my cat every day I
have the best cat taco balls at the down
at the the catch from hotel what do you
I love cats when you travel in LA that's
the real question
yo um I'm coming to LA yeah you know ask
you guys I'm really staggered to on a
minor derail here because uh man we
didn't do [ __ ] it of my [ __ ]
twitchcon today we hung out for like did
I even see you when did we hang out yeah
we were in the hotel lobby of the
whatever hotel it was next to the
Marriott and the the Marriott next to
the church when we consider we hung out
in the lobby it was like me you me you
Greek Andy and some other people like we
were all together for like maybe 30
minutes yeah I don't know y'all might be
I don't [ __ ] their own asleep but um
hey whoa chill whoa I said I said y'all
didn't it Okwe by y'all being Greek I
don't know I'm talking about right now
so uh but now yeah we didn't even do
anything - um but did he get those
twitchcon so we were all like missing
it's Pauline remember the [ __ ] I was
doing honestly I remembers running
around between like the three pans how
to take care of and [ __ ] like that but
what might be in LA that's the important
question here I will be in LA in July
for Anime Expo I will definitely be in
LA at that point
that's my soonest confirm come but I can
but I mean just what kind of some kind
of like hood rat collab [ __ ] no I'm good
baby I'll come through okay
yeah we'll figure something out yeah
yeah yeah for sure yeah teach me the
ways dude because uh my IRL skills are
[ __ ] terrible like I've all boys been
begging me to do some IRL streams and
I'm always like I don't know I'm not
entertaining enough to figure out how to
make like I'm gonna do [ __ ] them and
I mean I'm in Louisiana I'm gonna
[ __ ] go out to a cane field and let
me show you what dirt and dirt and
sticks like I have nothing going on out
here
IRL wise you I'm gonna go into my local
Planet Fitness and like [ __ ] lift 50
pounds and South uncle or me get kicked
out like what do you want me to do like
my good ideas actually but be really
ironic but yeah people would love to see
that'd be funny it's like damn okay that
seems actually the nude holy [ __ ] okay
all right I mean you give me faith now I
thought was like kind of like a stupid
idea
right I can do that all right well I
think we covered we covered some stuff
today we got through this today we'll
try the top three clips thing next week
and hopefully well I'm a disco - you
figured out sorry we should we should be
studying earlier
we'll start our next week but um [ __ ]
[ __ ] yeah yes welcome here we might
switch over to zoom actually just for
the webcams and they needs disco for
audio but yeah we got we got zoom we got
Ubu
we got Google hangout oh yeah I think
Google Hangouts might work too I haven't
tried that yet either both let me have
you try good old reliable Skype no [ __ ]
no [ __ ] off of that [ __ ] Skype is more
secure now than ever and because it's a
program that's been around the longest I
don't see why you wouldn't consider the
veteran you know actually their product
manager actually emailed me asking if
there's anything Skye can do there
apparently they're still gonna Skype for
creators program so maybe I'll talk to
figure out if they're gonna go back and
tell where the [ __ ] were they in 2012
when I was getting [ __ ] ddosed every
every [ __ ] month because Skype was so
unreliably terrible it's abysmal
security features and as I want to tell
him dude [ __ ] yeah anyway so yeah yeah
no man I mean I'm excited we're dude for
sure cool well hey thanks for joining us
guys we'll be back next week be careful
what plug your [ __ ] go BAM yeah boys
boys
yo this is this dude boy T today extra X
here I'm gonna be live on my stream
after we're gonna doing some after-party
stuff here might do a little different
this week and I'll do a particular
reaction but show you guys some my
potent dank variety content on the
stream you can follow me on Twitter and
Instagram mr. Ram is now active again
Dessie followed me back so I'm feeling
pretty good about that now so I'm pretty
confident I am excited to post more
scram content so I look forward to
asking to seeing what you guys let see
on there my Twitter game is savage check
it out my Twitter is [ __ ] bumping and
pumping on my twitch I will be I'm gonna
be counting down because I'm currently
playing the Kingdom Hearts 2 to prepare
for Kingdom Hearts 3 but mostly be
playing as an able to HD on Friday what
comes out this weekend and I'm going to
Genesis 6 the largest Super Smash
Brothers super major in a
in Oakland California so I'll be over
there of February 1st through 3rd so
look forward to some IRL streams while
I'm at the [ __ ] menu because it's
gonna be [ __ ] lit so y'all can see me
play there I'll be doing that so check
me out there I'll see you guys a very
shortly on the toei stream much love as
always
alright and then i'm destinee i'm gonna
plug a twitter mr. Munna says if we get
follows on it makes it easy to get
people on oh [ __ ] we actually I told mr.
Mathis is a joke do you know who the
deplorable choir is no these three
blonde girls at sing about like yeah I'm
liking this Twitter and chat follow this
if you want on these three blonde girls
that sing about like we're gonna be able
to wall or whatever it's something like
real like white trash it yeah but nom I
told me someone to reach out to them
because they're in LA or whatever to say
they wanted to come upon us and they
actually responded with a yes so maybe
next week [ __ ] I might try to get these
on yeah I might actually try to get
these these three ladies on but I don't
know it might be huge should show they
might be really stupid like but my
basically dude this would be high this
would be hot it would be hot but like my
biggest worries they come on and like oh
well we don't really follow politics
much at all like some guy just cuz
there's a scripting we just sing it you
know that's kind of like my worry that
it would just be like really oh yeah
that they would have like no strong
opinions at all but I might try it
anyway just for the [ __ ] meme so
might be a [ __ ] show dude honestly from
what I've learned though based off of
your the podcast so your audience wants
me to react to the most and watch and
the ones have the most views people the
[ __ ] shows are the best things honestly
yeah maybe well then actually [ __ ] it
then I'll reach out to mr. min and I'll
try to make that happen for next week
and that'll be the goal for sure man
also your wait wait so we have it so we
have a Twitter now DT podcast Twitter
the only thing I'm scared of here is
that are we employment the neighbors
getting near finalized now we're gonna
call the DT podcast um no I think it's
just wait you can change names of
Twitter's and everything once I think
we're I think I might my like my rough
head right now my tentative goal is like
20 episodes for this podcast and then
after that we will basically end this
and then start a new one what kind of
like rebrand or whatever but yeah like
Twitter names everything got easy to
change so okay I gotcha gotcha
I was actually Kairos more I wanted to
show how bad our name currently is cuz I
was like stupid yeah it's pretty dumb
it's that
non-descriptive and it doesn't really
help help understand what the [ __ ] we're
about at all yeah but once we know what
we're about man and if you ever think of
new suggestions for a name to just throw
them at me and I'll let you know how I
feel about it so oh actually what
soledad told me here the D T stands for
derailed topics he ate wrong [ __ ]
there you go off the rails I don't know
that it's like a million different ways
you go that but um yeah also I have a
friend now that post on Twitter and he
does some funny stuff sometimes he was
roasting Richard Lewis for a hard last
night guys so yeah you cannot follow
that - okay I love you guys it's been
fun catch you guys next week stay safe
later peace out
