everybody today we are debating whether
or not abortion it should be a legal
right and we are starting right now
ladies and gentlemen thrilled to have
you here thanks are coming back we are
stoked for this epic debate as today we
will be debating as mentioned whether or
not abortion should be a legal right I'm
going to do a couple of really quick
housecleaning type things or the channel
this is like two weeks since I've been
able to stream I've missed everybody
I've missed this this is honestly just
such a fun way to come back for such an
exciting epic debate so with that I want
to just mention up front and then like I
said will mention the rest of our kind
of housecleaning type stuff during the
little break periods between the time
sections and so at the start I do want
to mention though we are pumped as none
of you guys are familiar with the
gentleman named Kent Hovind we were
supposed to have that debate yesterday
and he was going to debate whether or
not evolution is a dangerous idea the
only trick is last minute we had a
little bit of a delayed start because I
forgot my computer card at home and then
Kent Hogan's wife there was an issue
that he just had to make sure she was
okay it's not life-threatening she's
okay but it was something that we were
like totally Kent we want you to put
your family first so we were glad that
uh you know she's okay and that he will
be coming on tomorrow which would be a
blast though if you enjoy a good ol Kent
Hovind debate that should be a lot of
fun and Kent Hovind speaking of that a
lot of people don't know but Kent Hovind
is actually Destiny's biological father
and I'm just kidding I made that up and
not true but so basically they debated
before though and it was an epic debate
much like Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader
it was a big one so with that I wanna
mention if this is your first time here
consider hitting that subscribe button
as we have faced often
on religion politics and we're actually
also doing a distance now where Saturday
is poli-sci Saturday will be doing
politics political science type stuff
and then of faithful for faithless
Fridays that will be a regular thing as
well and then we are also going to have
origins talk tuesdays which creation
evolution Big Bang science all that good
stuff so by the way last thing I just
want to mention that no matter if you
are Christian atheist Muslim Republican
Democrat Jedi or Sith we want you to
feel welcome here we are really trying
to build an eclectic can you gonna be
with that want to say thank you so much
to our debaters they're links are in the
description so if you're enjoying this
debate you're like oh I want to hear for
more you can find them in the
description and in addition to that want
to mention I'm going to update a link
for Kelsey so they're on Facebook as
well I'm going to put that in the
description in a second and then want to
mention all of your super Jenna City
will be going to Save the Children which
is also linked in the description the
charity watchdog Charity Navigator has
given them excellent ratings they are a
superb charity that basically
nonpartisan wholly neutral they feed
starving children throughout the world
and also work on educating people in
impoverished places in the world so such
as how to read and so on and with that
thrilled to have you here want to just
mention our debaters our epic debaters
and I'm not just saying that you have to
believe me destiny if people type in
like let's say YouTube debaters on
Google Destiny's name is probably gonna
be the first one that comes up
especially for politics a destiny is a
big timer so we're thrilled am here as
mentioned linked in the description and
Kelsey as well as a superb debater and
also the president of secular pro-life
so in organizations that around for a
while and has gotten a following so want
to encourage you to check out both
parties and with that thanks for your
patience I am just going to read the
format for you so last detail is that
there will be 15 minute opening
statements from each speaker followed by
an eight minute rebuttal from each
speaker
a 30-minute open discussion period and
then 5-minute closings followed by 25
minutes of Q&A and I want to let you
know the debaters don't have to use
their full time allotted to them that's
up to them and so with that I am going
to set the timer usually we had the
affirmative start and so destiny if
you're willing though I'm willing to
defer to you as the debaters if you guys
would like it differently like if policy
wanted to go first or vice-versa that's
really ultimately up to you otherwise
it's destiny are you in cave I don't
mind going first up to you all um if she
wants to otherwise I can do it I don't
have a preference okay yeah I'll go
ahead hello everyone it's a pleasure to
be on the show want to apologize in
advance for any issues that I may have
with audio unfortunately the power went
out at my house shortly before this
livestream was to begin so I am on my
phone and I'm also in the only place
with natural light which is on my
balcony you probably hear my neighbor's
dogs barking you'll hear cars going by
you'll probably hear some thunder from
storm that knocked out the power in the
first place but also some more pleasant
sounds like birds chirping hopefully so
again apologies in advance for any audio
issues that we may encounter I am NOT a
big youtuber I don't have experience so
I kind of put this together on the fly
as he said I'm the president of secular
pro-life that's a volunteer job by by
day I'm a lawyer but my my area of
practice is not in constitutional rights
or anything like that this isn't a set
up my my day-to-day practices it's
pretty boring your contracts tough condo
HOA stuff I watched your earlier debate
with the meds peds and I think we we
really agree on a lot of things we agree
on more than we disagree truly you know
you responded to a lot of her arguments
with things that I wanted to say you
I thought your your comments on bodily
autonomy were thoughtful you didn't
allow any sort of ablest
her choice thinking to go by so I
thought you did a really good job with
that and my understanding is that we
agree on the unborn baby being alive and
being human we agree on abortion ending
a human life we agree that abortion is
generally unjustified it would be with
the exception of your mother's life or
severe health issues so so we're just
here today I believe to talk about the
public policy side of it whether those
you know judgments about the ethics of
abortion ought to be codified into
policy is that fair I don't know if I'm
gonna let all of that I don't know if
I'm gonna concede that much in this
conversation no okay okay well I didn't
watch everything you've spoken about on
abortion because it's it's quite
extensive funny you know if you have if
you start from a place of believing that
abortion ends a human life then what
we're really talking about here is the
role of government whether the
government has a role to play in
preventing violence between private
parties and in in general the answer I
think would be yes um but most
legislation prohibiting violence between
private parties is not controversial but
I understand that that pregnancy is a
special case and abortion is a special
case and that we have you know cultural
norms around it that differ very much
from from other forms of killing that
said I I don't find the argument that
banning abortion is and is an
inappropriate imposition of morality to
be convincing because all laws imposed
morality to some extent you know even
the law saying you know that you have to
pay your condominium assessments is on
some level a moral judgement that people
ought to pay their cognitive assessment
so so just saying that you know you
don't want to impose your morality
others doesn't really cut it for me I
you know my my concern about yeah I
think people who come to this saying I'm
personally pro-life but politically
pro-choice I think yeah I think they're
coming at it in good faith I don't I
don't mean to disparage you at all my my
concern with that is that you wind up
creating essentially a conception
lottery for lack of a better phrase that
you because you happen to have pro-life
beliefs or your partner happens to have
pro-life beliefs your child is protected
and safe from day one whereas another
child who happens to have the misfortune
of being conceived by for choice parents
winds up lacking that protection and you
know I I realize of course if there's
there are all kinds of inequalities of
conception from you know health to
income that it can affect you throughout
your life but but why exacerbate that
why I add to that by creating this
conception lottery as to you whether you
even get to birth in the first place so
that's my my general view I'm again I'm
open to a freewheeling discussion about
whatever whatever may come up in this
time together or at least as long as my
phone battery will allow excellent
excellent
thank you very much Kelsey depreciate
that and we're destinies opening I am
resetting the buck and it will start on
your decimal okay it's a lot shorter but
basically I think that uh when we talk
about abortion where we're basically
placing this on on three separate
pillars and we can kind of move through
any of these three but it makes probably
the most sense to start with the first
one and the first one is the is the
moral right so I would argue from a
pro-choice point of view I would argue
that the autonomy that a woman has over
her body is not something that should be
threatened by the state and I would say
that in this case it shouldn't be
threatened by the state because I don't
think it's a reasonable to assert that a
a fetus up to at least six months could
possibly be endowed with the same rights
that any other kind of person could be
and then we can kind
we'll probably a lot of this discussion
will center on what we would consider to
be a person or how we would grant
personhood but I would kind of argue
that the position that we would take
there is that we typically grant
personhood to people that have an
experience like ours so for instance the
conscious experience that we have is
humans are things that we extend to
other humans and it seems to be the
thing that we protect in terms of in
terms of granting like moral
consideration to to other people so for
example we wouldn't grant moral
consideration to a corpse even though
biologically it might match up with a
lot of different things we don't
typically grant moral consideration to
things that don't have like conscious
experiences yet so like stillborns or
people without brains that seems like an
extreme example but like for instance if
somebody is undergoing like a horrible
thing that's like destroying their brain
and they're in a coma
we don't grant more consideration for
them so that would be the area that I
would start with on that so that's
that's the first pillo the second pillar
this is kind of tautological but I mean
obviously abortion as a legal right the
Supreme Court is affirmed this at least
two times you know the roe v wade the
Supreme Court made the decision that you
that you ought to have the outside of
your body protected against the state
and then that was reaffirmed in Casey V
Planned Parenthood when it said that
states can't make unreasonable laws and
crouching about now obviously you know
it should be allowed because it's legal
as kind of thought illogical but yeah we
could throw that in there is another
pillar and then the third pillar would
be pragmatically it just makes more
sense for society to allow you to have
an abortion there are going to be women
that will seek it regardless of whether
or not it's legal letting women plan
their own families produces so many more
better outcomes for society or
mechanical is point of view so for
instance if you're not being forced to
give birth to children your life is
going to be better the life of your or
lives of your future children will be
better the lives of everybody around you
will be better because people in born to
single-parent households are probably
more likely to commit crime or more
likely to leech off of you know physical
budgets welfare stuff like that so those
are the three kind of pillars that I
would justify pro-choice or probe or
ssin stances on and then we can discuss
any of those three how much time do I
have left you've got 12 minutes I could
say more but yeah we'll leave it there
for a back-and-forth or whatever I go
for it yeah look I'm fine with being a
little more informal about
I'm gonna start with your your second
pillar and yes it's tautological but I
wanted to to expand on something that
you said which was that the Supreme
Court has found a right to bodily
autonomy I don't think that's quite
accurate so the the the public
discussion of abortion rights takes
place on a very different ground than
what the Supreme Court originally used
in roe v wade and the companion cases
the the legal argument the Supreme Court
argument has centered around a right to
privacy which is not so much part of the
public discourse anymore and even within
legal circles even within pro-choice
legal circles there's been a lot of
criticism of roe v wade for some leaps
of logic that it took the right privacy
is is it's not explicitly stated in the
constitution it's it's something that's
developed over some years of case law
and and in you know it started out I
think being used for noble purposes so
so to give an example the right privacy
was used to strike down a law that had
prohibited parents from enrolling their
children in private schools where
languages other than English were spoken
this but this is an old you know and
anti-immigrant motivated law you're
trying to force families that spoke
other languages to assimilate and not to
educate their children that way and the
Supreme Court said no that there's a
there's a right to privacy within the
family sphere that permits that type of
Education so that that really was the
origin of the right to privacy idea
which you know has been expanded to a
point of allowing abortion and that that
expansion has what was pretty
unprincipled you from a legal point of
view the decision doesn't make whole lot
sense which is why when it was revisited
in Casey they had somewhat different
that they still talked about privacy but
they had a somewhat different approach
focusing more on you know some what some
of the things that you mentioned this
idea that women
and benefit from abortion in terms of
being able to participate in society and
have careers and that sort of thing
yeah the the feminist argument obviously
I'm a woman I am this woman I have
uterus I have some sympathy for people
who want to improve women's station in
life
but at the same time I do find it
offensive because I you know I myself am
a woman with with a successful career
and I haven't killed anybody
for it and I don't need to kill anybody
for it and it feels like you know a an
industry and an ideology that I deeply
oppose is trying to take credit for my
professional successes I realize that
being offended is not an argument for or
against anything but you know the the
idea that abortion is necessary for
women's equality also bothers me because
the the premise has never been tested we
have never had a system in place where
women are genuinely equal and supported
without abortion your roe v-- wade was
in 1973 at that point there was no
Pregnancy Discrimination Act it was
perfectly legal to fire someone for
being for getting pregnant marital rape
still perfectly legal in most states up
until the early 90s I believe is when
the last of those law loopholes were
finally resolved at least here in the
United States so you know it seems to me
that we really haven't forgive me for
sounding like a hippie we haven't given
peace a chance we haven't given the
nonviolent approach to gender equality a
chance we just you know went straight to
an abortion and then try to you know
tack on some other things later but when
I you know even today when you see this
there was just a few weeks ago a an open
letter signed by CEOs of some major
fortune 500 companies saying that
abortion bans
are bad for business and when you see
that and when you look at how awful
their maternity leave policies are you
can't help but think that there's
something
a little scheme there I've gotten
off-track I know you had you've had
several other points but but that's just
my two cents not getting back to you no
not none of the Supreme Court decisions
have been based on a right of bodily
autonomy now none of the abortion
decisions have been based on a right of
bodily autonomy the the there's an old
case called buck V Bell on forced
sterilization it's never been reversed
technically forced sterilization remains
a possibility I mean obviously no one's
doing it anymore but there is there's no
bodily autonomy right codified into
either the Constitution or the Supreme
Court's abortion decisions that just
isn't the direction that they've gone
and it's that the Supreme Court's
justifications are very different from
approaches movements justifications if
that makes sense okay
are we or we just do I understand right
we're in the open discussion right now I
I think so and I felt like I'd been
talking a long time well yeah so I guess
I can respond to a couple of these so I
mean when we talk about like the Supreme
Court case kind of like affirming like a
right to privacy or whatever in terms of
how they interpreted or the or the
interpretation of roe v wade I think
that's kind of predicated on the idea
that a fetus is it like a real person
so therefore yeah so the state doesn't
have an interest or doesn't isn't a
reasonable party to you know having a
say in whether or not a woman gets an
abortion or not because we consider it
the woman's body is her own thing that
she has domain over and the state
shouldn't intervene there unless we want
to argue that a fetus is a life which
would take us over to the moral side of
things I take a little bit of issue with
the framing that that because something
is not explicitly in the Constitution
but developed from case law that is
somehow not as important to law I mean
the entire idea of the Supreme Court
even giving us these types of things is
not in the Constitution right of course
this comes from Marbury V Madison the
whole judicial review thing is nowhere
to be found in the Constitution so I
mean like I think case law is pretty
important
all right this is this is like a really
weird thing and we can branch over to
the morality thing what would you say
like you haven't killed anybody to to
reach your level of a career now I don't
know your personal life so I can't
really speculate but I mean a lot of
children are killed due to miscarriages
that happen without the woman even
knowing it like if we were to seriously
contend that from the moment of
conception somebody is considered a
human life and we would also have to say
that like the worst genocide of all time
is occurring literally every single day
in the bathroom when a woman goes to the
use the restroom and has a period that
seems a little bit worse than usual and
it actually ends up being like an early
term miscarriage which which seems like
a position to me that would be pretty
hard to defend that we should be taking
active measures to prevent accidental
miscarriages and we actually believed
that that was happening
on a daily basis so let me just well I
mean yeah I just wrote these down let me
just make sure I responded I've got two
more points the second one was whether
or not abortion was necessary for
women's equality or I guess is the last
point I don't know if you can say that
we haven't given it a chance the idea
that we haven't given non abortion a
chance I would argue that we give that a
chance every single day in the United
States there are plenty of children that
are born to single parent house also the
overwhelming majority of these children
are born to women it's much easier for a
man to get a woman pregnant and walk
away from that relationship never pay
child support
never see the child to do anything than
it is for a woman to walk away from that
relationship once she's already given
birth to the child so I mean if we were
to make abortion completely illegal I
don't see that experiment playing out
any differently than what already plays
out today in American life where if a
woman can't have an abortion or chooses
not to have an abortion the man is like
95% more likely to walk out on that than
the woman is and that's all I got
all right okay okay skipping back to to
the miscarriage I think you are
equivocating a bit on you know when you
when you say genocide I mean we think of
genocide as being like deliberate acts
of killing miscarriages are natural
deaths you know but there are my my my
point of view is that miscarriage is a
tragedy
I wish it weren't controversial to say
that miscarriage is a tragedy I think
the reason that we give it less
attention is that we don't have good
ways of preventing you know we you know
to the extent that the research has been
done what we find is that the vast
majority particularly when we're talking
about earlier miscarriages wind up being
due to genetic defects that were present
from the moment of conception and that
we couldn't possibly have done anything
to prevent so I you know I I agree that
the pro-life movement ought to care
about babies who die by miscarriage and
and abortion you know death is death I
think the reason that abortion gets so
much more attention is just because we
feel like there's something to be done
whereas with miscarriage
you know 99% of the time it's you know
it's nobody's fault it's just it's
natural death people die and at the very
beginning of life and in old age those
are just they just are the most
vulnerable times for people to die
that's that's life that's reality you
know I think that you can accept the
natural death just happens sometimes you
know if I hear that a 95 year old has
died I'm gonna say oh that's too bad but
I'm not gonna be you know marching in
the streets demanding better health care
for ninety five year olds because I'm
sure that that death wasn't preventable
it just is what it is you know and I
think you can take that position without
creating a moral inconsistent okay okay
sorry I just writing this down okay so I
would I so I think that we kind of run
into a little bit of a conundrum here so
if we admit that a miscarriage is that
like natural death can happen I don't
think the idea that natural death
happens I don't think that we just let
that argument slide for any other people
that we would like fully and doubt with
human rights so for an example of this
due to the
the evolution we've had as people due to
the way that our children grow up it is
very hard for a human female to give
birth to a human child our heads are
huge and we have more trouble than any
other species our children are worthless
until two years old or whatever that you
know they can barely walk
however yeah I wouldn't say worthless I
mean where those in terms of capability
in terms of being capable of surviving
their own so for as a result all of this
right human delivery is a very difficult
thing compared to the delivery that
other animals go through but we would
never just like allow women to give
birth in their homes and then a lot of
them die and be like oh well you know
natural death it's part of the circle of
life you know sometimes women just die
sometimes babies stick their fingers and
you know wall sockets like we usually
take active measures to prevent natural
deaths I'm short of like you know your
example some to being 95 years old and
in a hospital and dying or whatever
typically we try like really hard to
prevent all is much natural death as we
can you know people with chronic
diseases genetic disorders whatever like
we do a ton of research people sister
fibrosis I could list a million examples
so I kind of reject this idea that like
well the ton of miscarriages happen and
it's just natural death and that's okay
like it seems like you have one of two
routes that you can go here either one
you can say well you know a miscarriage
it just kind of happens in their fetuses
so you know even though it's sad we
don't care as much in which case you're
kind of relegating them to either
second-class citizens or something that
isn't getting the same you know moral
consideration is like a normal person
society in which case you've I think
you're running down a slope there that
very easily leads you to abortion or -
we're gonna have to seriously contend
that every single time a miscarriage
happens it's actually like a loss of
life like like another like life that we
should be defending the same as any
other in which case I think there are a
lot of moral implications to that that
would be really uncomfortable so for
example like the existence of fertility
clinics would be deeply immoral because
why would you actively try to get
somebody pregnant knowing that there is
a high degree of chance that the fetus
is going to die like I don't even know
if that would be considered moral should
we be aggressively screening people for
like first term like first trimester
pregnancies like if you've ever had a
sexual encounter should you constantly
be doing a pregnancy test to make sure
you're not going to accidentally
miscarry child because I'm sure there a
lot of miscarriages happen early on due
to negligence because OD doesn't know
they're pregnant should we punish people
for those early miscarriages should we
actually have investing
patience into those types of
miscarriages to see if those people
actually miscarry due to their own
negligence or fault the same of that way
that we would investigate like if a
child dies in a household if that was
due to parent negligent
negligence whatever I think all of these
things kind of logically follow from the
moral assertion that you know a
miscarriage is like a loss of life the
same way that a child dying would be a
loss of life I do take the position that
a miscarriage is a loss of life and I
think doing so affirms the grief that
families feel when they experience a
miscarriage but I don't think that the
rest of your implications really follow
and what we're dealing with here really
is a technological limitation you know
back in the day when there was nothing
to be done to prevent maternal mortality
people just said that that was life and
the gods had disfavored us or whatever
explanations that came up with in
ancient times didn't mean that women
weren't people didn't mean that women
who died in childbirth weren't evil you
know we saved the lives that we can and
at this point in our knowledge as a
species we just don't have the ability
to prevent most miscarriages or even
know what causes them and you're going
around saying oh it could be the
mother's negligence I don't think
there's any basis for that in any kind
of research that I I'm very hesitant to
to blame a woman for you know who's
grieving the loss of her child and
suggest that it was in any way her fault
because we just don't know and from what
we can tell it seems to be a genetic
issue the vast majority of the time but
but I feel like we've gotten kind of far
afield from from the topic of whether
abortion should be legal so if you don't
mind I wanted to to redirect to
something that you said early on because
I'm sure this is gonna come up in
comments from viewers which is it which
is the idea that women are going to
abort anyway so we should at least make
it safe and legal and I want to talk
about this because the the pro-choice
person who says who makes like the
back-alley argument and that's their
reason for being perfect
it's really my favorite kind of
purchaser because we're starting from
the same goal of wanting to save lives
right this is really an argument about
data you know pro-choice people and and
advocacy groups have a habit of
comparing data from different countries
and saying oh well here's a country that
has legal abortion and their maternal
mortality rates are good and here's a
country that outlaws abortion right to
life and their maternal mortality rates
are we've had here the problem with
comparing countries like that is that
there's just so many other variables at
play particularly income because low SES
countries tend to have more pro-life
legislation because the pro-choice
movement originated in wealthier
countries that's just an accident if
this and you know two can play that game
I can say you know aha g'way has
pro-life cause and it's maternal
mortality rates are way better than
other countries in the region or I could
point to Europe and say wow they have
much tighter restrictions on abortion
than the United States and the United
States maternal mortality rate is awful
you know two can play that game it's
apples and oranges but the better
approach I think is to look within the
same country before and after changes in
abortion policy and my read of that
literature is that it does not support
the claim that abortion that legalized
abortion saves women's lives I just
haven't seen you know that there if you
you know start starting with the United
States you know before and after Roe you
know if you look at a graph of women's
health outcomes before and after Roe if
things just get better and better and
better over time and there's you there's
no you know spike or or change in the in
the slope of that graph that you can
even identify where is 1973 on that
crack so I I
appreciate the yeah I appreciate the
goals behind the back alley argument I
appreciate you know people are coming at
it from a good-hearted place I just
disagree about the data I don't
necessarily disagree with anything in
here I don't think that I'm saying that
women are going to abort anyway is
necessarily a good argument to make it
legal more so that just if you predicate
this on the idea that a fetus isn't
really considered a person that we don't
grant more consideration to it the same
way we would a normal person then in
that case more abortion should
absolutely be legal because we would
want to make this procedure as safe and
accessible as possible okay and I
apologize if I if I misunderstood the
argument that you were making so yeah it
really does count come down then to you
know whether or not you believe it
someone in the womb has has its merits
moral consideration that that's that's a
fair way of putting it you know and the
I you know the position of yes they
deserve moral consideration but abortion
should be legal anyway that you know
that personally pro-life pro-choice I I
had come in to I came into this thinking
that that was your position but I think
I think now having spoken to you more
I'm I was mistaken about this oh yeah
that's okay I mean we can move over to
the I guess the moral pillar is what
some of this is contingent upon I still
take a little bit of issue with some
prior things although it kind of moved
on from it like I mean like if we really
consider for its it's like a miscarriage
to be a loss of life I would argue that
like anytime you engage in sexual
activity whether you even if you're on
birth control like if you have for
instance if you take any alcohol like
two to seven days after having sex like
you're engaging a pretty reckless
behavior that could be endangering like
a potential psycho to fetus I think
there's like a lot of weird stuff in
there but I mean we can we can move from
that to like the morality argument if if
you want in terms of when we actually
consider a fetus to be a person I mean I
I don't mind talking about that a little
bit more we've got we've got all kinds
of time and excuse me while I swatted
all mosquitoes yeah the you would
mention something earlier about you know
if is miscarriage truly is loss of life
then we shouldn't you may be pregnancy
itself is immoral because it leads to
every pregnancy ultimately III don't
have it I don't see any moral sure I'm
just I mean every child ever conceived
for something well but that's not a real
argument for anything right if you go to
the doctor and you're feeling a little
sick and you're like I think I have the
flu and then I was like you might and
you're like what can I get a
prescription is like well you're gonna
die anyway it might be in six weeks or
it might be in 60 years I mean I don't
we don't typically argue that way in
terms of like what we should protect
life with right yeah yeah I don't know
it's just like the the idea that like
this like massive loss of life is
occurring around us I feel like if we
truly believed that those types of early
term miscarriages were like that that
level of loss of life that there are
like Grammatik steps we can take to fix
that and in terms of like the pregnancy
thing I mean like any pregnant don't
know what those steps would be at this
at this point in the development of
modern medicine
well sure so like basically any sexually
active woman should probably constantly
be taking prenatal vitamins because she
could become pregnant at any point in
time without necessarily being aware of
it again even if you're on the pill or
even if you have other for even an IUD
you could get pregnant so I mean like
those are reasonable steps if somebody
could take if they truly believe they're
going to cause a loss of life to happen
due to negligence and then things like
prenatal vitamins prevent miscarriage I
mean we could probably I'm sure that
there are some miscarriages some
percentage of miscarriages that are
unavoidable but I'm also sure that there
are some miscarriages that happened
because the person just has no idea that
they're pregnant I'm sure that that
happens I'm sure there's some percentage
of epinephrine we should probably try to
avoid that as much as possible we really
believe that like an early term
miscarriage is like the death of a child
I think we're just gonna have to agree
to disagree about the implications of
all that okay yeah I will say you know I
don't think there's any reason for
anyone whether pro-life or pro-choice to
oppose efforts to you know learn more
about the causes of miscarriage that we
can try to prevent them I think that
that ought to be an area of agreement I
don't I don't see that being a political
issue I hope sure
okay well we can go ahead and move on we
can move to the moral argument in terms
of when we consider like a fetus to be a
person sure you you had said toward the
beginning that you think the defining
factor is some someone's consciousness
essentially some conscious experience
yes right so you know forgive me for
simplifying that but yeah and you and
you gave some examples of if for
instance the the corpse of course not a
person the stillborn baby which is
polluted that's a younger or sad say the
person in a coma who's not going to wake
up you know irreversible brain damage
about to die those types of situations
are not given that those people are not
given moral consideration and I think
that's that's fair but something else
that all of those examples have in
common is the fact that they have no
future
right so the if if the person in the
coma did have a possibility of returning
to consciousness that person would marry
moral consideration you know it's it's
not open season on everybody who's
comatose in all situations so I tend to
and I'm gonna totally rip off Don
Marquesas argument but the I think it's
helpful to start from asking what makes
killing wrong in general you know you
can say that it you know it's a loss for
that person's family and friends and
that's I hope that it's a maybe a Wi-Fi
or data going in and out rather than
like her phone died oh did I freeze up
I'm sorry what's the last thing you
heard me pray
oh yeah I think you were just saying
what makes killing some
yes okay so I'm not too far behind um
you know so what I said was uh duh
Marquis in his essay kind of goes by
process of elimination proposes various
reasons why friend
oh sorry Kelsey see I'm not sure if it
was for everybody else but it froze for
me a bit yes oh I actually Kelsey if you
weren't able to plug in the audio is
probably even more vital than the
picture and I think you if you're able
to turn your camera off it might even
make it slightly easier on your phone to
keep up with the hot like the amount of
processing that's doing I think you lost
her but hopefully we can get her back so
once in a while this happens I'm just
gonna quick switch over to
we are waiting on Kelsey I think that I
have a good feeling she'll come back
otherwise we might have to sometime down
the road do a part two to finish the
discussion or something
but we hopefully would get her back I
have a good feeling don't worry oh that
reminds me though I actually I can I'll
pause the timer and just mention a
couple of oh great we got her back
already
okay yeah hold on
day me here we cannot see you but that
might be good just because it'll be a
little bit less than this real labor for
your phone hello can you hear us
Kelsey
I can't I don't know she said no or I
think she was saying no like oh no oh
okay yeah that's what I thought
let's see you we might it still shows
like her little box and that I would
think is a good thing but let me check
over on the other oh you did loser but
we might we might get her back and give
it maybe one more time and I'll keep an
eye on Twitter cuz she she might DM me
on there oh and that reminds me lately
I'm inputting her link from Facebook
into the description so stoked for a
couple of other upcoming debates that we
are really excited about is we do have
doctor site dart and Aaron Roth will be
debating on science and religion in
particular biology and religion and God
they and that is going to be coming up
not this Sunday but the last Sunday of
this month so that will be definitely a
lot of fun that's going to be the 28th
as well as standing for truth is
scheduled to debate the H students at
this coming Tuesday that's going to be a
lot of fun and we also have
oh that's right you won't believe this
one inspiring philosophy we'll be
debating g-man so that's going to be an
electric one I'm sure and other
housecleaning stuff we do want to plug a
few channels that have debates in
addition to ours if you don't know
already somehow want to let you know
destiny has a lot of debates so that's
one channel where you can find a lot of
debates on a smorgasbord of issues then
Steve McCrae has the great debate
community which regularly has the
debates and discussions and he himself
at Steve McCrae I think definitely has
some debates here and there I don't know
if non-sequitur show is still doing
debates I'm happy to plug their debates
if they have them I think
word on the street says that
non-sequitur show might be transitioning
into a different niche I'm not sure to
be honest but whatever they do you know
we are happy to let you know where these
debates are happening
Kelsey hey what's up see hey hey I'm so
sorry that's okay
totally okay announcements from the
floor so I think the last thing because
we when we got you back it's still weird
basically you're just getting to the
issue of what makes it wrong to kill in
the first place
sure sure yeah and I'll try to be brief
because I know we ate through a bunch of
time with technical difficulties but the
he da marquee suit originally put
forward this argument in an essay it
kind of goes through a series of
possibilities of why killing life before
so and that's not specific to abortion
interests in general so he talks about
the loss to the victim's family and
friends with which is fine I mean that's
obviously an aspect of why killing is
wrong but it can't be the only reason
because you know it's just as wrong to
kill a hermit use someone who's less
integrated into society
he talks about killing as a moral injury
to the killer and I mean maybe but that
means that that intuitively doesn't
quite seem right and he goes through a
number of these possibilities and what
what he lands on is that you're
depriving the victim of their future
experiences and if that's the case if if
the wrongness of the killing doesn't
depend on the person's consciousness in
that moment I mean I if somebody could
sneak into my house and put a gun to my
head while I'm sleeping and I would not
not be consciously aware of my own death
that wouldn't make it any less wrong you
know if consciousness in the present
moment is less important than you know
what future experiences
are being taken away then it would seem
to follow that a fetus should merit
moral consideration because regardless
of whether they're you know conscious of
their right to life you know consciously
experiencing anything in the moment they
have that future just like you know the
comatose person who's going to wake up
has the future so so on that basis it
seems to me that that we do have a and I
think that that that's a better
explanation than present consciousness
because we do extend moral consideration
as I said to to people who are not
conscious in the moment and who may not
be for considerable length of time as in
the example of a comatose person okay so
this is an interesting idea that I've
haven't heard before so I'm gonna ask if
your probing questions cuz on its face I
feel like I would completely reject this
argument so the question is what makes
killing wrong so without having thought
about this a great deal because I
actually haven't thought about that
particular question great deal my kind
of gut reaction to our most things wrong
because they tend to violate the
autonomy of some agent that we would
normally want to have autonomy typically
in society what most of our laws are
hopefully centered around keeping people
safe so that they can enjoy that the
most out of their autonomy and then if
when we revoke this autonomy it's
usually for explicit valuable reasons so
for instance we don't grant autonomy to
six-year-olds because we don't think
they can actually keep themselves safe
so to switch this out and to say that
well in reality killing is wrong because
we're depriving somebody of their future
experiences that argument sounds not
very satisfying to me because I got to
get like a couple reasons firstly it
almost sounds like there are tears of
how wrong a murder is based on the
amount of time a person could be
expected to have left so for instance
let's say that we know that somebody's
going to die of cancer three months is
killing that person less wrong than
killing somebody that's maybe you know
25 years old and could be expected to
live till 60 or 70 how would you respond
your question I got I'm curious well I
would
you know that killing is wrong I think
you you can't know how much time a
person has left you can make educated
guesses you know on an actuarial basis
but the the premise I think is that any
amount of future experience that what
what right does anybody have to tear
away any amount of experience from some
other person you know whether they're
going to live to be a hundred or get hit
by a bus tomorrow it's kind of beside
the point it's it's up to that person to
at least have the chance to then make
the most of their own their cotton yeah
so I don't disagree with what you said
but I think it's because you kind of
hinted at like what the underlying
things we can kind of talk about future
experience but I don't think that's the
important part I think what you said at
the end there that it's up to them to
decide I think that's the reason why we
typically consider killing to be wrong
is because you're removing the autonomy
from another person it's not the idea
that we're depriving somebody of our
future experience is the idea that we're
depriving them of their future
experience against their will and in
order for somebody to be deprived of the
future experience and for us to care
about that that person has to be an
agent that's capable of making a
decision about their futures so for
instance if I were to go outside and
crush a rock which I can't do because
I'm not starting to do that but if I
were to crush a rock I technically I've
deprived that rock of future experiences
but gonna really care about the future
experiences of the rock because the rock
can't make a decision about what it
would like its future experience to be
so I would argue that future experience
is predicated on something being
sentient or conscience because if it's
not having an experience like we have it
doesn't really have any sort of
consideration for any kind of future
experience so the same way that like a
fetus that's only two or three months
old much the same as a rock this doesn't
really have a concept of any kind of
future experience doesn't really have
the autonomy of of an agent that makes
decisions so we're not really depriving
anything that we would consider
autonomous of any kind of future
experience the the problem that you run
into there is that it just as well
justifies infanticide you know an infant
has no more autonomous ability to
consider what their future experiences
should be than a fetus and I think you
run into a and you you can correct me if
I'm wrong but I think there's an
underlying idea here that a person has
to be aware of their rights to
have I don't subscribe to that I do
think that it's possible for someone to
have rights and not be aware of those
rights to give kind of a silly example
back when the health care reform was
being debated that that's a bad phrasing
it's possibly being intubated
back when the Affordable Care Act is
being drafted and amendments were being
put forth and that kind of thing and you
know there's all kinds of discussion
about making sure that children were
insured and the children had health care
the onion put out an article saying oh
you know all these people are trying to
get more health care health care and
doctor's visits for children but we
wouldn't interviewed children and they
don't want to go to the doctor more
often yeah which is a silly thing but if
you think there's a right to health care
you're probably not going to be
convinced by the fact that the kids
themselves don't think they have a right
to health care or understand that
concept
so if you if you look you know take a
step back from that and say okay the way
to solve this problem is to look at
someone's ability to be autonomous in
the future you run into the exact same
problem that the infant just like the
fetus the fetus has that capacity
assuming you don't kill them now to
autonomously direct their future
experiences so again I would argue that
the difference between I think it's
around it seems like our ability to have
a conscious experience happens around
six months in the womb that this is when
the prefrontal cortex develops and this
is the area of the brain that we seem to
believe it kinda is where consciousness
kind of comes from so if you were to
talk about like the conscious experience
of a two-year-old we could have a
meaningful conversation about that now
they might not have the wherewithal to
choose like the healthiest diet or to
crawl in the most advantageous direction
but it is having a conscious experience
that we would consider worth protecting
same thing with a six-year-old something
with a 60 year old but something that is
in the womb that doesn't have that that
brain developed yet basically has the
same types of preferences as a rock or a
tree or any other physical object that
exists that doesn't have a conscious
experience we have no way of relating to
it or no way of like making any type of
moral statement against this thing
because it just doesn't have an
experience that we can talk about
and talking about potential experiences
just puts us in a really weird area that
I mean we can go down that road if we're
gonna think like potential experiences
but we run into like anti-natal estar
gyun's that I think get pretty hard to
to argue against what do you mean by
anti-natal is arguments well if we want
to talk about like the potential
experiences of anything I think we think
we would make an argument that it's
pretty easy to say that all forms of
conception if we want to consider
experiences that aren't happening yet we
could argue that all forms of conception
are immoral because you're exposing
something to a potential suffering that
never consent it to it so for instance
life generally has if you don't have
suffering you at least are exposed to a
risk of suffering and to take somebody
and expose them to that without them
actually consenting to it we would
consider this to be him Moreland every
other aspect of society even if we
believe that most people would be better
off for it
so for instance if 100 people walked
into a church you know sermon and 95 of
them came out with a million dollars and
five of them got their arms cut off even
if even if we said most people came out
of that Internet age ously we would
argue unless you informed them going
into that was a possibility that's a
highly immoral act like yeah ok so ok I
I'm not I'm not sure I quite follow it
so so I understand you obviously like
something yes especially now because I'm
getting being eaten alive by so you're
saying that if we treat the fetus as you
know a as morally relevant because of
their future agency then whether you
abort them or give birth to them you're
harming them is that the argument that
that birth itself would be a harm
because you don't know you haven't
because fetus is not consented to life
on the outside
well basically those that come with that
my argument is that moral consideration
is granted to things that have an
experience like our own
my kind of baseline argument that starts
at about six months in the womb if we
want to not have that if we want to say
well anything that could have a
potential experience is something that
should have more consideration then I
would bring up well okay well we're
gonna talk about potential experiences
how can you subject anything to
potential suffering without getting its
consent that seems to be like a pretty
big violation of of the event of any
creature it's kinda what I'm saying so
basically the short version is like if
you want to have a baby and you think
that we should consider its experience
in all points even before it's having an
experience well how do you escape things
like antinatalism that says that giving
birth to something it is exposing it to
potential suffering that it never
consented to I mean I obviously I don't
buy the antenatal asst argument I I
think I think the idea of consenting to
your life is just bizarre
whether yeah wet wet but I think it's
bizarre
at any point why whether you think life
begins at conception or at birth I agree
100%
so the idea I'm consenting to your life
is bizarre but that's because a fetus
can't consent to anything it's it's
bizarre because it's unimaginable it's
unimaginable for us to talk about the
experience of anything that exists in
the womb before six months now at six to
seven or eight months we can start to
make guesses because it has that
prefrontal cortex you know it exists
probably in a pretty large room or I
guess not that large at six months it
swims around it can feel warmth it can
hear its mother's voice its processing
things that we can kind of like relate
to but prior to that I would agree that
it is bizarre that we could ask it to
consent to anything because it can't it
doesn't have an experience like ours
which is why I don't think we grant it
moral consideration well I think I think
bility to consent to anything is it's
something that rises much later in life
I think the ability and forgive me
understand I throw in charge
I think the cream you seem to be tying
together the concepts of someone being
morally relevant and having to get that
person's consent for things I just
thought that it's not right though in
childhood and I think you acknowledged
before I mean that when you're dealing
with a child who's you know ability to
make good decisions for themselves is
limited or non-existent its consent is
impossible as much as you might
like to to get it it's just I think
we're just talking about two different
things when we're talking about someone
being morally relevant for purposes of
protecting them from from you know being
killed versus getting their consent for
you know how they're going to be raised
or what their life is going to be well I
guess like my quest would be like if
we're talking about the future
experience is something how do you
escape when people ask you about like
the future experience of like like like
like a child that doesn't exist at all
yet so like let's say for instance like
a friend was gonna go over and have sex
with somebody else and you prevent that
from happening did you just effectively
murder like the creation of a potential
fetus or how do you escape those kinds
of problems so this this is one of the
objections that that Marquess
anticipates and he addresses it better
than I can in Goodman the format of this
debate but but basically the idea is you
can't violate the rights of an
individual you can't identify there's no
if there's no pointing to you know whose
right is being violated exactly with
abortion you may or may not agree that
the fetus is morally relevant but you at
least know who is dying in this abortion
it's that this fetus whereas if you have
you know this broader idea of you know
even prior to conception there are
rights
I think that's problematic now there are
there are some contexts where people
have tried to make that argument totally
outside of abortion so for instance you
know arguments that people yet to be
conceived have the right to a better
environment
you know environmental protections being
justified on the basis of future
generations or you hear it sometimes in
the concept sorry in the context of of
national debt you know how is it moral
to impose these debts on people who
haven't you see yet but those are you
know more on a class basis rather than
you know talking about individual sure
so one of the problems we run into
I wish I'd read the paper I'm not sure
the person who's autumns referring to I
don't know them fully but so I'll ask
you to expand on this when you say you
can't violate the right of an individual
that you can't identify you're
essentially you're engaging in a form of
begging the question because what we're
really asking is what is an individual
so for me if I say well an individual is
somebody that has a conscious experience
like your own
well that statement is just as true for
me as it is for you so I'll say you
can't violate the right of an individual
that you can't identify but I would
argue that a fetus is not identifiable
as an individual but you would say well
as I goat is identifiable as an
individual and then somebody else might
say well you know a sperm and an ovum
can be identifiable as parts of an
individual the same way the fetus isn't
a full individual so really like I don't
and parts of that's that's the rub well
sure but like by itself don't have a
future on their own well but nothing by
itself as a future is not a zygote is
just a I think a single seller like a
collection of very few cells and that is
no future on its own it has no identical
brain no identical nervous system so I
mean like it needs parts from the from
the mom you know the same way that an
ovum these parts from a sperm to come
together and form a zygote a zygote
needs parts from the mom to form a
greater hold on than that thing needs
more parts from the mother to develop I
mean where we draw the line seems to be
somewhat arbitrary I'm going with the
conscious experience because that seems
to be what we identify whether there's a
thing that makes you you know granted
more consideration but if we don't do
that yeah I'm just I'm asking what is
the individual in that statement of you
care about the residue vidual I think
there's two different you know when you
talk about you know needing more parts
and more pursuit there's a difference
between you know so a sperm cell on its
own if it doesn't fertilize an egg it's
just gonna you know die in a couple days
and be done at same same at the egg it's
not fertilized that it's and Scott once
the two combined what they need is not
more parts what they need is impression
you know if you're talking about you
know getting more parts from the mother
and that being a threat to individuality
you know we all need nutrition through
we're all growing and changing lives and
taking in more things body I think that
becomes nonsense
okay well two-minute warning okay yeah
so I mean I would I would say we have to
be really careful this phrasing cuz we
that's like that's like a pro-choice
Eggman we just made so for instance like
to say that a sperm cell will die in a
couple days on its own you know ovaries
die in a couple days on their own I mean
a fetus will die in a couple days on its
own that's typically how pro-choicers
will argue in favor of abortion a fetus
is not viable outside the womb so that
means it's okay to abort we can argue
that what they need is just nutrition
but that's not really what a fetus needs
it doesn't need nutrition in the same
way that I need nutrition it literally
needs to be connected inside of another
thing and then it needs like a
specialized environment inside of
another biological organism I think
we're going above and beyond just
requiring nutrition like we're requiring
like the body and the revocation of the
autonomy of another like physical
biological agent like all at the same
time I think I think it's above and
beyond just nutrition I would say okay
and now we're now we've circled around
back to you bodily autonomy and what is
the extent of bodily autonomy and I
should be killing clearly I do think
bodily autonomy is a value I don't think
it's absolute I think that you can you
know have mandatory vaccination I think
you know nobody is objecting to an
eight-year-old being unable to go into a
tattoo parlor and get a tattoo but it's
my body no no nobody thinks that that
the right to bodily autonomy is absolute
so so it's a question of finding that
balance and I do think you know trying
to circle back to the original debate
topic that's finding that balance is an
appropriate role for government for
public oh sure to be clear I'm not
trying to circle back to the to the
bottom a ton of anything I was just
taking issue with how you defined
nutrition if you say something just
needs nutrition to survive and you're
like okay cool and then you clobber me
over the head and you hook somebody up
to my kidney because their kidneys don't
work and their blood is getting boys and
you're like well here you go you're just
providing them nutrition now I would
take issue with the framing of how
you've used that word nutrition I don't
think they need nutrition they need
access to my body much the same way that
a fetus growing a body doesn't just need
nutrition it literally has access to
your body so I was just taking issue
without framing there you
our nutrition okay okay
fair enough I yeah so the the I think oh
I need to step in it if it's okay if we
move into the closings we've run out of
time for the auction is it is this
something that you're able to cover in
the closing otherwise yeah she could
take us long it's okay I'm not gonna
like call clock on you it's fine yeah
you know I kind of lost my train of
thought to be honest I mean we've gone
through a lot of oh I know what I was
gonna say it the the the analogy of
forced organ donation I think that's a
really good analogy for why it's wrong
to get women pregnant when they don't
want but once the donation quote-unquote
has occurred you have a different set of
moral consideration so if you were to
try to imagine and I know that this is a
crazy hypothetical but if you were to
imagine that you you go to the hospital
for some routine operation maybe an
appendectomy or something and instead
due to some terrible act of medical
negligence they won't wind up taking one
of your kidneys and giving it to
somebody else and that person is now
reliant on your kidney that's terrible
you should definitely be compensated for
that loss of your bodily autonomy under
the law but can you go and stab the guy
who has your kidney to get it back I
don't think so I don't think bodily
autonomy extends quite so far as to
allow lethal violence in that situation
so that that was all I was gonna say
about that but didn't you know if we
want to move to two just general
closings we've covered obviously a lot
of ground this afternoon
I haven't really been able to take notes
due to my technological issues that I'm
having I still I'm having some internet
issues I have power back thankfully but
not full Internet so
I'll just say that I've had I've had a
really enjoyable experience debating
with you my we didn't go a whole lot
into the question of you know if the the
child is if the fetus is worthy of moral
consideration and if abortion is a
killing and if abortion is unjustified
and you are personally for like does it
follow that you should also be
politically pro-life or can you take
this step of not wanting to impose your
values on someone else we didn't really
talk much about that maybe it's I can
come up during Q&A with our listeners
but I would just say that I I think the
consistent position to take is to be one
of the other political politically and
personally be pro-life and pro-life or
be pro-choice and for choice but I think
I think mixing the two together puts you
in a position of having to twist into
moral knots gosh yeah with that we will
let each of you if you want to say
anything in addition on that issue you
are more than welcome to as we go to the
closing statements you don't have to use
all five minutes closing statements I'm
sorry no that well consider that your
closing so sorry about that no that's
okay and with that we will go to
Destiny's closing statement so I need to
pretty much Kelsey we'd really
appreciate it yeah so like I feel like
on the on the pro-choice side I feel
like or on the pro-life side rather I
feel like there's really difficult to
establish a reason for why we should
yield more consideration to something
that just doesn't have a conscious
experience once we start to make
arguments that kind of defend potential
future experiences we just we run into
all sorts of bizarre moral conundrums
that are that I mean seem even on their
face to be like completely bizarre or or
completely unsolvable you know and even
we even start to make arguments that the
pro-choice or would you so if
instance like well you know a sperm is
meaningfully different from as I go
because you know like a really early
fetus can survive on its own and I was
like yeah of course there's these are
reasons why we don't grant either of
these things for consideration I would
argue that uh I would argue that the
most consistent time to do it is when
something's have an experience like our
own when things have experiences we can
relate to them obviously we feel pain we
hear voices we you know have our
emotions and all these things and that
that usually starts around six months in
the womb and that any abortion that
happens before then I mean it's the same
thing as crushing a rock or you know
knocking over or whatever that these are
just these are things that exist that
maybe at one point can have experiences
that we should worry about but until
they get to that point we just don't
really consider them and addressing real
quick the thing about like you wake up
and you find that somebody has stolen a
kidney from you and put it in someone
else it feels wrong or it feels bad as
they're like well hold on if you take
the kidney back you know you can't just
do that but I would argue actually you
can I would argue the two things in that
in that analogy one you can go and take
your kidney back from the person and two
IVA can see that it is morally wrong to
murder that person they seem
contradictory on their face but the the
confusion is that the moral weight of
killing that person doesn't actually
fall on the person that takes their
kidney back it falls on the person that
originally took their kidney from them
and gave them to another person so if we
have person a B and C person C steals
the kidney from person a and gives it to
person B person a has every right to get
their kidney back from person B it will
cause that person to be killed or
murdered but the weight of that murder
will every single time fall on person C
and that's how I would address that
issue and that's all I got you got it
thank you very much we will now move
into the Q&A so for your questions feel
free to submit them into the live chat
we do have a good list already but if
you have any others you can just help me
out a little bit by putting at
modern-day debate at the start that'll
just tag it so it'll be orange for me
and it'll be easier for you to pull
those out but we will start with super
chats the Crawdaddy uh zero to nine
thanks for your super chat he says I
always found it very odd that a woman
wants to give her body
right up to the government to decide
kenchi he communes ken kelsey explained
that i don't think that i'm giving up
anything by saying that other people's
children and my children deserve equal
protection that this kind of gets back
to the point I was making at the very
beginning that you know that I don't
want to see a conception lottery and I
don't see that as giving away my bodily
rights if I don't believe that I have a
right to commit violence against my
children to start with I don't believe
anyone does anything weary head the
Rainbows is rolling next one Michael
Dresden says don't forget to Like and
sub if you haven't already thanks for
your support Michael we appreciate that
and by the way all super chats 100% will
go to save the children the 30% that
YouTube takes we as a channel where I'm
trying to get in connection with YouTube
to ask if they won't take it during our
charity streams but in the meantime
we're just going to use tas super chat
like money that's come in and will kind
of bring that 30% back up so that is
that the whole hundred percent so next
up another avenue to donate where that's
not an issue I thought you would mention
yes there is so if you use stream labs
there is a link in the description that
usually says support the stream and you
can actually make a on stream labs.com
slash modern-day debate you can make
your donation and then YouTube doesn't
take the 30 percent out of it so that
basically it goes in through stream labs
rather than YouTube and we can read that
out loud as well so thanks for
mentioning that quality I appreciate
that and Kyle's book keeper I have a
feeling this isn't really Kyle's book
keeper they say excited that 100 percent
of super chesil now gonna need it's not
quite right it's trying to save the
children but whoever that is thanks for
your donation to save the children
the Crawdaddy thanks for your super chat
he says please no G man he's a tool
oh come on Jimenez
I just you gotta love him the exact
passion and it we're thankful that he
comes on he's he's a character next up
we've got the Crawdaddy
zero to nine thanks again piers super
chat he said so you're saying parents
are obligated to give their newborn
their blood or organs if needed simply
because the newborn can have a future I
think that's for Kelsey I think you know
big I think newborns present a different
case just because his support for the
newborn could potentially come from
other sources I think we would
definitely look askance at a parent he
refused to give blood to their needy
child for no reason other than they can
feel like it but we have blood banks we
have collective responsibility for that
where we you know created a structure
since that is not a moral dilemma gosh
thanks so much we appreciate it and then
we have new subscribers I missed a lot
of these so sorry it was just flying and
I'm I'm a little bit extra scattered
today so hunter fight we appreciate you
subscribing wait actually tonight can I
ask a question on that actually I'm
really curious on that because you're
kind of sites up that a little let's say
for instance there wasn't another kidney
available and let's say that you had a
child that was six years old and that
child needed a kidney to survive do you
think that a parent should be compelled
by threat of state violence to donate a
kidney to that child or that if the
child died the parent would be held like
legally responsible I think under
current law that parent would likely be
held responsible for child neglect if
you're if you think of your child dies
because you don't donate a kidney to
your child that the parent you so
ignoring current law as morally you
think that's a possibility I'm not a
criminal attorney I'm but my my
understanding of that area of law is
that denying medical care to your child
is not just a nine medical care but that
you yourself should be compelled by the
state that you to be a moral person to
that you should give your kidney to your
child if your child is six years old
they have a kidney problem
can you survive it you should absolutely
be morally compelled and and legally
compelled to do that do you think so
otherwise you're being well morally I
think absolutely legally I don't know if
that situation has come up before I
think there is a possibility under
current law that refusal to do so would
be medical medical neglect of your child
know that because I'm not sure if it's
come up yeah so not answer not answering
the current legal question that's
already the law but do you think it that
should be the law that a parent should
be forced much the same way that you
would argue somebody should be forced to
carry a child to term under the law do
you think that a parent should be forced
to donate their kidney to the child so
I'm not I think that I think probably a
better analogy is the liver if we're
trying to analogize this to pregnancy
which is over after nine months and your
uterus goes back to its normal size the
liver can be donated partially and will
regrow so I think you know if we if we
make that the analogy yeah I don't know
what that that seems horribly selfish or
a parent not to donate to their dying
child
okay so then so you would argue that the
parents should be compelled I would take
issue with the idea that the uterus goes
back to his normal size because
pregnancy does cause their reversible
changes to your body but even we grant
that you would say that the law should
say that the parent under threat of
state violence should absolutely be
compelled to donate a part of their body
to their child that they don't have an
option there they have to I mean you're
saying threat of state violence like
someone's putting a gun to their head
well big it that well that's how that's
how that's how the law works right you
know I think if someone were to fail to
donate their liver in that situation and
the child died they would likely be
charged with some form of negligent
homicide
okay sure and I think that prosecution
would be just okay
gosh sure next stop thanks very much
both of you we have another question or
I should say these are yeah so thanks
for those new subscribers and questions
we have one from shirt's on what should
be the best
what should the best policies be to
reduce the number
of abortions I think that might be for
both speakers I hope it is because I
think this is an area of a lot of common
ground secular pearl lake is a big
supporter of comprehensive sex education
we support near the use of condoms to
prevent unplanned pregnancies in the
spread of STDs
we support just you know in general
better support services for women
particularly those who are economically
vulnerable you know who are single
mothers two older children already you
know all of those things I think ought
to be common ground measures and we have
seen reductions in abortion rates from
implementation of not not full-blown
abortion bans since none of those have
gone to effect it since Roe but from for
example requirements of informed consent
the the abortion clinic has to present
information on creative development
prior to abortion requiring parental
notification before an abortion on a
minor so that the parents have an
opportunity to step in and say now you
know hold hold on wait we are going to
support you this is not going to ruin
your life we're not shaming you we're
here to help you know those kinds of
incremental measures have been shown to
reduce abortion rates I mean I would I
get at reducing abortion in terms of
making so that a pregnancy never happens
is it really good so things like
contraceptive use contraceptive use sex
education these are really good things I
would say that threatening people so for
instance I don't agree with the framing
that parental consent is a way to make
it so that the parents can provide
support to the child for their future
child the parents can't but they're like
short of adoption having a child is a
lifelong commitment like the fact that
your parents will help you through it a
little bit isn't going to change the
impact that that's gonna have on your
life these seem to be roadblocks that
people put up just to make it impossible
for somebody to get an abortion I don't
think that people are genuinely
reconsidering their abortion when you go
to a doctor they're forced to show you
pictures of like a terminated fetus or
something I would reject the framing of
that
gotcha I'm not sure how else informed
consent could have an impact on abortion
rates if women aren't changing their
mind it doesn't add to the cost of an
abortion to have that informed consent
and pressed and I don't believe it
involves photos of dead babies I'd the
the on parental notification was was not
so I and I may have phrased it badly but
what I had in mind was you know the
teenager who gets pregnant and freaks
out and thinks oh my god I have to hide
this from my parents they're gonna kill
me they're gonna freak out I have to get
you know go get a secret abortion and
then she made me pleasantly surprised to
find that her find out that her parents
actually are supportive and will love
like that that's what I had in mind when
I said support what I mean like is that
up for the doctor to decide though like
what there are cases were the parents
they weren't gonna kill the child but
they will legitimately like make the
life hell for their child that actually
gets pregnant I mean I don't know if I
would want a medical institution to
decide how my parents are going to feel
about a medical procedure because it may
very well be that they are going to be
absolutely upset and want to kill me for
doing for getting pregnant in an early
age so I mean it seems like we don't
require that for any other type of
things so I don't know why we would here
but I know I think we do generally
require parental consent for surgeries
on minors abortion is the exception I
can't think of any other surgical
procedure that a child can have without
their parents knowing about it yeah yeah
that's probably true yeah but but but to
your point about abusive situations
there there is a procedure called
judicial bypass created by the Supreme
Court where a judge can evaluate
potential abusive situations and make
Herbert referrals then and waive
parental notification but that that's a
that's a very personal gosh yeah
thanks so much next up we will go to
darth calculus thanks for your question
it is for either do you think there is a
similarity between abortion and drugs
regarding the phrase there
to do it anyway so just make it legal ah
I think similar arguments are being made
I don't know what do you think see them
I mean yeah I mean that it's kind of
similar but like the the morality by
both of these is a lot different right
like yeah yeah if you're gonna if
they're gonna do it anyway then just
like make it legal make it safe it's a
good argument unless you believe that
there's like I'm we're all wrong being
committed right so I mean that's what
that question comes down to right I mean
with drug use the only person you can
hurt yourself
unless you're you know off driving while
intoxicated which we can all agree as
well and there are laws against that
regardless man right right gosh [ __ ]
thanks so much
next up Walter White thanks for your
question and Walter asked when would you
say it is no longer okay to abort
is there a biological answer to it I
mean I would say it around six months is
when the fetus begins to develop the
parts of its brain needed to have a
conscious experience which seems to be
what we're most interested in with
people that if I could remove one part
of the body to make it so that you don't
think a person is bored the immoral
consideration it would probably be that
part of a brain that gives you an
experience okay yeah I think Kelsey if
you want to answer to you can oh I mean
I don't think abortion is appropriate at
any point in pregnancy but to the second
half of that question of can biology
answer it not really about Lani biology
can inform the discussion but you know
there's there's no you know personhood
organ that forms at this particular
second your the the science is helpful
but it's not going to be dispositive of
the Moller question gotcha next mark
Caesar has a question for you
Kelsey thanks and yes could you ask LC
when she considers fertile
fertilized egg to be a viable human I'm
not entirely sure what she means that so
so viability
is an interesting concept it's it's
really a
Supreme Court created a concept by
setting it at 24 weeks so sohbat
viability as as a legal concept or as a
legal / medical concept is is the point
at which the baby can survive outside
legally it's been set at 24 weeks but on
the ground it's gonna vary tremendously
from person to person right you know so
we all grow at different rates do
different people are different and and
the environment matters as well so to
take for example a woman who lives
within walking distance of a hospital
with a fantastic NICU versus a mother in
a more rural area that doesn't have good
hospital access you know maybe they're
the same week number of weeks along in
pregnancy but the one would survive and
the other wouldn't just based on how far
away the NICU is and of course then
either one of them could travel during
them yes so so the the viability idea is
very subjective and that's why the
Supreme Court has said it at 24 weeks
not because babies can't survive before
that point some can and have but it's
it's just an arbitrary policymaking
decision from the court so if the
question is when when if you're defining
viability as as when someone can survive
outside the womb that's that's the
answer if there's some other definition
of viability being used that I'm not
sure gosh yeah thanks so much
next slam and thanks for that question
mark slam are in thanks for your
question she asked is destiny familiar
with the quote-unquote complete lives
program and they asked or or is Kelsey
familiar with it I'm I am NOT no I'd
like to know what that is you got it
it's new to me as well but I think I saw
another question from slam RN thanks for
your second question and that is Ken
does tell us he have
opinion on how minorities are targeted
and the beliefs of Margaret Sanger in
eugenics yeah so um we could do several
it was fun on that topic I'll try to be
brief yeah I think certainly in the
earlier days of the abortion movement
there was an unpleasant racial component
Justice Ginsburg what who was not on the
court at the time
Roby Wade was decided she'd went later
but she she commented that she was
surprised that the same court that
upheld that set down Roe later allowed
prohibitions on taxpayer funding of
abortion because she thought Roe was was
geared toward not having to many of the
populations we don't want too many of
which is a frightening so yes race does
matter and we do to this day see a
disproportionate you know in terms of
you know the percentage of black women
in the population versus percentage of
abortion clients who are black it it's a
disturbing discrepancy but I would not
go so far as to suggest that you know
every abortion clinic owner today is
some kind of eugenicist I think oh um
you know that that history is there and
that it still has some influence but you
also have to consider how much of
abortion is driven by financial crisis
and that financial crisis is more likely
to occur among people of color so that
explains at least part of the variation
gosh yeah thanks so much next up we will
hopefully get to we're gonna get to as
many questions as we can the other late
influx of them and we have to close the
Q&A and take just as we got a lot of
questions and we're trying to do the
best possible so Landon Freeman thanks
for your question we appreciate it
for destiny if pro-abortion advocates
have such a compelling case why do many
rely on
instrument and I mean every person
relies on out homonyms and euphemisms
it's just me that has every side of
every political debate ever got shot
thank you very good today Thanks
next up thanks for your question
Stanislaus bolongo we appreciate it
they asked for destiny do you have a
defeater for the Jesse Lee Peterson's
pro-life analogy well I think I think
that's a dumb name I don't think he's
asking a real question I don't even know
what that is
gosh yeah I appreciate it a comrade
thanks for your question it says Stephen
says we should extend moral rights to
beings with conscious experiences but
not potential conscious experiences does
that mean it's okay to kill someone who
is asleep I don't think so I think
there's a continuation of the conscious
experience there that like somebody that
goes to sleep and then wakes up is
having like a conscious experience
that's been temporarily interrupted I
think this is meaningfully different
than something that has never had a
conscious experience at any point in its
life so for instance like we wouldn't
say that a sleeping person has the same
sort of experience as like a rock that
never has and never will have a
conscious experience god yeah next up
thanks for that question fierce deity
asks will you make up with Hasan in this
abortion debate this is another man go
to the next one
yeah okay next Walter white asked Kelsey
when when does life begin for you
yo maka Yamanaka won a Nobel Prize for
turning a liver cell in an embryo so is
drinking a beer that kills liver cells
abortion so someone took a liver cell
and turn it into an embryo is what he's
saying I think so I am not familiar with
that research I take issue with the the
framing of the question of wind is like
and for you I don't think that that is
the sort of question that is reliant
upon a person's subjective experience I
think life begins when the overwhelming
scientific consensus says it begins with
just whisper meat egg this idea and and
I'm not I'm not suggesting that it
Stephen holds to this or or even that
it's all that prevalent but I have seen
this sort of idea that the life of any
particular embryo or fetus begins when
the mother decides that it begins almost
as though we have like a supernatural
ability to like through the power of our
own thoughts creates life I'm all about
girl power women are awesome but we get
there I gotcha thanks for your response
and Kent Hovind CPA don't think it's as
real CPA but they sent a super shot
thanks for that super chat I don't
understand what this music I said I've
had it up to here with fetuses but
thanks for your donation to save the
children I don't know what's I don't
know the slaying anymore that was thing
but anyway actually Julia got thanks for
your question they asked destiny what
happens to bodily autonomy of the mother
if you believe abortions after six
months ought to be regulated the bodily
autonomy of the mother isn't really
considered at that point if we consider
that the fetus is something that ought
to have more consideration granted to it
so for instance we would say that like
stealing money from a person is wrong
and telling somebody that they like have
to give money to somebody and let's
gonna make tax arguments is generally
wrong but like we wouldn't say that well
paying child support is wrong because
will violate that autonomy in that case
because we're protecting like the future
or the autonomy of another like
currently existing thing so autonomy is
relevant when you're talking about like
having an abortion because I don't
consider the fetus to be a living person
but past six months when it is well the
autonomy of the mother doesn't override
the autonomy of the fetus to survive at
that point
another thing that's six months old you
got it thank you so much next up Jesus
is Lord asks
for destiny do you think a child who
survives a botched botched
or failed abortion should be killed is
that to me yeah yeah wait what was it
what was the question I'm sorry it cut
out a little I'm sorry
as they asked do you think a child who
survives a botched or failed abortion
should be killed I think they mean like
immediately after the abortion right
like right for live in the in the course
of an abortion procedure I think it's
what they mean I mean if it is if it's
less than six months if it doesn't have
it's like brain developed or whatever
then then sure I mean I wouldn't
consider that a murder but I mean if
it's post six months I don't think you
should be having that abortion anyway
because that does have a conscious
experience and it ought to have moral
consideration so your so before six you
know so let's say like I think the
earliest surviving is like maybe 22 or
23 weeks you're just short six-month cut
up are you suggesting that even though
that baby is now outside the womb and
not a direct threat to anybody's bodily
autonomy they should nonetheless be
killed because mom just doesn't want to
have want to have a baby out there isn't
interested in placing for adoption you
think that is a sufficient justification
well that stage yeah of course I don't
need a justification because I don't
consider it
I don't consider something worthy of
more consideration much the same that I
don't need sufficient justification to
turn my nails you know over a sink I
mean like the flip side of that is that
fertility clinics that store you know
unused zygotes have an implanted yet are
committing again another sort of
genocide when they when they dumped
these at the end of the month because
they're no longer viable I mean I don't
I wouldn't consider that to be like a
mass murder being carried out by a
fertility clinic because these are
things that I don't grant moral
consideration to I think you're I think
you're putting yourself in a corner with
respect to premature infants it but we
can move well how I mean the onus is on
you to establish why moral
considerations should be granted I
granted at a state of having a conscious
experience and I don't believe that
we've fully fleshed out or that you
fully justified an alternative position
there in terms of when you would grant
more consideration to the to
anything well I I thought the whole
point of any right to abortion was to
vindicate bodily autonomy if you're
saying you know go ahead and kill the
premature infant who doesn't have a
conscious experience that's going way
beyond a right to abortion that's
creating essentially a right to a dead
baby I I don't I don't know how the
bodily autonomy think plays in here it's
it's more just what do we as we're
talking about a baby that has that has
left that has exited the womb in a
botched abortion procedure baby made it
out alive why why would the mother then
have any stay over what happens to the
life that baby yeah so again the
phrasing here is a form of begging a
question we're saying the baby made it
alive you're already winning your
conclusion just on that Freight framing
I wouldn't say that a baby made it out I
would say that a fetus or a 22 week old
yeah sure that's what a 22 week old it
is once out of the mother's body why why
should the woman then what what interest
does she have in in that child's life or
death why why would she at that point be
the decision-maker when bodily autonomy
isn't all most people I mean that's an
interesting question I would argue that
whatever came out would be the
possession of that person and that we
should respect their right to whenever
it comes out of their body so much the
same way that like if I went to the
hospital when I had a kidney removed I
think I should probably have like a
right to hold on to that I don't know if
I'm not sure what are the legislation
says right now I can a doctor like steal
that body part from you if they take it
out or do you have the right to like
walk away with it but no I mean whatever
comes to be disposed of as medical waste
pursuant you know okay sure then sure
then yeah then whatever the law is sure
whatever the laws it would be disposed
of then I guess it's medical waste then
but no i don't i mean like i guess if
you consented to it you could if you
want to take i I think that's Wow
well yeah I mean I understand you can't
but you haven't provided any reason why
moral considerations should be granted
besides some vague intuition is I'm the
idea that like well of course it's alive
because it's a big
but you haven't really established any
reason why we should give moral
consideration to that group of cells any
of the same as a tumor being pulled out
of somebody versus a 22 week old fetus
it doesn't have a conscious experience
the fetus has now left the body is no
longer a fetus is is a prematurely born
neonate and you're saying because that
infant exited the body of this person
that she now has like possession over
that premature infant as a thing and
like no node possession of a human being
is just messed up yeah I mean again yeah
I understand we can move on but again
like we've we've engaged us so much
Peggy the question like you're
constantly sitting like how can you have
possession of a human being well I'm not
saying it's evening okay but the baby is
come out of it but I'm not saying it's a
baby okay but like that's a person I'm
not saying it's a person like you
constantly peg the question with your
phrasing you're not really engaged I
guess I came into this discussion
assuming that you wouldn't condone and
fantasize that we were only talking
about a right to abortion you know of a
killing taking place within the uterus I
thought that's what we were argue about
and it has it has turned out that your
position why would those be on I don't
think a person's like whether another
give more consideration is determined by
geographic location I wouldn't say you
could kill a person in a uterus I mean I
don't think you should be able to abort
something at seven or eight month at Sur
that's a ridiculous proposition so
somebody becomes a human only once
they're born like the passage through
somebody's stomach or well vagina makes
me that's it's current law weight you
can have late late term abortions are
legal in all parts of the United States
I was not aware of that I'm almost
positive that's not true but I don't yes
so doctors who will do them are few and
far between it's not like there's one in
all 50 states but under the Supreme
Court precedent you don't have person
you know you don't have the right to
life as a person under the Constitution
okay III don't know if that's true no
but yeah go ahead I'm sorry but my only
point is a
we haven't really established why these
things should be granted personhood but
that was my only point that's all stuff
I just wanted to give Stephen and she
has to respond and then I will get to
these last questions really quick at
this all right so next up awesome
brawler says hello bun L wanna chat
tomorrow does that must be somebody you
know is am i pronouncing it right is it
but not one l yeah it's just another
meme guy yeah and ehm thanks for your
question they said for destiny why is he
not willing to debate abortion with Raj
Patel that's not another that Donna dumb
memes give him he's just people question
oh okay that was actually a question for
somebody else in the chat sorry about
that
so with that one say thank you so much
to our speakers who are linked in the
description so if you have enjoyed this
if you're like oh man I really want to
hear more actually I would encourage you
go check out their links so that you can
hear more of their content read more of
their content and maybe subscribe for
emails for videos whatever you like so
thanks so much to our speakers for being
here hopping in the hot seat and me my
pleasure
yeah you've met and so with that want to
say also thanks everybody for your
questions really interesting questions
as well as thanks for your super shots
as mentioned hundreds that week only to
save the children and also excited that
tomorrow Kent Hovind will be on debating
with mr. Archaeopteryx is alias as that
would be a big event so thanks for
coming by everybody if you enjoyed this
video feel free to give it a like or
glad to out of here and keep sitting
over reasonable from the unreasonable
take care
hi thanks for having me thank you guys
for coming on sorry I'm having a little
bit of audio yeah no problem
alright I'm gonna hop off I got it thank
you guys so much for coming on totally
appreciate it let me know if there's any
way that I could help you you guys I
just really appreciate that you're
willing to
here's another a lot of places to debate
yeah I'm so sorry were you still saying
you know there's any anything else
yeah thanks having me I'll see you guys
later Purcell Jesus Christ
okay let's try it we'll try like just
one like razor simple example okay sure
go for it okay so we'll keep talking
about like climate change
