what am i I have a secret daughter I'm a
socialist I am a communist the socialist
communist like I said the same thing to
most people Pro pedophile Pro child porn
Pro I think I have a secret daughter
that I rape also or maybe I don't rape
her anymore and that's why the mom took
her oh I feel like you can tell like all
my old stories again because now I have
like new viewers for my YouTube thing
that aren't my stream viewers when I got
into so a lot of people have a lot of
misconceptions for I got into like
internet debating or whatever so I am
NOT an activist and I don't care to
further causes these are not things well
let me go back okay let me be more clear
when I speak this as part of my online
platform I am NOT an activist and as
part of my debate platform I don't care
to further causes I don't have a
political agenda now there are some
people on the right or there soon that
will never agree with us which is fine I
could give a [ __ ] less about them I
couldn't give a [ __ ] less about them
early on my goal was just that I thought
that there were issues that were very
complicated and it was interesting to
try to find like what is like the what
is like the real truthful arguments in
these issues you know these immigration
good or bad for the country this is a
very complicated and interesting issue
to me because it impacts all of us and
there are a lot of good arguments on
both sides you know as veganism right or
wrong is you know is incest and moral
wrong is is like the health care should
that be a public good or should health
care be privatized completely these are
all like really interesting questions
you can talk at length about and there
are arguments on both sides of them when
I got into debating like two years ago
my goal was just to like explore those
arguments because it's really fun for me
and I saw that online there were a lot
of people that claimed to have good
arguments that were making very bad
arguments most of the people that are
centrist so people like roaming
millennial people like Blair white
people like Lauren southern are are in
in my opinion very dumb in the way that
they approach their arguments their
arguments are very base level Dave Rubin
is a great example of this where it kind
of sounds like if you were a high
schooler and you presented them with a
topic this would be like babbies first
steps into explaining this topic right
so for Dave Rubin you know like oh every
speech should be free because know
everything you should be free and there
was no I was like okay well what about
if you use freeze
speech and you emboldened people that
hate other people and try to kill people
because of that free speech and Dave
reams like oh no the marketplace of
ideas like okay well you need to have a
response to that like that because that
will happen now that doesn't
automatically kill free speech right you
can still say I believe in freedom of
speech even if it does lead to some
people getting harmed that's a trade-off
that you make that's still an argument
you can make but the fact that Dave
Rubin doesn't have anything beyond like
the most surface basic [ __ ] levels of
arguments for any of its beliefs and I
see this happen with person after person
after person after person right so I'm
like okay cool I want to get into the
debating thing so when I originally
thought envision to this like two years
ago I thought that every debate would be
like okay we're gonna debate on
immigration
all right well David Carr did his
landmark Mariel boatlift study and he
says that even if a ton of immigrants
come to an area like Miami it doesn't
really have the impact on price that we
thought it would we see things like
minimum wage which are artificial price
floors that are supposed to have
detrimental impacts on wages not have
that impact what is your argument in
favorite way and I thought that the
arguments would all be going like back
and forth and back and forth like well
you know immigration could do this and
this and this and blah blah blah
etc etc etc but what actually happened
was I realized that every single person
on YouTube that is into politics like
can't read basic data or charts and has
no desire to understand any issue more
complicated past than like the very
surface level thing and so like when
people talk to me in real life and
sometimes I meet people and they find
out what I do and they're like oh cool
like do you have a debate that you would
recommend watching I have nothing like I
can't really say like oh well in this
debate I explored some really cool ideas
with this person because most my debates
are just massive [ __ ] shows where the
other person doesn't know how to read
like you know basic graphs and yeah that
was like really disappointing to me
that's like part of the reason that I
kind of stepped out of the debate fail
because I felt like I and like there's
like so many examples of this like my
favorite is um the last person I talked
to him real life about this was um was I
was even Sargon like people's inability
to understand maybe it's just
conservatives it's probably not I'm sure
that left-leaning people have trouble
with this as well but like when you see
a chart like this for a Sargon right
those are the classic Sargon name and
you see that like married black people
make on average it was like 45,000
annual Rite and single black people on
average make like $25,000 annual rite
that Sargon can see a chart like this
I'm sorry one can say okay well of these
people just get married they'll become
these people and like he was fully
convinced of this but that's not how
that's not how data works does no any of
these charts work you can't there is no
causal link that's implied by just these
two numbers you need so much more data
in order to actually be able to make
that statement and you can think of we
can hypothesize a million other
scenarios in which case in which these
two worlds happen but but you can't like
become this to this
does that make sense and I'd like I
can't think of like a million different
examples for instance people that own
what is it is like is it like there's
some black card like that like if you
own it you're like it's because you're
super rich like owning the black car
only rich people own this particular
credit card but you don't become rich by
owning that credit card right or I could
say that people that max out their Roth
IRA contributions are much more likely
to be wealthy than people that don't max
out the Roth IRA contributions but that
doesn't mean if you make fifteen
thousand a year that if you just start
maximizing your your Roth IRA countries
you're gonna be rich of course not it's
more that maxing out to max out your
Roth IRA contribution it's like a
precondition that you already have to be
pretty wealthy to do it right and you
can actually see this with things like
marriage where we're generally the
people that get married are generally
people that are already wealthy right
like um like marriage costs money you
gotta get the marriage license sometimes
you gotta have a big procession or
whatever if that's your thing like a lot
of people don't want to get married
until they're making more money like and
you know I won't dive in all this now
but like there's a ton of information on
there that that kind of points to the
fact that being wealthy is more like a
like a condition and then getting
married is actually the symptom and
that's just like one of like a million
different [ __ ] things and the problem
that I ran into so many times when I
would start debating these people is
that as soon as I start talking I
realized that I have so much ground that
I would need to cover to to bring them
over to my side that it's like not worth
it for instance like when I'm talking to
count dank EULA and Count Ankiel is like
the left is more violent than the right
and I'm like okay well why do you think
that and he's like uh I think I was I
why do you think that you know I've got
this source here that says that there's
actually more extreme forms of right
terrorism in the US and it left and he's
like oh well that source is bias it's
like okay sure
well let's say that this source is bias
what's your evidence in goes well I've
watched youtube videos and I'm like okay
that it's you can't do that
and he's like no no you don't understand
I've watched hundreds of YouTube videos
and it's like that's that's not how that
works at all like I can't even be like I
can't even believe that you're unyk Lee
saying this to me right now
like I actually want to kill myself like
listening to you on air like not only on
ironically presenting this as an
argument but then like smugly laughing
about it as well it's like dude like
YouTube as a site firstly do you know if
equal amounts of violence are posted
from the left and right on YouTube maybe
there's a higher probability that right
leaning or left leaning violence could
post it on YouTube but firstly secondly
do you know how the algorithm recommends
you videos maybe there's a higher chance
that people are um maybe there's a
higher chance that YouTube is
recommending you certain videos thirdly
are you being biased at all
maybe there's a higher chance that you
click on videos that have right-leaning
or left-leaning violence as opposed
greater violence fourthly maybe people
are more likely to record right there's
like a million different reasons we
could we could probably spend it right
now like listing 15 different ways that
that way of collecting data is wrong and
none of this is like really high level
stuff none of this is like you know I
went to college and I'm a grad student
studying data collection like it's not
really at all like high levels like I
learned all this stuff in high school I
don't think I'm exceptionally smart for
knowing any of this like it's pretty
basic stuff if you're really being
honest with yourself oh yeah the gun
argument when I got into that argument
with the guy oh god with that bald idea
that came on to defend gun to defend gun
[ __ ] in Australia and the guy was like
well look at Port Arthur okay after Port
Arthur they made fully automatic assault
or they made like assault rifles illegal
guess what if you look at the deaths in
Australia to gun violence they remain
the same and I was like okay and I had
never seen this data before so sometimes
people ambush you with data that's
totally fine that that's cool people
give me a new data I can I could reform
my opinion or something and I've gone
back and forth on whether or not that
Port Arthur gun ban was good or bad for
Australia and I still go back and forth
on it right now and in that it was
probably a good thing but I could be
swayed either side so I start looking up
the numbers and I'm like wait a second
you said that the numbers remain
constant and he was like yeah
the number of deaths per year in
Australia have have remained constant
and I'm like okay but the population in
Australia is like doubled over the past
like 20 years and then he on ironically
says to me oh you want to make the per
capita argument what how do I respond to
that
what am I supposed to say when somebody
says it to me an ironic lis you want to
make the per capita like how do what am
I like do we have to go back and spend
like 20 hours like having like very very
basic conversations I'm like how data or
numbers or stats work like you know I
don't know I don't know what I'm
supposed to do there you know like
that's and I run into this and debate
after debate after debate after debate
we're like people will say something and
it's just like dude you're not even like
I can't even believe you're we're having
this conversation right now why are you
here
tell the Lauren southern one the Lauren
southern debate was the debate that I
prepared the hardest for god she said so
many [ __ ] stupid things
she opened our debate off with it with
with a I guess she did some research on
me with the Starcraft 2 story and she's
like ok I'm gonna give you a Starcraft
example on what immigration is bad and
I'm like ok sure let's do it and she's
like well imagine you have a base and
you've got 15 SUVs mining and I'm like
ok sure and she's like well what if we
brought in like 20 SUVs more to mine
like now you don't have enough work for
all of your SUVs and that's really bad
and I'm like ok well this is kind of
like the perfect analogy I'm glad that
you brought this up because if I wanted
to expand my base um Starcraft or expand
my economy in real life I would have to
increase my resource of labor my supply
of labor or build more SUVs to do it so
yeah 20 more SUVs came in I would
probably build another base and in
StarCraft this is exactly what you did
we uh I actually read her whole shitty
[ __ ] book and I think she really
wrote it too I don't think that book was
ghostwritten she really wrote that
because they're like phrases in there
where it's like cuck professors I read
her whole book and I actually read
actual economic literature which was so
insanely [ __ ] dry and boring to me
but I did it to prepare for this debate
and we had like a two-hour debate and
the first like 20 minutes after going
into the economic argument she
robson she's like okay well hold on
economics is really only a really small
part of my book I just want to talk
about culture and I'm like I just spent
like my whole prep time going into the
economics because I cuz I wanted to bake
numbers and now you're just gonna give
me your [ __ ] feels II that you're
scared of [ __ ] brown people like how
holy [ __ ] how bored can I be here like
ah and then her thing I'm like and then
I have to try to tell her like you know
that like sometimes some data can be
worse than no data right like data
collection is very important like it's
really hard to collect good data and
she's like because she's like while I
was on the ground in Malmo and Sweden
where I was like okay you think that all
the sweetness structurally yeah I went
there and I saw betting it's like you
know that like your one experience in
one part of one city in three days can't
be extrapolated to the entire country of
Sweden right and then she on ironically
uttered the phrase well data is just the
plural of anecdote oh [ __ ] I hate these
people dude yeah anyway like I [ __ ] dude
[ __ ] me these debates were miserable
nothing good there were no good debates
that happened at all all of them were
over like just the dumbest [ __ ] [ __ ]
who is that Joe PAGs guy that's like
well I'd rather I'd rather you know I'd
rather come up against somebody with a
gun than at night cuz a knife is more
scary and it's like it's like dude are
you you were [ __ ] military they don't
go to the Middle East with knives you
dumb [ __ ]
they don't arm you with a massive
[ __ ] machete and tell you to go kill
some [ __ ] Taliban why would you even
say this you know [ __ ] standard-issue
military [ __ ] your sidearm is like a
three inch knife switchblade and your
main arm is like a dried machete they
give you [ __ ] assault rifle they give
you em fours and they give um nine
Berettas right like or I think they
replaced the Beretta now but like
they're not giving you [ __ ] knives oh
why are you making it we both know that
you're full of [ __ ] oh why are you doing
this to me why are you making this [ __ ]
up expecting me to believe it when we
both know that you don't even believe
this ah [ __ ] me I hated all these
arguments dude what did this guy say
hold on
[Music]
since we are telling stories that
YouTube has never heard how about
regaling us with the tulips even the
atheist no I'm good on that one you
showed the world how stupid these people
were they were actually important
changing many minds yeah maybe but again
and I know this is hard for some of you
to accept because I think a lot of you
have built up a version of me in your
mind that's actually so much different
than who I really am
my main concern was never political
rhetoric my main concern was never I'm
gonna bring everybody over to my side
because if it was I would my argument to
be far different reppin that my rhetoric
would change so much right we would be
telling narrative based arguments and
and even some fallacious appeals in
order to bring people to my side I just
wanted to go after the arguments
themselves that was interesting if I
could pull people over using you know
like well this is a rational argument
you know abcdefg premises and then
here's our conclusions like that would
be cool like I would enjoy that I don't
enjoy like political rhetoric as much
that's just like um like well let's talk
about minimum wage well let me tell you
a story about my friend Franco who a
minimum wage saved his life right that
would be a far more effective way of
bringing people over to my side that's
just not as entertaining to me I don't
and maybe I'm selfish or an [ __ ] for
thinking that but like that's just not
yeah I don't know
[Music]
white debates would you say were the
better more interesting ones Japanese
katana is the greatest weapon ever
created by man I don't know it really
depends on what you call interesting
if your goal was really high-level
debates all the time I'm kind of
disappointed about these Ali's paper to
give it to you will be the thing was
that like these were the most popular
people on YouTube so for some reason I
assume that like maybe these people and
so like I don't know just the idea that
somebody could be as big as Sargon but
also be a stupidest Sargon it was it
just never settled right in my head or
like dick Masterson he he came away from
that debate it was so funny watching
dick getting blown the [ __ ] out on the
PKA podcast where those guys were like
because he was trying they were like you
went on and you actually do we have a
link of that does anybody have like that
clip I would actually love yours watch
it again and [ __ ] jerk myself off of
right where they're like you went on a
debate of the destiny and he was like
yeah you know I kind of didn't it was
kind of whatever and then I think it was
woody was like you got blown the [ __ ]
out there didn't you like it was pretty
bad wasn't it oh man yeah dick was one
of my fate like a lot of the big problem
with somebody these [ __ ]
conservatives is that they like they
live in like this fantasy land and uh
it's insane to me how how you have a
conversation with somebody that's like
completely non factual it's like like
even about myself it's gotten to the
point to where make people make up so
many things about me where I'm like I'm
pro pedophile what am i I have a secret
daughter I'm a socialist I am a
communist socialist communist I guess
say the same thing to most people Pro
pedophile Pro child porn Pro I think I
have a secret daughter that I rape also
or maybe I don't rape her anymore that's
why the mom took her what else is there
I don't even know there's like there's
so many Pro incest and when you say
