in what I think is a hilarious but also
correct turn of events Roseanne bars
reboot of her sitcom Roseanne has been
canceled by ABC just hours after she
tweeted just a horribly racist string of
messages Roseanne posted a comment
yesterday it feels like it's a week ago
because of how much has happened but
yesterday Roseanne posted a comment
about former Obama advisor Valerie
Valerie Jarrett on Twitter saying Muslim
Brotherhood and Planet of the Apes had a
baby equals VJ meaning Valerie Jarrett
in response to another Twitter comment
about Valerie Jarrett and of course
Valerie Jarrett happens to be black and
Roseanne references monkeys and as usual
her defenders say it's not racist monkey
isn't racist Planet of the Apes isn't
racist it's merely a coincidence that
Valerie Valerie Jarrett is black and
historically there is significant sort
of racist institutional history of
equating black people to monkeys but
it's a mere coincidence and of course
why are the people that are insulted as
monkeys very often black are they saying
it is literally the mere coincidence I'm
sarcastically referencing and Roseanne
later deleted the tweet but it was too
late just hours later ABC cancelled
Roseanne's show they put out a statement
which said in part that quote Rosen's
Twitter statement is abhorrent repugnant
and inconsistent with our values and we
have decided to cancel her show Roseanne
also later apologizing on Twitter saying
I apologized to Valerie Jarrett and to
all Americans I am truly sorry for
making a bad joke about her politics and
her looks I should have known better
forgive me my joke was in bad taste that
was the one of the first apologies later
she said she was tweeting on the sleep
medication ambien saying it was 2:00 in
the morning and I was ambien tweeting it
was Memorial Day too
I don't know how Memorial Day brings out
racist statement when you are on ambien
or what the connection a connection is
and of course obviously my question was
did AM B is she saying ambien made her
racist I mean I've taken ambien
when I'm traveling to try to adjust very
difficult to fall asleep with the jetlag
when you go to Europe for example I
didn't all of a sudden think black
people were monkeys nor nor did it occur
to me to start tweeting about it and it
is just fascinating for a few reasons
first of all and I'll get to I know that
people are aware that she has blocked me
because of my comments we'll get to that
in a second Roseanne's reboot made her
like a darling of the right
it was rebooted it initially got great
ratings Trump called roseanne to
congratulate her the right hail that is
finally a show just for sort of regular
traditional people despite the fact that
Roseanne is super rich and part Jewish
not the sort of down-home whatever she's
made out to be a good old gal or
whatever let's put that aside and this
has completely imploded in their faces
and I tweeted her about this I've
actually exchanged direct messages and
tweets with Roseanne before I tweeted to
Roseanne after the ambien thing which
we'll put up on the screen for you oh
man this is just the best Roseanne is
now defending her tweets by saying
ambien made her racist and Roseanne
almost immediately responding to me
saying no I didn't I blamed myself
stop lying yes I have had odd ambien
experiences on tweeting late at night
like many other people do I blame myself
okay it's just an explanation not an
excuse okay bully and then when I went
to respond she had sadly blocked me
Roseanne I don't even know where to
start with this right I mean politically
this is a woman who's off her rocker
right she has called Chelsea Clinton
Chelsea Soros Clinton she said George
Soros is trying to overthrow the US
government and she said that the CIA is
funding some kind of mind-control thing
all of this really really crazy stuff
but what I don't really understand here
is if you're not blaming ambien why do
you mention ambien and if the ambien had
a role to play did the ambien make you
think racist things that you wouldn't
normally
we think or did the ambien merely lower
your inhibitions to the point where you
were willing to tweet the racist things
that you always think it's like when Mel
Gibson was pulled over that time and he
was immediately going on unprovoked
anti-semitic rants and he said the
problem was that he was drunk and of
course the question is is he saying
alcohol makes you anti-semitic or it
merely makes you willing to say the
anti-semitic things that you always
think for what it's worth the
manufacturer of ambien has put out a
statement saying that racism is not a
known side effect of ambien so so we've
heard that and I you know I don't know
is there more to say pat about my
exchange with her or is that it is that
basically all we need to say well it's
interesting that she says that you're a
bully hours after calling Valerie
Jarrett a mix between the Planet of the
Apes and the Muslim Brotherhood I mean
can't really make that argument in that
case yeah I don't really have a
reputation for bullying people but okay
that's what she chose to say to me let's
talk about sort of the firing and the
implications here I want to put up an
assessment that is 100% a similar to
mine and it's from another none other
than Dave Rubin who at one point was
using Roseanne's studio for his show
Dave Rubin tweeted yesterday Roseanne
exercised her free speech and ABC
decided to end their free association
now it's on you to either support her or
not boycott ABC or not or share your own
opinion as a free person or not once
again freedom is messy but it's better
than the alternative
and I agree in a sense it's not about
free speech at all and that there's no
question or concern at all about free
speech or censorship here right Rosen
said outrageous things and her employer
fired her period she doesn't need the
money she's worth like 80 million
dollars and my only real concern is that
she has really messed things up for the
entire production staff at ABC right the
people running the cameras the people
doing the tech work they don't have 80
million dollars like Rosanna do they
lose their jobs now because of Rosen's
racist tweet hopefully some of those
employees are part of a union and maybe
our guaranteed money for the first
season or whatever no matter whether the
show is canceled or not
hopefully I I don't really know the
answer to that
and of course Donald Trump I don't even
know that we're not gonna put it up on
the screen to trump did say something
about how he never received a call from
Bob Iger from ABC when ABC criticized
him but Bob Iger called Valerie Jarrett
or something like that the only
surprising thing about any of this is
that anybody was surprised by it because
of Roseanne's very very long history of
tweeting bizarre and depraved conspiracy
theories and generally just insulting
things but I think it was a big win in
the battle of ideas Pat I mean listen
everybody got to say what they wanted to
say a corporation was able to make the
business decision that they felt was
right for them government didn't
interfere period right I mean a major
win in the battle of the free exchange
of ideas yeah everything worked out okay
I guess I'm just surprised ABC decided
to have her back on to reboot the sitcom
knowing that Roseanne has a history of
doing this saying racist things on
Twitter she actually made a very similar
remark about Susan Rice another former
Obama official and another black woman
comparing hurts who will monkey as well
yes so you know they could have
preempted some of this at least it's
like it's not like this is a new thing
for Mose Ann that's why I'm not going
around patting ABC on the back saying
wow they've they've just done this
amazing thing they made a business
decision it is a that is exactly what it
is if this were good for business if
people weren't outraged but they said
you know what it's so great that
someone's finally out there saying that
valerie jarrett is like a monkey in some
way they wouldn't have fired her right
they would have said hey Roseanne said
what she wanted to say on her Twitter we
employ her to produce the Roseanne show
or act in the Roseanne show whatever
this is merely all about optics and
you're right Pat which is that this is
not shocking this is another one in a
long history of these types of comments
from Roseanne so I think that the the
decision made by ABC was the right one
although they made it for business
decisions not from not for business
reasons not for moral or ethical reasons
and that's completely something that
they can do send me your thoughts about
the entire Roseanne thing I'm on Twitter
at D Pakman and the show is on Twitter
at David Pakman show things are starting
to get really bad for Donald Trump jr.
the FBI now has secret wiretaps
Spanish police of a conversation between
Alexander tortion who's an official of
Russia's central bank who we've
discussed before because he was part of
that story involving Russia funneling
money through the NRA to the Trump
campaign and these wiretaps that the FBI
has reportedly led to a meeting between
Donald Trump jr. and Alexander tortion
oh lordy there are tapes at least some
of them and Jose Grenda who has been
investigating Spanish organized crime
for a very long time was asked about
whether there's concern that tortion had
meetings with Donald Trump jr. and
Grenda said quote mr. Trump's son should
be concerned and this is now starting to
get beyond anything we could call
innocent coincidences the lead Russian
guy who was revealed by the McClatchy
investigation which we interviewed
vivica Nova Novack about as being a
primary player in the funneling of
Russian funds to the Trump campaign
through the NRA which of course would be
against the law met with Donald Trump
jr. and there are wiretaps related to
that meeting that tortion had with Trump
jr.
so let's go through it layer by layer
number one the fact that the FBI has
these wiretaps implies tortion is of
interest to the FBI which means that any
combination of the meeting with Trump
jr. to the funneling of money through
the NRA might now be part of Robert
Moeller's investigation number two
Spain is now involved with this and is
cooperating with the FBI that's another
indication as to the size and scope of
this entire thing number three the idea
that this entire Muller investigation is
almost over who believes that when Spain
just entered the proceedings over the
last couple of months very difficult to
believe
and then lastly how far have the goal
posts moved right at some point and it
seems like ancient history at this point
the Trump campaign said no one in the
campaign had any contact with Russians
it seems hilarious to even think back to
that at this point Jeff Sessions said it
and Donald Trump said it and everybody
said it
who's even talking about that is the
standard anymore the discussion now is
what of the contact was criminal if any
was there obstruction to try to hide
that contact we never met with Russians
became there were meanings but they
weren't about anything - there were
meetings about helping our campaign but
they never actually did end up helping
the campaign and now it's becoming hey
listen there was all sorts of stuff
going on but none of it was actually
against the law
and if it was Hillary would have done
the exact same thing anyway or she
already did and then the last point I
want to make about this is Jose Grenda
the Spanish investigator saying that
Trump jr. should be concerned
Jose Grenda has been a major
investigator in Spain of organized crime
he's not a guy that you want to mess
with he's made his career investigating
organized crime and corruption in Spain
he's saying merely on the basis of what
he has found that Donald Trump jr.
should be worried the response from
trumpets they always have one here it is
deep state right I mean deep state if
ever there was proof that there was an
international conspiracy to take down
Donald Trump over nothing more than a
witch-hunt it's that now even the
Spanish are involved so obviously it's a
deep state conspiracy that we need to
expose here stunning that this is going
on and this isn't even the only story
from the weekend like this we also
learned during our long weekend that
days before his inauguration in January
of 2017
Donald Trump's personal lawyer well days
before Trump's inauguration Trump's
personal lawyer Michael Cohen met with
another Russian at Trump Tower so that's
gonna have to be a story for another day
maybe but I think what's clear is that
this was supposed to be over by last
Thanksgiving if you believe these people
clearly it's not going to be over
anytime soon I've been really struggling
with whether or not I should be calling
this story Trump cocked by Korean
leaders because we've talked about how
use of the term by us is obviously
completely satirical it's making a joke
out of how the right uses the word but
it still arguably might be better
not to use the word even as a joke right
because it's mere use could suggest that
it has a legitimate place in political
vocabulary and and I don't think that it
does so I've said it once and we'll
simply say from now on that Trump has
been yet again embarrassed by his total
failure on the North Korean summit last
week we learned totally not surprisingly
that the Trump North Korea summit was
canceled and it was canceled as it was
becoming more and more clear that it
just wasn't going to go the way that
Donald Trump wanted and of course any
fool would have known that months ago
and then over the long weekend we
learned that it's possible that the
summit might be back on but if it is it
would be the result at least partially
of a kim jeong-hoon moon jae-in North
South Korean respective leaders surprise
summit the second one between the North
and South Korean leaders and very
clearly if there is going to be any real
sort of substantive advancement with the
North Korea situation it's moon jae-in
who has been doing the real work here
and we don't know the full
subject-matter of the talks that they
had yet but what we do know is that one
of the topics was reinstating the summit
which with Donald Trump which Trump
canceled last week and the White House
did confirm according to Sarah Huckabee
Sanders that the summit might be back on
and yet again moon jae-in a professional
diplomat who would be responsible in
great part for the summit being back on
Donald Trump tweeting we are having very
productive talks with North Korea about
reinstating the summit which if it does
happen will likely remain in Singapore
on the same date June 12th and if
necessary will be extended beyond that
date do you think that Trump realizes
that the dynamic is that he's the sort
of childish buffoon who understands
nothing and just digs this hole and then
in comes moon jae-in as the adult in the
room to clean up Trump's mess and people
are taking this totally cartoonish and
bogus sort of point of view about Trump
getting a Nobel Peace Prize if this
happens
if this happens it will be despite Trump
not because of him and if anybody here
would get a medal of any kind wouldn't
it obviously be the South Korean
president moon J and I actually read
online one of the funniest sort of post
hoc rationalizations of why Trump really
is the hero here and the argument I'm
you'll have to excuse that I'm not able
to super eloquently summarize some of
these trumpets right arguments but the
argument as I understood it was Trump
canceled the original summit
specifically to allow for the second
secret summit and moon jae-in coming in
and sort of playing the good cop to then
set kim jeong-hoon
up to go to the rescheduled summit with
trump more ready to negotiate or
something like that like it's a
completely impossible to disprove
hypothesis and and all along that sort
of been the case right the idea that
trumps tweets are really what put this
thing in motion
if you believe that there's really no
conversation for us to have watching Fox
and Friends and tweeting is the real
hard work of the North Korea summit and
moon jae-in is the guy who's the puppet
or the placeholder I mean we're just not
going to be able to have any really
substantive conversations with people
who believe that but a very slight sort
of reframing exposes this as Trump the
great negotiator sitting at home
canceling the talks while moon jae-in
actually gets things done and I think
that that's that's the most accurate
point of view here and this actually
carries some risk the the entire
exclusion of Trump if indeed Trump is
going to be excluded and moon jae-in
making progress with Kim jong-un
actually carries a lot of political risk
because we know Trump right and on
principle alone I can imagine a
situation where the North and the South
negotiate something they come to some
kind of agreement right and Trump says
he's not going to support it he's not
going to be part of it the United States
is not going to be part of it because
Trump wasn't part of the negotiation and
his ego and his narcissism would no
doubt make it possible that he would do
that so I actually think that the the
best path forward is
we all know that moon jaein is doing the
work here we all know that it will be
American in South Korean career
diplomats who were doing the work here
it might be a good idea to keep Trump
involved at least on paper to placate
him and make him believe that he did a
big boy and that he's going to get a
reward because I think otherwise there's
a good chance that he says I I'd listen
I wasn't involved in this
maybe we're not gonna be part of this
thing whatsoever yeah well I think moon
jae-in has been doing an excellent job
because he'll occasionally credit Donald
Trump he complements them he can't
really it's just a way to keep Trump out
of it that way he doesn't have to send
out those little rocket man tweets
anymore and moon jae-in and Kim Jong
moon can actually get some progress done
yeah I when I see moon jae-in talk about
you know any anything positive about
Trump's involvement in this it seems
like it is sort of that placating of
Trump that I'm suggesting is somewhat of
a good idea so we'll see what ultimately
happens I guess maybe the summit is back
on possibly we don't really know at this
point but maybe by tomorrow at this time
we will Fox News host Shepard Smith
completely dismantled Donald Trump's spy
gate lies yesterday and this Friday on
audience questions we're gonna cover
what would it take for Fox News to turn
on Donald Trump and when we say that we
mean aside from the occasional voices of
reason of Shep Smith less frequently
Chris Wallace and one time I was it just
one time Neil Cavuto I think it was one
time that Neil Cavuto said something
that made sense
one thing that Shep Smith has been doing
