welcoming back to the program today John
guandolo who's a former Marine and FBI
agent who now runs the organization
understanding the threat strategic
operational training and Consulting on
the threat of the global Islamic
movement John it's great to have you
back not only because the FBI has become
such a topic of of newsworthiness over
the last few years but also just because
it's great to follow up with with folks
we've interviewed we had you on back in
2013 and at the time you talked to us
about how you believe that then CIA
director nominee John Brennan had been
recruited by Saudi Arabia and converted
to Islam now that he has come and gone
do you still stand by that do you
believe John Brennan was secretly or is
secretly a Muslim
well we know uh as a matter of fact from
my own sources who were in Saudi Arabia
when John Brennan was a station chief
that he said the shahada and the
presence of Saudi officials including
mabaheth Saudi intelligence officials we
now have retired station Chief from the
CIA Brad Johnson who has now come out
publicly and said it was well known and
is well known in the CIA that John
Brennan converted to Islam and he had
heard that for many people who had
Direct knowledge and heard things direct
from uh from Mr Brennan so I don't think
that that is a a question
anymore although some people would try
to make it so so yes obviously stand by
my comments why don't you think that
it's been reported in any sort of
investigative news Outlet or or
corporate Media or even really in much
Independent Media that that the the
former CIA director had inverted to
Islam but sort of kept that secret why
that seems like it would be a story that
would be uh for for the media Outlets
that make money from getting clicks and
so on wouldn't they want to publish such
an explosive story why wouldn't they
I would think so but I think there are
many uh what I would call explosive
stories that aren't being published
certainly not by what I would call I'm
going to use the term mainstream media
since I think many of your viewers will
know what I'm talking about but the
typical ABC NBC CBS MSNBC CNN uh Fox
News that they're not covering this
story but I would also say he was not
the only CIA station Chief in Saudi
Arabia that converted Islam now let me
ask you this John because I want to see
if we can Define some of those terms
like when you say so you said he he
recited it's the shahadas I hope I'm not
speaking incorrectly it's the shahada
that he recited correct yeah so like I
I'm putatively Jewish right if I go to I
don't know a Catholic church and get
baptized
Catholic might say David pakman is is
now Catholic but if I didn't really do
it in a serious manner if I don't
identify as Catholic doesn't really
matter that I was quote baptized right
like that wouldn't make me Catholic any
more than if I just right now recited
the shahada would so are you do you
agree with that or do you believe that
something
irreversible sort of happens when you
say a certain thing or or if I were
baptized
right well I think the premise your
question is not uh quite right so if you
uh first of all you would not be allowed
to be baptized in the example you gave
in a Catholic Church unless uh you had
gone through uh as an adult if you had
gone through a certain uh process that's
that's set up for you to be to begin
your initiation into the church so
um no you're not Catholic because the
process would would include baptism and
uh your your uh
confirmation and communion sure but then
the same thing applies I mean if I did
it and didn't really do it in a serious
way that that's what I feel in my heart
I'm just going through the motions am I
really Catholic
well so we can step away from talking
about Catholicism uh the answer is it's
not a the answer is actually uh you
don't get to do those things uh unless
you understand what you're doing uh in
full faith in Islam the law because
Islam is a totalitarian system governed
by Sharia a law uh yes if you publicly
say the shahada
um under the circumstances that the law
requires then you have accepted Islam
and have converted and that's all it
requires and if you read what Islam
teaches you are not required to
understand what the fullness of sharia
requires they only are required to tell
you enough so that you come into Islam
without uh and I would argue that many
people uh are not aware that leaving
Islam as a capital crime so they only
give you enough which is is exactly the
opposite of how for instance again
staying with your example Christianity
uh treats it that when you come into the
full communion of the church you know uh
you were taught the full body of what
the faith is in Islam uh they're not
required to tell you they tell you
enough to get you to say the shahada
they're thereby you are a Muslim and
once you're in you can't leave so let's
uh let's play it out now let's say
Brennan Brennan was a secret Muslim uh
what I observe take place under
Brennan's stewardship and under
President Obama were drone strikes and
bombing of multiple majority Muslim
countries uh significant military action
against Isis did Brennan as a secret
Muslim do anything as a result of being
Muslim in your estimation
well he certainly supported I mean we
could start with today and we're back
but I'll I'll bounce around to answer
your question I mean he supported the
U.S Muslim Brotherhood uh both uh
through the actions as the
counter-terrorism adviser to the
president and as the CIA director by not
only appearing at uh Muslim Brotherhood
functions and promoting them and
Advising the president to promote them
such as the Islamic Society of North
America and others
um he the the policies if we look at
what happened under President Obama if
you look at the leaders around the world
that
um were really the only leaders that
were putting the boot on the Muslim
Brotherhood uh Muammar Gaddafi in in
Syria Assad
um Mubarak in Egypt the Obama
Administration removed Mubarak had
Gaddafi killed and is trying to remove
Assad so that that should be noteworthy
I mean Muammar Gaddafi was killing more
Al Qaeda Fighters than anyone else on
the planet at the time so I think that
is the problematic because the who they
were targeting were those who were uh
um honestly enemies of the United States
in other words uh
Gaddafi Assad Mubarak and I'm not
defending those three individuals but
what they were doing were keeping the
global Islamic movement uh specifically
the Muslim Brotherhood at Bay and we
basically ripped those down and now we
see the results of that but as a seek I
guess I'm confused because as a secret
Muslim wouldn't Brennan's involvement in
uh an escalation of the droning of um of
Muslim individuals be something that
according to his own secret religion
Islam would send him to hell like how
why would he agree to participate in
that why would he further that policy
that we saw escalated under Obama
right well my first question to somebody
asking my first answer to somebody
asking that question is what Islamic law
have you read
and if you read Islamic law it's very
clear and when they're when you see
Muslims in conflict with other Muslims
it's always a
it's always about one of two issues uh
matters of sharia or power
and so if we're going to look at the
geopolitical relationships between Iran
Saudi Arabia Iraq uh other nations like
that what happened in Libya what's
happening in Syria you have to
understand Sharia and you have to
understand the power struggles and so
Sharia does provide uh for these things
and again it's going to be one of those
two things it's going to be matters of
sharia and matters of power and you've
got both going on right now in the
Middle East so if I'm understanding what
you're saying to kind of like tidy it up
uh anything that John Brennan did as a
secret Muslim CIA director that appears
to be
anti-muslim was actually in furthering
the interests of a power struggle in a
way that would be sanctioned by Sharia
law and would not condemn him to hell
uh if he were actually operating
according to Sharia now his loyalties
based on just if we just look at what we
can visibly see and and I want to be
clear you're using the phrase secret
Muslim secret society I'm I'm saying he
said the shahada he didn't seem to be
secretive about it uh he's never been
asked by the media directly about it
which is a little shocking since now
like I said six or seven months ago
you've got a retired very successful
station chief of the CIA and and others
but is it shocking though maybe that
maybe just no one because I remember
last time we talked you had said I think
it was your wife who speaks Arabic who
heard Transmissions about it but that I
think for a lot of so-called mainstream
media might not be sufficient evidence
to say that John Brennan converted to
Islam you know
well I that was not me that said that I
don't have a wife that speaks Arabic but
um I will say that uh when you have a
station chief of the CIA saying that it
was well known in the agency that he had
converted Islam I think that's a very
powerful statement and the fact that the
media ignores that I can't
subscribe to why they would do that yeah
it's weird all I'm saying is if you look
at Mr Brennan's actions he clearly
supports the Muslim Brotherhood the
president of the United States was
advised by Mr Brennan both as a CT
advisor and as the CIA director director
of Central Intelligence openly supported
the Muslim Brotherhood against a sitting
leader in in Egypt Mubarak who was
keeping the Muslim Brotherhood at Bay
and now after that Revolution that we
supported that overthrew Mubarak now
there was the counter-revolution and we
have a non-muslim Brotherhood government
we see the Muslim Brotherhood locked up
we see stability back in Egypt but the
point is yeah what we see is and what we
saw were Mr Brennan's actions were
pro-revolutionary uh and pro-supportive
of the Muslim Brotherhood so that's I
mean those are just facts on the table
that I would I can't imagine that
anybody could dispute it as well well
John in the limited time we have left uh
as a former FBI guy how do you assess
Robert Mueller's handling of the
trump-russia investigation
well since uh as of today there is no
evidence that uh the president United
States
um in any way
took actions with a foreign government
that affected U.S elections as a matter
of fact it's the opposite uh Mrs
Clinton's campaign uh definitely did as
a matter of fact they supported the fisa
application that went to a fisa court
which had information that was uh
objectively untrue and omitted
information that would have brought
significant question to that fisa
application that was submitted and by
the way hold up John I have to interrupt
though I have to interrupt
um isn't it true that there is
substantially more evidence to support
Trump Russia collusion than John Brennan
being a Muslim right I mean you've got
the Trump Tower meeting you've got the
indictments guilty please well like
what's your standard of evidence for
saying that it's obvious that John
Brennan's a secret Muslim but there's no
reason to even look into Trump Russia
collusion how do you come to that
conclusion
I didn't say there was no reason not to
look into it if there are real
accusations and real basis of fact right
now there is not one fact on the table
that Mr Trump uh worked with the
government of Russia which is the the
accusation in order to affect U.S
elections there is no evidence of that
that's not true if you believe his
attorney Michael Cohen he knew about and
went forward with a meeting with Russian
agents in Trump Tower specifically to
receive information from them meant to
be damaging to Hillary Clinton to
improve his chances of winning the
election now you might say it hasn't
been proven in court yet that's fine but
that's a specific allegation at this
time that's being investigated it's an
allegation that's unproven there is no
evidence on the table Mr Mueller himself
if you look at what he's put on the
table that are facts that we can grasp
onto that is not one of them that's on
the table well Mueller is running an
investigation his job is not to make
public all the evidence he has he's he's
running an investigation right you were
you were at the FBI you know that they
don't make the public aware of every
piece of evidence they have that would
be that wouldn't make any sense
of course not okay I agree with you
there but the fact is there is we do not
have evidence that Mr Trump colluded or
worked with and specifically worked with
a foreign government any foreign
government in order to affect the
elections when in fact there is a
substantial amount of evidence that Mrs
Clinton did among among other things
I mean the fact that she and and it
appears that the president United States
now with the evidence that is as an
investigator that we can't say for sure
but there is a lot of evidence that
points to the fact that Mr Clapper Mr
Brennan and the president himself knew
that that fisa application went in with
information that was knowingly false to
spy on U.S citizens including a
candidate for the president United
States which is in violation of federal
law
okay unfortunately we can't adjudicate
that right now but I do appreciate John
guandolo former Marine and FBI agent
giving our audience uh an update on
where he is on the Brennan Muslim issue
and also on the Trump Russia
investigation John appreciate you taking
the time to come back and talk to us
thank you and I appreciate your time to
speak with you thank you
