live stream it's been a while it's been
a while we are going to talk about the
retirement of Supreme Court Justice
Anthony Kennedy I will take questions we
will do a whole bunch of stuff I don't
even know when the last time I did a
live stream was I was doing I'm pretty
frequently for a while and then I don't
know just interest kind of waned I
thought and why do it if people aren't
interested but I'm back I'm back and
we're gonna do it we're gonna do the
thing so we will I'll get to people's
questions and we're we've got plenty of
time today plenty of time to discuss and
it's actually kind of a horrible day
politically I'll talk about the
implications of Anthony Kennedy and it's
bad I try to put a positive spin on
everything when possible it's hard to
put a positive spin on the Anthony
Kennedy retirement but we'll see if
maybe we can find something not
completely disastrous about it I don't
know if this is your first live stream
and for many of you it may be because
it's been a while since I've done live
streams number one these are really live
unlike the clips that we upload these
are actually live unless you're watching
this an archived video on a replay I
will take your questions the best way
we've toyed around with different ways
to take questions during these the the
normal chat goes by really quickly so I
will remind you that you can use super
chat to send questions or to make
comments I will read them I will answer
I will react to them also any new
members and patrons who sign up during
the live streams you get a shout out
from me I'll sing your praises I will
say great things about you they may not
be true but I will I will say them
anyway and please don't troll the live
chat okay we do have moderators obvious
trolling is gonna get you banned I will
do it the moderators will do it somebody
will do it
and number five become a sponsor and we
are part of the YouTube sponsorship beta
this will also make it so that when you
type in normal chats they will look
differently so
they would look different if I type a
test you see that David Pakman show
looks different in the chat YouTube
sponsors also are identified highlighted
in the regular chat
I see Lise Hamilton already asking very
negative questions the David Pakman show
lose subscribers no we didn't we've got
four hundred and seventy five thousand
now which is more than more than ever
before and very quickly going to five
hundred thousand okay so we will get the
questions I will get to all of that
stuff sooner than later but we've got to
start by talking about what's going on
with Justice Anthony Kennedy we got the
quite frankly very bad news today that
Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy is
going to be retiring and you know the
the the primary reason why this is bad
is because Donald Trump now gets to
choose a replacement and Anthony Kennedy
has been a moderate vote on the Supreme
Court Anthony Kennedy has voted in favor
of marriage equality he has been a voice
in favor of legal abortion and it is not
in any way overstating the impact of
Anthony Kennedy's retirement and
inevitable replacement with a truly
ideological hardcore right-wing
conservative justice that roe v-- wade
is now in question
gay rights could they be in question
well along the religious freedom lines
gay rights could be in question that
this is really really bad and it's
particularly upsetting to me because I
was getting messages from people on the
left during the 2016 election saying
David it doesn't matter whether it's
Trump or Hillary it makes no difference
whether it's Trump or Hillary because
they're both status quo elected official
types it doesn't make a difference one
way or the other who you vote for
and some people on the Left didn't vote
at all as a result some people on the
left
third party in states where the results
were not a guarantee and they insisted
Trump Hillary doesn't matter burn it all
down and now we have to deal with the
real consequences that by picking Neil
Gorsuch which by the way shouldn't even
have been a selection right I mean
Merrick garland should have been
confirmed this idea that in the last
year you just don't do anything if it's
under Obama you want to give people a
chance to vote it's ridiculous but they
did it and they won and now Donald Trump
gets to select a replacement for Anthony
Kennedy and this will have an impact
beyond Donald Trump's lifetime unless he
ends up living to 200 like that doctor
said he could if he just improved his
diet a little bit Hillary Clinton would
not be even considering replacing
Anthony Kennedy with somebody somebody
who might vote to overturn roe v-- wade
for somebody who might become or will
become a stalwart and steadfast right
wing voice on the Supreme Court so I'm
particularly sickened thinking back to
the Bernie ER Buster's who were
insisting that there simply is no point
in voting for Hillary or Trump that
they're both throwaway votes because
they are votes for the status quo could
not be further from the truth could not
be further from the truth and we are now
going to have to deal with that and it
is sickening and if anybody is not
sickened then you're not paying
attention because this is going to be a
win for corporations
we know that the Supreme Court
historically sides more often with
corporations than with individuals when
you have cases that involve corporate
power versus individual power that's
going to get worse we know that the
Supreme Court will often err on the side
of allowing bad things to be done to
individuals by corporations unless there
are very clear-cut cases where that
needs to be changed and that is going to
get even worse under whoever it is that
Donald Trump is select so this is a
disaster is there any silver lining is
there any way in which this is not as
bad as it could be I I don't know
I'm having trouble thinking of a way I'm
having trouble imagining how this could
possibly be worse because you are going
to have in Donald Trump a president who
is completely unqualified and lacks
knowledge even on the most basics of
economics trade geopolitics social
issues I mean really it's hard to think
of someone who knows less and he is now
going to get the opportunity to select a
second Supreme Court justice and Ruth
Bader Ginsburg would probably be the
next to retire and it may happen during
Donald Trump's first term I think that
it's possible Trump gets reelected we've
talked about that on the program
extensively very likely becomes
overwhelmingly likely that Trump would
get three or maybe even a fourth Supreme
Court pick if he is re-elected so what
we can count on is here's like
impossible sort of silver lining on this
maybe Trump's replacement of Anthony
Kennedy with a just vial right winger
will inspire people to vote them out in
November and I've been increasingly
concerned that in because of hyper
normalization initially when Trump was
elected you had interest very high from
the left the marches the activism
everything and because we're now used to
five scandals a week interest has sort
of slowly been waning and I am
extraordinarily worried that even though
Democrats have an opportunity to take
over the house in November have an
opportunity to take over the Senate in
November I am skeptical that it's going
to happen and by saying this what you
should read from it is not well let's
forget about November it's I've got to
make sure to vote I've got to make sure
to get people registered to vote that is
the one and only path forward and I just
can't even imagine it's hard to even
understand the magnitude particularly if
Donald Trump chooses someone who's
younger someone in their early 50s even
potentially somebody in their 40s to
replace
Anthony Kennedy you are talking about an
impact on our country that will last
potentially a generation or longer and I
people know that I am NOT one of these
I'm gonna move to Canada types first of
all I understand that it's really
difficult to move to Canada as much as
we might sometimes like to I have never
participated in the if exile moved to
Canada if Bush is reelected I'll move to
Canada or any of that stuff I've just
not done it but I would be lying if I
didn't tell you that over the last
several weeks I have started to have
real sort of thoughts about not I'm
gonna in protest move right I'm it
wouldn't be a protest thing but I start
thinking about we've got the sort of
suggestion from Trump of skipping the
Constitution when it comes to
undocumented immigrants we've got this
decidedly authoritarian move you've got
a guy who is deliberately seemingly
deliberately or at least recklessly
ruining relationships with longtime
American allies I have started to think
about well what would it be like if for
some period of time I moved somewhere
else my options basically are Argentina
and Israel right though those are my two
options I think I've told the story
before of how my family because my
family left Poland shortly before World
War two we would hypothetically be able
to get polish passports which confer EU
privileges but because the birth
certificate of my polish grandfather was
misplaced during World War two that's a
difficult thing it's actually a
conversation I'm having with people I'm
having a cut the conversation with
people in my life I'm having the
conversation with with friends and
family because that's actually how bad
it is getting and I know that there are
people in the audience also who are not
in the let's move to Canada thing who
are just genuinely horrified by what it
is that's going on and the Supreme Court
thing is going to be an absolute and
total disaster there is no other way
around it and I hate to break it to you
because since day one of
Trump administration I have been sort of
optimistic that now that people get it
now that people understand the magnitude
of these elections that support of
independent media has escalated and that
was true for a while after Trump's
election shows like mine and others that
are similar to mine that have presences
on YouTube and other social media we've
seen an increase in financial
contributors we've seen an increase in
traffic it's all just been going way way
up D monetization hit on YouTube
we had another massive wave massive
massive wave of supporters that came in
the rallies the activism it was
abundantly clear why this was a time to
be active and in April last month in May
our support has started to wane a little
bit a lot of those people that signed up
four year memberships in April and May
of 2017 have been choosing not to renew
them in May of 2018
I've spoken to other hosts that I'm sure
you know but because they didn't say you
can mention my name I'm not going to
mention their names other hosts are
seeing the same thing some of the
support that we gained early in the
Trump presidency has started to fade and
I believe that there is a hyper
normalization that's going on people get
accustomed to the fact that there are
scandals every day essentially every
week if not every day people are getting
accustomed to the authoritarian slide
and this is how authoritative really
takes hold which is not from one day to
the next with media attacks it's the
development of the term fake news
singling out individual media outlets
talking about requiring journalism
licenses whatever that would even mean
starting to talk about other ways to
suppress critical voices in media and
over time people become desensitized to
this concerted attack on a free press
which is one of the institutions of the
United States of America that actually
serves as a check and balance when it
works appropriately not when it's
co-opted by corporate interests against
government power
people are forgetting and I talked about
it earlier on in the program we've seen
our patreon numbers I'm sure you've
noticed trickling down we have seen what
was initially a big upswing and the
number of YouTube sponsors the level out
and start to trickle other shows are
experiencing it and we're gonna do
everything we can to be bigger than ever
but I am concerned about because what I
went when you don't see progressive
independent media supported that makes
me think that interest in voting in
November is also not going to be there
that makes me think that activating
against the Trump administration is
going to start waning so I'm concerned I
am I'm significantly concerned about
what is going on and I'm obviously I
hope that I'm wrong right I hope that
that this is some kind of temporary
thing I hope that it is just a brief
problem that shows like ours are
experiencing but everybody's saying the
exact same thing and that is
extraordinarily concerning to me let me
get to some of the super chats and
different things that are going on as a
reminder if this this is my first live
stream in a while if this is your first
live stream there really live unless
you're watching a replay if you have
questions for me I try to follow the the
chat but it is hard because it moves
pretty quickly
use super chat to send comments and ask
questions and I will get to them I will
get to them if you are so kind as to
sign up for a membership or make a
pledge on patreon while we are doing the
stream then I will give you a shout out
and sing your praises and that will be a
really good thing and please don't troll
the chat I'm saying that there is some
trolling going on there's a couple
people who have already been banned and
that that's just don't do it it's not
funny and it's not fun and it's sad that
people waste their time trolling and
lastly we are now part of the YouTube
sponsorship beta so that is something
else that you can do if you want to
support our work ok Steve Braun sent a
$5 super chat as you can see up there
asking what do you think about Acacio
being a democratic social the essay and
that the DSA identifies as
anti-capitalist well listen I am for
social democracy right I've been very
clear that I am NOT a socialist I
have no problem debunking failed talking
points about socialism but I've been
very clear that what I think is the best
system is one that allows for the
rewards of innovation and
entrepreneurship because I believe
incredibly strongly that
entrepreneurship is a driving force of
innovation in Western democracies but I
believe that in exchange for that system
and the ability to do entrepreneurship
and build successful businesses we need
to it is a moral imperative and it is an
economic imperative to have very
well-funded social safety nets so that's
where I come down I am I am in favor of
social democracy means you can build a
really big business and you can be very
successful if that's your thing but at
the same time if it's not regardless of
what job you choose to have regardless
even if you choose not to have a job we
should be providing health care we
should be ensuring that education is
strong so on and so forth okay so that
that's my view and I think it people by
and large know that that I am NOT a
socialist I don't really I'm not
concerned in any way that Alexandria
Ocasio courts has identifies as part of
DSA as a democratic socialist the truth
is that the United States is not at it
even remote risk of becoming a socialist
nation and to the extent that a
Democratic Socialist can lobby for
stronger social welfare programs and a
safety net I think it's absolutely
fantastic there is too much lack of
diversity Democrats and Republicans
exist within a pretty narrow scope in
the House and Senate yes you've got
Republicans increasingly extreme but you
have very few true progressive leftists
that our elected officials and I though
I'm not a democratic socialist myself I
am NOT concerned whatsoever I think it's
a great thing and I look forward to
seeing what if indeed she wins the
general election would Alexandria Acacio
Cortes does now my caveat is and I'm not
afraid to say this and she's welcome on
the program any time and we can talk
policy I have not been hugely impressed
by her ability to go deep on policy okay
so I know
that she has run on a number of
different she has a number of different
positions medicare-for-all abolishing
ice right so I've seen the list of
positions I've not been dramatically
impressed with her ability to go into
depth about lots of those issues and I
welcome the opportunity to be proven
wrong and she's welcome on my program
absolutely any time okay another super
chap that came in from Ninh Jack's ex
David give me your straight opinion how
bad is Justice Kennedy's announcement
what would that I opened the livestream
with that it's really bad
it's really bad and I can't think of how
to sugarcoat it but it is
extraordinarily bad the timing could not
be worse Donald Trump could end up with
three or maybe even four picks for the
Supreme Court by the time that it's all
said and done and it is absolutely
atrocious this is a guy who has been the
quote moderate vote and he has voted the
right way a number of times he voted the
right way on banning state-level bans on
same-sex marriage he has been a defender
of at least some access to abortion
services for women and what you will
basically see once Kennedy is replaced
with a lunatic religious right ideologue
what you're going to see is John Roberts
become the swing vote and that is the
stuff of nightmares I mean absolutely
totally stuff of nightmares another
super chat from sinister minister who
says the next American Civil War begins
with Trump yeah I saw a poll today which
said something along the lines of some
crazy percentage of the country
predicted civil war or even wanted it I
don't I don't remember exactly I
bookmarked it to look at for tomorrow it
was I'm not I'm not going to predict
Civil War but the country you know we
always hear the country is as divided as
ever this feels like a slightly
different type of division I'm not
saying it's the worst it's ever been or
it's not as bad as it's ever been what
I'm saying is there's a different tone
tenner to the division that we're seeing
right now I hope that there is no such
Civil War but I think that the division
is of a different type than what we've
seen for a while rich Parata sent a $5
super chat thank you rich saying if
Democrats take over the House Senate and
presidency what's the chance of
establishing term limits for the House
Senate and Supreme Court almost nothing
rich almost nothing I've talked about
how I would actually be in favor of term
limits for the House Senate and the
Supreme Court there are different
reasons why I think it makes sense for
the House and Senate and why it makes
sense for the Supreme Court the overlap
being that lifetime appointments and the
ability to be re-elected and definitely
do impact the accountability that people
have and I know that you often hear well
we don't want if you can if judges are
