[Music]
the david pakman show at david
pakman.com this is just gross but
probably not a shock
Republicans are defending Donald Trump's
Supreme Court pick Brett Kavanaugh
against the sexual assault allegations
that are plaguing him at this point not
by saying he didn't do it
but by saying that if he did it it
really shouldn't matter that much
because it was a long time ago anyway
and of course this ignores the fact that
if he did it even a long time ago he's
still actively lying about it now so the
question is are you saying that we
should ignore both that he assaulted
someone a long time ago and that he's
lying about it today or are you saying
that we simply don't know what it is
that happened because those are two very
very different positions for Republicans
potentially to take and then more
importantly who believes that it
shouldn't matter because it happened a
long time ago legally yes we have
something called the statute of
limitations that may have passed based
on the alleged acts that took place but
if I told you hey I've got a great
babysitter for you she did steal from a
family she babysat from once but it was
a long time ago and the police weren't
called anyway so it's not like she was
ever actually charged with a crime do
you ignore that and you say well listen
it happened a long time ago I'm glad to
hire her to babysit my kids today or do
you say no we it doesn't matter that
legally she's not going to get in
trouble I'm not hiring her as my
babysitter I think most of you know the
answer and this by the way isn't hiring
somebody for one night it's giving
somebody a job for life
Republicans are okay with the boys will
be boys type of thinking the locker-room
talk to take a phrase out of Donald
Trump's vocabulary silly attempted rape
that failed
anyway I mean come on hormones and stuff
right
attempted rape only matters for Supreme
Court candidates if they did it recently
like is that actually the position that
these Republicans are taking and there
was a time I know it's hard to remember
now because of where we are there was
actually a time when Republicans had bad
economic ideas but they were it totally
failed people as individuals they are
now genuinely hypocritical bigots who
value ignorance and value
anti-intellectualism
over morality and some semblance of
intelligence and critical thinking and
this doesn't even really appear to come
down to whether Republicans are willing
to accept Cavanaugh's lies and put them
on the court anyway this actually
violates the rules of integrity for
judges and for lawyers these rules vary
from state to state and from federal to
state and depending on the body that
you're talking about and of course these
are guidelines it's not the law but some
version of a rule that says if as a
lawyer or a judge you engage in conduct
involving dishonesty fraud deceit
misrepresentation or the appearance
thereof you are not fit to serve period
this is super cut and dry
you don't even actually have to
adjudicate the sexual assault
allegations because of the other lies
but in total there are two possible
answers here this is like
multiple-choice it's very binary either
their position is that it's okay for
Brett Kavanaugh to lie previously and
possibly now and just make him a judge
for life anyway or you have to take the
position that lying is not okay and that
lying under oath is not okay
and it's illegal and you shouldn't
appoint such a person to the Supreme
Court period and even if you want to
defend Brett Cavanaugh's actions when he
was in high school or you want to say
well listen at the time it was a long
time ago we don't know exactly what
happened and even if he did it his brain
wasn't fully formed and the hormones you
can defend the
actions as a high-schooler legally and
say we're gonna let it go
legally statute of limitations of course
having expired anyway but you don't have
to put the guy on the Supreme Court for
life and make him one of the nine
highest judges in the land and we're
quickly learning that this is one of the
most despicable nominees to the court in
decades and also I don't know if you saw
this but Brett Kavanaugh put out a
really strange statement saying that he
wasn't at that party
how does Cavanaugh know that he wasn't
at the party at which supposedly
Christine Blasi Ford was the subject of
an attempted rape how does he know which
party that would be if he wasn't at the
party like is he saying I didn't go to
any pool parties anywhere that entire
year that's how I'm sure or is he aware
that there was an alleged rape at a
particular party but he's claiming he
wasn't they like it's the weirdest way
to try to exculpate yourself the excuses
don't work whatsoever and it's weird
because this is maybe something that
Kavanagh could get beyond because he was
under the age of 18 and you know many
people understand that people in their
youth make mistakes certainly doesn't
excuse it but he could still be
nominated and appointed and approved to
the Supreme Court despite that but you
have to tell your story and you have to
be straight with it you can't get away
with all these lies no and this
statement it reminds me of mr. Cavanaugh
do you know who killed this man officer
I have no idea who strangled that guy to
death strangled mr. Cavanaugh I asked if
you knew who killed him
I didn't mention anything about a
strangulation how do you know that he
was strangled right no no no I had
nothing to do with it and I wasn't at
the party at which she was attempted
were at which she suffered an attempted
rape very strange way to defend yourself
and maybe we'll learn more about it at
some point for months I've been telling
you that this relationship between
right-wing FoxNews radio host and
television hosts Sean Hannity and Donald
Trump is very very bad news for America
and we know that sometimes Sean Hannity
is the last person Donald Trump speaks
to before going to bed Hannity sort of
tucking Trump in proverbially speaking
colloquially speaking we know that
Hannity has become just a blindly loyal
supporter of Donald Trump's pushing just
any old Trump friendly narrative on his
TV and radio show that that comes to
mind or that someone suggests to him no
matter how outrageous it is and we know
that Trump is impressed with these
strongman types in politics like Putin
and erawan but we also know that he
seems to be equally impressed with the
strongman types like a powerful media
figure such as sean hannity so this
relationship between Hannity and Trump
had disaster written all over it from
day one and we've now learned that
Donald Trump recently ordered the
declassification of sensitive documents
because Sean Hannity among others told
him that he should do it there have been
Trump's about there have been reports
about how Trump recently told the
Justice Department to go ahead and
declassify materials related to the
Moller investigation which is absurd for
a few reasons including that Trump is
part of what's being investigated and
he's the last guy that should be saying
what should or shouldn't be declassified
related to that investigation Trump
wanted FISA warrant applications
released related to Carter page who we
recently interviewed he wanted FBI
reports about interviews with Justice
Department officials Declassified he
wanted messages sent by James Comey
about the Russia investigation
Declassified really a ridiculous request
and a terrible idea especially since it
could expose intelligence sources and
methods that are being used by the FBI
so Trump was interfering with an ongoing
investigation by merely requesting the
release of these documents he was
possibly endangering American security
interests again he was jeopardizing once
again relationships with allies who
might see this and say wait a second why
are we going to share information with
the United States if Donald Trump might
willy-nilly ask for that information to
be Declassified at any time that's what
we knew so far so Trump then gets
interviewed this week by the hill and he
said you know I actually haven't even
looked at those documents but people I
respect like Sean Hannity and cuckoo for
cocoa puffs judge Jeanine Pirro said
have these documents Declassified and
released so I did it
but I didn't even look at the documents
myself here's a transcript from the
interview that he had with buck Sexton
where buck Sexton says have you reviewed
the memos yourself what do you expect
them to show if so and then Donald Trump
responds and there's an ellipses here
because there was some other stuff in
between these these two sentences I want
to be very clear about that Trump says I
have not reviewed them I have been asked
by many people in Congress as you know
to release them I have watched
commentators that I respect
begging the President of the United
States to release them I have been asked
by so many people that I respect please
the great Lou Dobbs the great Sean
Hannity the wonderful great Jeanine
Pirro it would be bad enough if Donald
Trump was personally dictating policy
but instead the people he listens to our
dictating policy and one of those people
is Sean Hannity another one of those
people appears to be wacky judge Jeanine
Pirro and there are White House aides
who are now referring to Hannity as the
unofficial chief of staff because of the
influence that he seems to have over
Donald Trump I want you to think just
for one second let's all do this little
exercise sit back and imagine this for a
second it's announced that Barack Obama
has ordered the declassification of
documents that could expose the
identities of ten CIA agents working
covertly for example confounding
decision why why would you release
something like that and then a few days
later a George Stephanopoulos interviews
Barack Obama and Obama says honestly I
don't even know what the point of it was
I did it because Anderson Cooper told me
that I should really release these
documents just to pick someone can you
imagine the outrage 24/7 on right-wing
media on Hannity on Rush Limbaugh on the
entire entire thing if Donald if Barack
Obama had done that and the double
standard here where Trump says listen
people I respect judge Janine Hannity
they said release the documents no I
didn't look at
because they told me to release him I
don't even know what it's all about
Obama would be destroyed if he had done
something similar yeah but we don't get
that sense of outrage when Trump does it
because we're so used to it we're so
desensitized to it and I feel like in a
way Trump wanted to declassify these
documents all along but he knew that it
would look bad in the public eye if he
did this because after all the
investigations into him right but does
it look better to say Hannity told me to
do it he's trying to say other people
encouraged me to do this yeah people
like Congress people and media figures
like Jeanine Pirro and Sean Hannity I
wouldn't be at all surprised if Hannity
gets pulled further into the Moller
probe because of his degree of contact
with Trump he's provided a platform for
Trump to push his lies in the apologia
about Russia he's tied directly to
Donald Trump's indicted former personal
lawyer Michael Cohen it would not be
even an iota surprising to me if Sean
Hannity ends up being a bigger figure of
interest in this entire fiasco send me
your thoughts what is going on here I am
on Twitter at D Pakman the show is on
Twitter at David Pakman show I want to
hear from you we'll take a quick break
and be back after this the david pakman
show at david pakman.com
[Music]
[Music]
the david pakman show at david
pakman.com today's new member of the day
brandon Kleckner brandon thank you we do
depend on the support of members and
patrons like brandon also want to say
thanks to andre rice who is our
long-term sustaining member of the day
people have been with us for a really
long time as members at this point and
Andres been with us since 2013 going on
five and a half soon-to-be six years for
Andre Brandon Andre thank you join them
support media that means something to
you
ww join pakman.com we're talking about
pennies a day pennies a day quite
literally and if you want to make a
pledge on patreon you can do that at
patreon.com slash david pakman show
starting at just $1 a month on patreon
both options very much important to the
continued growth and success of the
David Pakman show ok let's talk about
technocracy as well as Freudian slips a
couple interesting discussions from the
David Pakman show subreddit which you
can find at david pakman.com slash our
edie di t more than 7000 david pakman
show viewers and listeners now
participating I mention it to you
because we want to foment robust
community and conversation on that
subreddit note rolling though we have
moderators trolling not allowed there
was a post about technocracy saying
david what's your opinion on technocracy
title says it all here's hoping he's
going to read it well I did read it and
this is something I'm interested in so
first let's start with what is
technocracy when we talk about
technocracy we talk about a government
or control of society or control of
industry by a sort of elite of technical
experts who basically see governance as
an engineering problem so there are some
obvious pros to a technocracy number one
we put people in power who know things
instead of people who are professional
politicians or mostly lawyers which is
what we have in American politics today
at least at the national level so if you
have people who know things you would
think that that would be a positive
change in government government when you
have people who are actually subject
matter experts the problems with
technocracy are number one who decides
who the experts are because if I said
let's put in experts on climate science
to actually work in government the right
will line up a long list of people they
say are climate science and climate
change experts would we agree that these
are the experts on climate science and
climate change no we would not so that's
one problem with technocracy who decides
who the experts are number two experts
in which fields right how do we decide
which fields are the important ones for
governing and then there's an important
question that's sort of like a
chicken-egg question or a causation
correlation question are lots of
politicians lawyers because you need law
knowledge to be a politician or are lots
of politicians lawyers because being a
lawyer makes you better suited maybe
because of how you've been taught to
think for example to be a politician
along the same lines we might have
Tech's expert tech experts and
scientists elected as politicians
elected officials not because they need
that technology to do the job of being a
politician but because their background
in science their background in tech
maybe the argument would go makes them
better suited for the types of thinking
that elected officials should be doing
the answer probably is like most things
a gray area you don't want a total
technocracy you want a balance right now
we have way too few people from tech and
from science in government and
particularly at the federal level but at
the same time you don't want to go
completely overboard and get people from
other disciplines out of government what
we we can say with certitude is just
having lawyers run government is not
something that has served us
particularly well over the last many
many decades also from the David Pakman
show subreddit somebody pointed out
that I had a Freudian slip when I did
the show on was it Monday or Tuesday
Tuesday where I was talking about Donald
Trump's Supreme Court pick and I said
the following and Pat Pat noticed it as
well we have had yet another major
development in the confirmation of
Donald Trump Supreme Court prick pick
Brett Kavanaugh Supreme Court prick I
actually didn't even notice it when I
said it even though I corrected myself
that's interesting it went totally over
my head and it reminded me I think I I
don't remember all of the Freudian slips
that I've had on the David Pakman show
but one of my absolute favorites is this
one from over a year ago which I'll play
for you today Republicans Mike Lee and
Rand Paul voted against approving those
sanctions even Ted Cruz and Mitch
McConnell Freudian slip guys Mitch
McConnell excuse me uh Wow we have to
just continue right I mean let's you
have to keep going we'll edit that out
don't worry about it maybe the most
important element of this well we didn't
edit it out and I think that that
probably is the most notorious Freudian
slip on the show right what was going on
with that hair to seem so so different
yeah I know it's weird like I'm not
aware of having changed my hair for ten
years and I look back a year and I'm
like what on earth was going on at the
time it's very odd anyway thanks to
everybody who's participating daily in
the David Pakman show subreddit join the
conversation david pakman.com slash our
EDD i.t Donald Trump is now calling the
FBI quote truly a cancer in our country
when I read it I actually thought you
know Richard Nixon probably felt the
same way towards the end there he
probably would would have had a similar
point of view about the FBI the FBI is
not an objectively perfect or even
delightful organization there's this
really sort of complex dynamic that's
developed where merely by defending the
fact that the Trump Russia investigation
makes sense you have some on the Left
attacked four haphazardly supporting
such a dark institution as the FBI or
the CIA and supporting every bad thing
every Intelligence Agency has ever done
so let's start at the obvious the FBI is
not objectively great as an organization
it is an intelligence security and law
enforcement agency it's part of the
apparatus of so-called justice in the
United States it's run by people people
make mistakes
it has scandals it makes errors it's not
infallible
it's what I'm trying to say but it's
mere existence in and of itself isn't
the problem
much like the existence of the House of
Representatives isn't the problem the
problem is that much of the House of
Representatives has been overrun by
right-wing ideological lunatics so the
FBI is the FBI and allowing the right to
frame the FBI at a sort of institutional
level as the problem is problematic and
allowing the left to be framed as blind
haphazard defenders of the FBI is also a
problem because the FBI has done bad
things so that gets us to this week
Donald Trump did an interview with the
hill TV Hilda Hilda TV I guess it is
Donald Trump said during that interview
that the FBI's quote truly a cancer in
