[Music]
the david pakman show at david
pakman.com just days after the FCC's net
neutrality repeal was enacted which was
on Monday CNN is reporting that a TN
t--'s buyout of Time Warner which owns
CNN has been approved by a judge and
we're descending even further into what
I'm calling media consolidation dystopia
and I first reported to you who knows
when I mean late 2016 that AT&T made a
deal to buy Time Warner for 85 billion
dollars some people are calling it a
merger it's really a buyout but
effectively it is the coming together of
these two companies I think it's okay to
call it a merger even though legally
speaking that's not what it is I told
you that this deal would be disaster for
consumers okay it would be bad for
competition it would raise prices it
would reduce choice and I told you at
the time that there should be legal
challenges to that merger or buy out and
there were including from the Trump
administration although possibly for
personally vindictive reasons rather
than questions of antitrust but a judge
yesterday has ruled in favor of the
buyout AT&T now says they're gonna close
the deal out by June 20th this is days
away the judge even said don't bother
bother with Appeals because appeals
would be unjust in this particular case
and we know that Donald Trump has had
been at least sort of nominally opposed
to the buyout but it's mostly because
the guy doesn't like CNN and Time Warner
is owned by CNN but nevertheless it's
happening despite Trump's wishes despite
my wishes and a lot of other people's
wishes this is going to happen and
content that is produced by Netflix and
Amazon which for all the criticisms that
we can have about Netflix and Amazon
Netflix and Amazon were causing
cord-cutting people canceling cable
right that was putting some competitive
pressure
on the big cable providers Netflix and
Amazon are now going to be potentially
hurt by this buyout AT&T could if they
wanted give their own content right like
Time Warner content soon to be priority
and then charge more to Netflix or to
Netflix users to use their bandwidth you
want to pay more for Netflix or do you
want to watch Time Warner content and
lots of people will say I'm already
getting gouged by AT&T I'm not gonna pay
even more to be able to watch Netflix
content without constant rebuffering I
don't know you could say I'll cancel my
cable and just buy internet from AT&T
well then your internet becomes much
more expensive because you no longer
have a bundled package and it's still
Netflix com that could be slowed down or
deprioritize so good luck with that and
we have in the last I guess 72 hours the
inaction of the net neutrality repeal
and even more media consolidation
consumers are going to have a very bad
time and I wonder and I'm not asking
this rhetorically I genuinely wonder
what is CNN's coverage of net neutrality
going to look like after this buyout
then I remembered oh right they barely
covered it to begin with so I guess
that's not going to change much we're
still not gonna hear a damn thing about
net neutrality from CNN or Time Warner
or AT&T and this is only going to
continue this is a signal if you are
Comcast which is potentially going to be
buying part of Fox or Disney which also
wants to buy part of Fox or is trying to
already if you see this decision from
the judge and you see the direction that
this is going it's a green light for
even further consolidation and we've
been tracking and participating in the
rise of independent media for years
right we are an independent media
program we've been covering independent
media and there are two forces which
could completely decimate our industry
it's not even really an industry it's
more of a niche number one getting rid
of net neutrality just happened right
decided months ago enacted on Monday and
more media consolidation happening and
more is coming and if you want just like
a little hint as to how the future of
these mega mergers is going to go look
at the fact that the judge in this case
imposed no additional conditions on AT&T
buying time warner the judge just said
sounds good to me and don't even bother
appealing so this is it I don't know
what else to call it
then a Red Alert dystopia yeah it's
really bad and maybe et and Time Warner
don't have a monopoly on the industry
but telecommunications is so big of an
industry and impacts so many people in
so many different ways you may get your
news through it you may connect with
people on it may get entertained by it
and so it's really upsetting that you
know fewer and fewer voices are gonna be
heard from all of us I think you know
Comcast owns what is it NBC and then
Viacom and CBS maybe getting together to
I think we're gonna see a lot more of
this it is the exact sort of cautionary
tale that for about 25 years really I
mean at least 22 years since the 1996
Telecommunications Act but really 25 or
even 30 years Media serious media
analysts and academics have been warning
about and it's happening your media will
become more expensive you will have to
work harder to find alternative media
the distributors of media as Pat is
pointing out are increasingly going to
be the producers of media as well and if
you're if you're hoping that now I get
to Pat silver linings that people
sometimes hear or me telling you what to
do to fix this
I don't know right I mean I'd say
contact your representatives except
they're mostly okay with this stuff
Democrats did vote for net neutrality
but really all of them part complicit in
the status quo that's being perpetuated
vote them out then right I don't know
what else to say yeah it's a call to
action to support the shows that you
like the specific websites you like and
you know maybe supporting independent
media shows like ours very nice I like
that Pat clip pat's now getting in on
the indirect references to membership in
patreon but seriously I actually don't
have good news I like to try to wrap up
the story with some at least cautiously
optimistic something and I don't have it
because it's really really getting bad
just one day
for calling kim jeong-hoon smart funny
and a great person Donald Trump is so
upset with Canadian Prime Minister
Justin Trudeau that he's now going to be
punishing the people of Canada Trump was
interviewed by George Stephanopoulos in
the this was the same interview we'll
talk about later where Trump ascribed to
himself one of the greatest human
memories of all time which was why he
didn't need to take any notes during
that meeting with Kim jong-un
during the same interview Trump said
that he is just so displeased with
Justin Trudeau's recent press conference
that he is going to make it cost a lot
of money for the people of Canada he
learned you can't do that you can't do
that said Trump speaking about Justin
Trudeau we have simultaneously direct
threats to the people of one of our
great allies Canada and compliments all
around for a brutal dictator Kim jong-un
who has his own family members murdered
in cold blood what does this do for the
prospects of renegotiating NAFTA which
Trump has campaigned on it's not gonna
help what does this do for Trump
standing for Trump sort of position
within the g7 which was already pretty
touch-and-go doesn't help and it's not
even totally clear what set Trump off
about the Trudeau press conference
Trudeau has been critical of the steel
and aluminum tariffs he said that Canada
isn't going to be pushed around by Trump
but that's not an insult right it's it's
just saying we are a country and we can
make decisions and we're not going to be
pushed around it's notable only if the
assumption is Trump should be expected
to be allowed to push anybody who he
wants to push around around and I was
talking to some Canadian friends who
said yeah listen I don't agree with what
is being said by Donald Trump here but
this is great for Justin Trudeau and I
looked into the approval ratings for
Trudeau and as of just a couple of
months ago Justin Trudeau's party had
only a 44% approval which for Trump
would be a record high but for Trudeau
is actually quite low and Trump
attacking Trudeau and threatening
Canadians is actually a gift to
Trudeau's reelection chances and I don't
know if that's
they welcomed by Trudeau or now I don't
know if he's aware of it but he has now
set up Justin Trudeau to not give an
inch on trade deals and to have
Canadians still support him and doing it
right if Trump hadn't attacked Trudeau
and the Canadian people Trudeau would
actually take some flak for resisting
renegotiating a trade deal or signing a
trade deal or whatever Canadians now are
gonna stand behind the guy even if in
the short term he makes decisions that
might not be the best decisions for
Canada Canadians are going to be
increasingly willing to say you know
what Trump went after him Trump went
after us and we stand behind Justin
Trudeau holding firm here because we
don't want him to be pushed around I
don't know what the future is of
Canadian US relations but what I do know
is that the contrast between how Trump
is treating Kim jong-un and treating
Justin Trudeau is unimaginable would
have been unimaginable a year ago two to
three years ago and I think that this is
probably a good thing for Trudeau yeah
my sense is that this will certainly
backfire on Trump because Canadians seem
a lot more liberal than us here in the
United States and what Trump is really
saying is that Trudeau doesn't care
about his own people so much because
he's going to let them be victims of a
trade war sure contrast that to what he
said about Kim jong-un at the summit
which is that Kim loves his own people
you can't really make that argument when
the guy has gulags his killing his own
people the guy who's killing his own
family members
forcing famine and starvation upon his
own people and running one of the most
brutal totalitarian regimes according to
trump loves his people but Justin
Trudeau apparently is indifferent to the
Canadian people because he quote
insulted Trump
I guess merely by saying he's not going
to be pushed around this is a new era of
American diplomacy even though you can't
really call it that and geopolitics and
consider once again right this is what I
keep going back to the contrast between
our relationship with Canada and North
Korea Canada has teams in our sports
leagues North Korea sent otto warmbier
back to us in a coma
and Trump is friendlier over the last
week with Kim jong-un than he is with
Justin Trudeau Trudeau might actually
get more respect from Trump if he
decided to start developing nukes
forcing starvation upon the Canadian
people and having his uncle murdered or
something like that because that's what
Kim jong-un has done and it's getting
compliments for Trump it is the era of
the United States of America embracing
North Korea and Russia and Turkey
while seemingly deliberately ruining our
relationships with the European Union
and Canada and Mexico I guess this is
what they meant by Trump would be an
unconventional president or something is
that what we can say yeah it just seems
like he's taking all these positive
relationships with Canada with it you
for granted which you can never do right
you can never lay off the gas I think
Trump aswer argue though that you have
to keep your friends close and your
enemies closer that's apparently what
he's doing now they would argue that now
because it can be used to defend what
Trump is doing they would not have
argued that under Obama or under
Democratic presidents that's for sure
send me your thoughts and my question is
and this is not a rhetorical question
what the hell is going on that's my
question I'm on Twitter at D Pakman the
show is on Twitter at David Pakman show
and I look forward to hearing from you
with with some analysis to how to
interpret what we're seeing at this time
the david pakman show at david
pakman.com
[Music]
[Music]
the david pakman show at david
pakman.com today's new member of the
day's Barbara bails Barbara thank you I
really appreciate you being a david
pakman show member and getting all of
those great member benefits including
the world-famous bonus show but it is
not just new members that I want to
thank I also want to say thanks to Bryan
Wintermute who has been a member since
2012 today's long term sustaining member
of the day join Barbara and Bryan by
signing up at WWE
40% off coupon code available vote soon
18 all right it's time let's get into
this week's hatred mail so what if the
president's been accused of sexual
harassment 15 times or that he paid hush
money to a porn star
at least he never wore a tan suit
patriot mail written by patriots who
hate David Pakman because America and
because freedom so last week hatred mail
coined a new phrase that I really like
which is ad Homme of him instead of ad
hominem it's an ad hominem this week
there's another new phrase coined by
hatred mail but it makes no sense the
phrase is anti facets it's opportune and
if that doesn't make any sense to you it
certainly doesn't make any sense to me
let's take a listen David Pakman I had
sex with your wife you cook I am
clicking not interested in the David
Pakman show don't want to listen to this
pc vindictive ex show anymore a news
radio station David Pakman and a wife
whose bidders ass is also clearly greedy
didn't you have concerns David hmm
auntie Fosse to eat supper tuned exactly
right auntie facet sits off poor tune
and
a good its opportune to you Pat it's
good to have you back on the program is
yeah is that like a prescription
medication name I'd have no idea what
that is I I think I actually saw a
commercial for talking to your doctor
about anti facets it's opportune on late
late night television last night here's
one phrase that I know the meaning of
precisely and it's hey tree at 40 that's
the coupon code that'll save you forty
percent off of a david pakman show
membership and every time you sign up
for membership using the coupon code hey
tree at forty thirteen hey tree it's
shed it's here and I think that that's
something we can all be very very glad
about it is starting to get stunningly
stupid with the earth Korea situation
that the United States finds itself in I
mentioned yesterday after the summit
that Donald Trump clearly thinks that he
is won and his followers have been
tricked into thinking the exact same
thing and as I pointed out yesterday the
so-called deal that was made is almost
identical to many past deals where North
Korea has agreed in principle to
denuclearization and to seek peace or
whatever else but most importantly
nothing was actually done and most
importantly in this negotiation nothing
has actually taken place so far we have
a very vague and non-committal single
piece of paper signed by Donald Trump
and Kim jong-eun Trump has said that
he's stopping military exercises near
North Korea North Korea hasn't yet
proven that it's going to do any of the
things that Kim jong-un signed off that
he would be doing and what is absolutely
stunning is that in the last twelve or
so hours North Korea's state media
agency KCNA is now claiming that Donald
Trump has agreed to lift all sanctions
on North Korea is this true Trump didn't
mention it it's possible that KCNA is
lying but at the same time Donald Trump
did say in this bizarre press conference
after the summit that after they signed
the piece of paper there were a bunch of
toss ins both Kim jong-un and Donald
Trump mentioned a bunch of extra stuff
of course only verbally not in writing
anywhere that they were going to be
doing so has Trump agreed to lift sank
on North Korea in exchange for nothing
actually being done yet White House
hasn't commented at least as of a couple
of hours ago but if indeed Trump did
lift sanctions on North Korea it's
another one of these examples of Trump
doing something in exchange for nothing
because North Korea hasn't done anything
yet and there are trumpets who will hear
me and they'll write in and they saw
David I thought you were against war and
against conflict why don't you want to
get along with North Korea and I do want
to get along with North Korea but North
Korea is a brutal regime with forced
starvation
political killings totalitarian control
and no master negotiator which Donald
Trump claims to be should start just
giving concessions away like candy
before you either get something back or
at least get an assurance something
binding that you're going to get
something back and this dangerous
blindness to reality is particularly
evident in Donald Trump's recent tweets
this morning Donald Trump took to
Twitter I guess as he was arriving back
from Singapore saying first quote before
taking office people were assuming that
we were going to war with North Korea
President Obama said that North Korea
was our biggest and most dangerous
problem no longer sleep well tonight
then also tweeting just landed a long
trip but everybody can now feel much
safer than the day I took office there
is no longer a nuclear threat from North
Korea meeting with Kim jong-un was an
interesting and very positive experience
north Korea has great potential for the
future the degree of nuclear threat from
North Korea hasn't changed from 48 hours
ago because nobody has done anything yet
Kim jong-un has made vague non-binding
sort of commitments to start making
changes at some point in the future the
idea that Donald Trump would come back
and remember we are now in a world where
his statements on Twitter are to some
degree official statements that they
communicate what the president truly
believes is going on the idea that Trump
thinks the nuclear threat
North Korea has been eliminated is
stunningly ignorant and dangerous he
signed a piece of paper agreeing to
things that North Korea has previously
agreed to do and then for subsequently
ignored and Trump is literally tweeting
no more nuclear threat from North Korea
on the off chance that this doesn't work
out Trump in apparently some kind of
exhaustion delirium from being awake
more than 24 hours told the truth
yesterday before leaving Singapore and
Trump said listen you know what if Kim
jong-un doesn't stick to what he said he
was going to do I'll come up with some
excuse as to why it's not my fault
anyway bizarre video of Trump being
strangely honest after the summit take a
look I think he's I think honestly I
think he's gonna do these things I may
be wrong I mean I may stand before you
in six months and say hey I was wrong I
don't know that I'll ever admit that but
I'll find just I'll find some kind of an
excuse okay one or two one more come on
Trump's joking about it but that's
actually exactly what he will do right
it's it's it's brilliant in its evil
genius he has claimed victory including
on Twitter saying nuclear threat from
