I like covering what's happening in the
news media world and one of the sort of
more interesting stories of the last
couple years has been megyn kelly who
started in media as a news reporter
after working as an attorney she then
became a contributor on Fox News she
ultimately got her own program on Fox
News and then she had this very public
spat would then candidate Donald Trump
where it was ultimately announced that
she'd be leaving Fox News to develop
programming for NBC News which would
include a weekly Sunday night program as
well as a daytime talk show and
immediately it was obvious that this was
a very clearly big big money for her
NBC News was sort of making a play on
Megyn Kelly's name rather than her
specific skill set or the demographic
that she appeals to and it was clear
that these weren't really her key
competencies or her sort of
bread-and-butter when it comes to format
and NBC News but a huge amount of money
on her right three year 69 million
dollar contract crazy money but it has
been a total unmitigated disaster and it
keeps getting worse and back in October
we talked about it I told you things
weren't going well her nighttime
interview show they got Vladimir Putin
which was a big deal but otherwise
totally flopped they made a huge deal
out of their major blockbuster interview
with conspiracy theorist Alex Jones not
exactly the person you'd imagine a
program with this budget and this amount
of fanfare on corporate media would tout
as like a major get as one of their
first guests Alex Jones her daytime show
did okay for like a week then lost half
a million viewers within that at the end
of that first week and a lot of it was
Meghan Kelley just didn't seem authentic
in this format and it has continued to
get worse and worse since we talked
about this in October and there's a
really interesting Wall Street Journal
article about it now let's remember Wall
Street Journal is owned by News
Corporation News Corporation owns Fox
News could they be writing a negative
article about megyn kelly because of
sour grapes it's possible but they're
making fact-based points and the
fact-based points are continued really
low ratings on the daytime show which
have local NBC affiliates unhappy
staffers on other NBC shows reportedly
upset about how much money
Megan Kelly's show gets despite the
horrible ratings Hollywood agents
reportedly are telling their clients not
to even go on Megyn Kelly's show because
of low ratings and because of this
really weird incident where megyn kelly
interviewed Jane Fonda not for very long
it was a short interview and chose to
ask Jane Fonda about plastic surgery and
it did not go well and then the
nighttime show which I'm barely talking
about I'm barely talking about it
because it's been all but canceled
there's no weekly nighttime show anymore
it's an occasional special episode like
a primetime special type of thing so was
this a mistake for megyn kelly I don't
know I mean financially not at all right
69 million for three years that's great
for her financially the problem is that
if she carries herself if she carries
her worth on more than just ratings and
on prestige then arguably this is a big
mistake
NBC seems to have really been the one
that made the mistake here right NBC
calculated that her personality
justified this amount of money and it
seems that this is bigger than megyn
kelly it seems like personality doesn't
drive corporate news shows to the tune
of 69 million dollars over three years
right there's no question that the big
personalities on corporate media do
Drive revenue but is it to the point of
69 million for three years apparently
not and corporate news ratings in
general have been down as there are more
alternatives independently and on the
Internet
some of Megyn Kelly's Fox News
demographics they don't really translate
to daytime talk shows right typically
the people that are watching the nine PM
partisan Fox News primetime show or
10:00 p.m. whatever time she was on
those are not the same people watching
daytime talk and who would even
potentially be in Megyn Kelly's audience
so this has not worked well for NBC
megyn kelly is going to be fine
financially but I'm curious about the
future of this format bigger picture I'm
also curious how much longer NBC is
gonna allow the daytime show to continue
right I wonder what megyn kelly will do
after this three-year contract is up
yeah will and NBC re-sign are probably
for less money if they do
I don't think she can go back to Fox
News especially because there's probably
bad blood there she did write something
negative about Roger Ailes who allegedly
you know well he did actually I mean he
doesn't allege she was actually well
actually keep there were payoffs but of
course he passed away that I don't think
that their world to me any interpreted
proceedings there
yes but Roger Ailes by all accounts
massive payoff to gretchen carlson and
and other women i think she doesn't go
back to fox news for sure i think it's
possible that she gets shifted around in
NBC News she could maybe get reframed as
sort of just a news reader maybe she
becomes the next like half-hour news
person on NBC News but certainly a for
me the most interesting thing has been
whether or not she is a right-wing
ideologue the right-wing ideologue
character that she played on Fox News
does seem to have hurt her potential at
these news new programs so total
implosion of Megyn Kelly's new shows
both shows in fact okay I wasn't going
to talk about michelle wolf and the
White House Correspondents Dinner since
we normally don't really say much about
it but the scandal around it has made me
want to have a conversation about it and
what was notable this this year about
the White House Correspondents Dinner
was that Trump didn't attend normally
the president goes they get roasted to
some degree and they generally take it
pretty well Michelle wolf headlined the
event in Trump's absence she made jokes
some were aggressive some were less
aggressive some were very funny some
were not as funny but she's getting
absolutely crushed by conservative media
and even some on the not right like not
left wingers per se but even just sort
of some general media criticism is
saying that maybe michelle wolf went too
far and the normal MO with these things
is the people being made fun of it's
usually the president people in the
current administration sometimes media
as well they sort of all take it in
stride right because it doesn't look
good when you don't and then the
partisan al analysts from the
administration's party will slam the
comedian is going too far or being too
aggressive or being insensitive or
distasteful when it was Obama you'd hear
a little bit of that from the left but
mostly it was understood that this is
comedy right it's comedy and it's comedy
period the right has absolutely lost its
mind over Michelle Wolf's joke saying
everything from it was bullying that was
Mike Huckabee who said that - it was
cruel unfair disgusting inaccurate and
this is so funny on so many levels first
and foremost being the same free speech
warriors who were supposedly against the
trigger warnings and the safe spaces are
effectively totally triggered by
michelle wolf and arguing that she just
went too far and they wanted in practice
the White House Correspondents Dinner to
be a safer space for them than it was I
mean just a glaring hypocrisy but I
thought we should actually look at what
Michelle Wolf said because what really
seems to be getting to them is that
everything Michelle Michelle wolf said
other than like the clearly sarcastic or
joking comments was true right she
opened with a joke about a porn star
having sex with Trump that happened or
at least there's every indication that
it happened she said Congress
accomplishes very little that's true
most people in the United States degree
she said that at age 32 she's 20 years
older than the age that would make Roy
Moore find her attractive more hasn't
denied pursuing girls not that much
older than 12 right it's an edgy joke
but it's a fine joke to be making she
referred to Michael Cohen writing a
hundred and thirty thousand dollar check
to someone he did that what's the big
deal she joked about the liberal media
being turned on by the Trump Russia
collusion story that's a critique of
liberal media why would conservatives be
mad about that
she said Hillary wasn't in contact with
Michigan that's a critique of Hillary
Clinton's campaign she joked about Trump
phoning into Fox & Friends
he does phone into Fox & Friends all the
time why is that a big deal she joked
about maybe Trump isn't as rich as he
says he is well we know that that's
something that bothers Trump it's not
original material others have suggested
that she said Trump is a racist I mean
yeah that's a matter of debate but it's
not really unique or controversial at
this point to say that Trump has racist
tendencies she suggested that a Trump
impeachment might be bad because it
would lead to Mike Pence who's worse
I've been saying that and many others
have been saying that for more than a
year I don't see how that's offensive
she joked about people being against
abortion until their secret mistress
needs an abortion that's a real story
about many Republicans and even some
anti-choice Democrats when it comes to
abortions only for their mistresses and
not for anybody else she joked about
Republicans having not see candidates
that just happened in Illinois that
actually is a real thing
she said Kellyanne Conway lies that's
undeniably true she said Ivanka has done
nothing as a women's rights advocate I
would agree with that and then she got
into Sarah Huckabee Sanders and this
made a lot of people mad she joked that
Sarah Huckabee Sanders is like aunt
Lydia in a Handmaid's Tale she accused
Sarah Huckabee Sanders of constant lying
she joked about Sarah Huckabee Sanders
being a disappointment to women is this
really that bad like you would only
really be triggered by that if you
recognize that it's all completely true
and then she made a joke about Sarah
Huckabee Sanders Smokey Eye Makeup and
people said well as she's starting to
make fun of Sarah Huckabee Sanders
appearance give me a break
they should all be thrilled that that's
the full extent to which Sarah Huckabee
Sanders appearance was ridiculed right
and I've been very clear I think Sarah
Huckabee Sanders is terrible for the
lies that she tells but one could if
they wanted to as Trump did to many of
his opposing Republican candidates
ridicule the way they look
joked about Fox News having a problem
with predators of women I mean that that
is true that's true
made some jokes about Rachel Maddow
that's not even about the ride she said
Trump is so broke that he grabs
looking for loose change I mean that
that relates to news stories if this is
offensive speech to Republicans they are
even more thin-skinned than we thought
and we thought they were pretty damn
thin-skinned and I feel like if there is
legitimate criticism to make here it's
that these aren't really jokes for the
most part there were just like
observations about reality yes and I
think that's why comedians nowadays are
having such a tough time in the era of
Trump because reality is already pretty
hilarious so there's nowhere to take it
I mean you can't like flip it you can't
make it satirical you can't exaggerate
it and then they could argue that it
wasn't funny that would be a criticism
but most people don't get offensive by
things that aren't funny they just don't
laugh and then move on
their lives so it appears that what the
right really hated about Michelle wolf
speech was that it contained mostly the
truth there's one other angle here which
is that because Michelle wolf did go
after corporate media in a lot of ways
corporate media may have decided to
enable Michelle Wolf's critics to come
on and slam her because she slammed them
during her jokes that's another possible
angle which is interesting yeah it could
be a silver lining that this could take
down the White House Correspondents
Dinner they're actually talking about
getting rid of the comedy not only over
this incident but also Stephen Colbert's
roasting of George W Bush yeah that
would be a great thing I think the
Correspondents Dinner is a little bit
too cozy between the media and those in
charge so well I'd like to see them get
rid of it listen you got rid of the
president this year they can get rid of
the jokes next year what will be left I
guess just like a a dried fish dish that
gets served to everybody in the room I
don't know what else they'll have we
have a major story today to lead with
and it sort of goes directly to possible
crimes committed by President Donald
Trump and his campaign but it also goes
to corporate media effectively falling
hook line and sinker for what was
clearly a calculated decision that was
made and this all relates to the sum of
a hundred and thirty thousand dollars
which was paid to adult film actress
stormy Daniels by Trump's personal
attorney Michael Cohen and to give you
the 15-second reset on the story Donald
Trump allegedly had an affair with
stormy Daniels years ago close to
Election Day 2016 she was paid a hundred
and thirty thousand dollars in hush
money
she was also asked to sign a
nondisclosure agreement and the story
that we've been told so far is that the
hundred and thirty thousand dollars came
not from Donald Trump nor from Donald
Trump's campaign which would potentially
be illegal but from Michael Cohen
Trump's lawyer personally and that
Donald Trump neither knew about the
payment nor the non-disclosure agreement
nor did he ever repay Michael Cohen the
hundred and thirty thousand dollars this
was unbelievable from day one right
first and foremost because Donald
Trump's name is on the non-disclosure
agreement Trump didn't sign it
but in principle how can people be
parties to contracts they don't know
exists doesn't really make any sense and
in addition to that it was always hard
to believe that the hundred and thirty
thousand dollars which Michael Cohen had
to mortgage his house to obtain were
never returned to him by the billionaire
Donald Trump it always seemed like a
legal and PR manipulation to claim that
Cohen paid the money just out of the
goodness of his heart out of love for
Donald Trump as Michael Cohen's attorney
said to megyn kelly a few weeks ago well
in comes Rudy Giuliani former New York
City Mayor one of the latest additions
to Donald Trump's legal team which is a
legal team that's been constantly in
flux since it was put together and
Giuliani goes on Fox News last night and
he says oh yeah a Donald Trump did pay
Michael Cohen back for the hundred and
thirty thousand dollars which obviously
contradicts the idea that Trump didn't
know about the payment
it obviously contradicts the idea that
Donald Trump didn't pay Michael Cohen
back which is what we were told and
hypothetically it means that there could
have been a crime depending on whether
the source of that money was Donald
Trump personally or the Trump campaign
but it also potentially eliminates some
other crimes so let's get to the video
clip here is Rudy Giuliani on Fox News
last night I was talking about the
hundred thirty thousand dollar payment
right a settlement payment which is a
very regular thing for lawyers to do the
question there was the only possible
violation there would be was it a
campaign finance violation but usually
were result in a fine by the way not
this big storm of storm troopers coming
in and breaking down his apartment and
breaking out his office that was money
that was paid by by his lawyer the way I
would do out of his law firm funds or
whatever funds doesn't matter the
president reimbursed that over a period
of setting me it said it didn't I will I
distinctly remember that he did it on
his own he did without asking look I
don't know I haven't investigated that
no reason to dispute that no reason is
for the recollection I like Michael a
lot you like Michael oh yeah I feel very
bad he's been victimized like this the
president feels even worse by the way
again Sean Hannity saying he's known ko
in awhile without mentioning he actually
worked with Michael Cohen but
that's that's not even gonna that's not
gonna rate today rudy giuliani after
this interview told the New York Times
that this isn't just something he's
saying but that he has documents which
show that Donald Trump did make this
payment so the obvious question is why
admit this all along Trump claimed that
he didn't pay him back didn't know about
it seems like an unforced error right
wrong this is a calculation much like
the calculation with Russia collusion
remember there was no collusion shifted
into a narrative of if there was
collusion it wouldn't be a crime and it
wouldn't be illegal anyway among some
right and here they are obviously
calculating it's better for them to
shift from there was no repayment to
repayments for settlements are totally
normal
obviously any client is going to repay
their lawyer for a settlement that was
made and part of the calculation is that
Trump astaire that Trump directly lied
about this it is not a slight distortion
it's a straight-up lie right let's be
super clear Trump was asked specifically
aboard Air Force One last month did you
know about the payment to stormy Daniels
and Donald Trump said no and said talk
to Michael Cohen he was then asked do
you know where he got the money to make
that payment and Donald Trump said no I
don't know rather than well yeah he got
it from me because I paid him back
Giuliani isn't stupid he is a hyper
partisan guy he has said a lot of things
that don't make a lot of sense but he's
not stupid and clearly there's been a
determination made here that the legal
danger is bigger if Trump doesn't repay
if tump Trump didn't repay Cohen because
that would potentially raise more legal
issues than the idea that hey this is
just a client paying back their lawyer
it was alone it was a prepaid settlement
money whatever right as long as Trump
didn't pull the money from his campaign
fund it wouldn't be illegal and the
calculation that was made and I believe
it was accurately made is that framing
Trump as a liar is the best thing here
because he's never been held to account
by his supporters for lying all the time
about everything what's just one more
lie right and then now the next step in
this is Trump tweeting and shifting the
story again saying it wasn't even really
a repayment specifically for the hundred
thirty thousand dollars Trump just
regularly paid retainers to his attorney
Michael Cohen this is actually genius
check out this series of three tweets
this morning where Donald Trump said mr.
Cohen an attorney received a monthly
retainer not from the campaign and
having nothing to do with the campaign
from which he entered into through
