this idea of Donald Trump being a
Russian asset dating all the way back to
the 1980s is getting more and more
attention and it's about to get even
more attention because a new book claims
the exact same thing and over the last I
guess week to ten days Omarosa versus
Trump has been getting a lot of
attention but that's sort of like the
pop culture story to this more serious
organized-crime Russian asset story and
there's a new book called house of Trump
house of Putin the untold story of
Donald Trump in the Russian mafia and
the author of the book is Craig Unger
who's a harvard-educated investigative
journalist who's done some really great
investigative work in the past including
the book house of Busch House of Saud
related to the bush family's
relationship with the royal family of
Saudi Arabia and this new book trump
house of Trump House of Putin starts
first of all by naming 59 specific
Russians that Craig Unger claims are
business associates of Donald Trump now
remember Trump has claimed many times to
have no business with Russians period
aside from the occasional luxury condo
sale in Manhattan or whatever else so
that's one part of this that fifty-nine
specific Russian individuals are named
as having relationships with Donald
Trump but the real story in the book is
that Unger claims that Trump may be
compromised and a Russian asset and
specifically says that the reason Trump
may have become a compromised Russian
asset is that he has allegedly been
laundering billions of dollars in
Russian money through his real estate
deals with Russians and these alleged
financial ties with Russia go obviously
directly counter to what Trump has
specifically said before like for
example Trump said quote I have no
dealings with Russia
I have no deals that could happen in
Russia because we've stayed away and I
have no loans with Russia
I have no loans with Russia at all so
let's take a step back first of all why
would Russia have all this money that
they want to launder like why would
Russians be in positions to want to
launder money through Trump rather than
Nicaraguans
well this all dates back to when the
Soviet Union imploded and caused what's
called capital flight rich Russians had
money that they wanted to get out the
Russian mafia had money that they wanted
to get out and two really good ways to
get money out and then launder it are
casinos and real estate
Trump is involved in both of them
casinos are more conspicuous ways
because they are so well known as ways
to launder money so they apparently went
in the direction of real estate
now why would Trump do it right maybe
initially it was for the money when you
help launder money you get a cut when
Trump had financial troubles remember
Trump always brags about how he never
filed personal bankruptcy but his
businesses did for a while Trump was
having trouble getting loans the money
laundering from the Russians may have
alleviated that financial situation and
then as very often happens he gets in
too deep and maybe he can't get out and
in his book Craig Unger has interviewed
Russian mafia Russian government
connected individuals and what Unger
can't say for sure is whether Trump did
all of this knowingly
or whether he was sort of taken
advantage of right he was the Patsy he
was the useful idiot it's not 100
percent clear Unger was asked by
Newsweek in an article about the book
whether he thinks Russians have
compromising personal information about
Trump this relates to the steel dossier
and Unger said he doesn't even think if
the PP tape exists that it matters
because once again Trump claimed to have
zero Russian business associates and
Unger found 59 and his argument is the P
tape may exist the P tape may not exist
but it really doesn't matter because of
these 59 Russian contacts asked by
Newsweek in this interview Craig Unger
was asked which of your findings do you
think Americans would find most shocking
he said he has reason to believe here we
go now that there is a Russian asset in
the White House who Unger believes is
not just compromised by Russia but an
actual Russian agent that's not 100%
clear and at the those are very very big
allegations to make but this is
a guy with a bad reputation when it
comes to investigative journalism as a
Hugh did you say huge bird just ran into
that last that was crazy that startled
me actually we got that on camera yeah
birds just unable to identify glass
continues to be a thing evolutionarily
it doesn't seem to be fading away so
listen as far as this book goes if only
5% of what's in this book is true and
again Unger has a very good reputation
this is the stuff that history books
will be writing about if 20% of the book
is true it's a historic report I mean
that I'm starting to lack the vocabulary
to properly encapsulate how absurd this
is it's it sounds like the most extreme
allegation you can make in this whole
Russia Trump scandal the Trump is some
Manchurian Candidate who's being
operated by the Russians it sounds
hyperbolic but yet he has the contacts
right he has those 59 names yes you can
make a strong case and you don't have to
make the case that it's a Manchurian
Candidate per se you can actually make
the case that it's sort of a bumbling
fool who over the last 35 years has one
small step at a time become compromised
and that now this is just sort of where
he naturally ended up and putting the
actual Russians aside for a second
everyone who allows Trump to avoid
consequences for everything he's done
like let's assume eventually we figure
out exactly what he's done if you allow
him to avoid consequences you are sort
of a de facto Russian asset in the sense
that legally if any of this stuff is
true when you allow it to have no
consequences you further the goals of
those who have allegedly compromised
Trump and you're actually starting to
get into RICO stuff
Rico is the Racketeer Influenced Corrupt
Organizations Act and this is a legal
legal framework at the federal level
that was signed into law by Richard
Nixon of all people in the 1970s and
what it says is that if you commit
crimes that are part of a broader
basically organized crime I mean it was
meant to fight organized crime that it
is much more serious legally speaking so
if you just launder money you've
laundered money okay if you launder
money as part of a money laundering
racketeering and extortion organization
then
it's falls under Rico and we have here a
president who may have willingly or
unwillingly participated in criminal
activity that would fall under Rico this
is not going away if anything it's
building and we're actually trying to
get Craig Unger on the program to try to
get him to talk about the book and the
research that he's done amazing what we
are learning learning every single week
send me your thoughts I'm on Twitter at
D Pakman the show is on twitter at david
pakman show and boy do we have a good
one for you today this is just the best
I think you're gonna like this one for
all of the attacks on the infamous Trump
Russia dossier by Christopher steel
steel has now come out on top in a libel
case against him in court Trump claimed
the entire dossier was fake
his defenders claimed it was just made
up lies and it has now been upheld as at
least not libelous or defamatory in a
court of law
Christopher Steele is a former mi6
officer the UK's Intelligence Service
and he won a case in the United States
against three Russian oligarchs who sued
him because the oligarch said the stuff
that Christopher Steele put in the Trump
Russia dossier about them about us they
said was untrue it's defamatory it's
libelous and the court decided that no
that's not the case Christopher Steele
said that the case should be thrown out
and a judge agreed the judge didn't
decide are the contents accurate line by
line are they true or untrue but what
the judge did decide was that the
document the steel dossier was not
deliberately inaccurate which is the
standard that's applied to what Steele
put in it when you're trying to figure
out whether it's defamatory or libelous
so this tells us that as far as a judge
is concerned whether or not every claim
in the dossier is true it's not a
dossier put together with unsourced
knowingly false material like close to
Christopher Steele it contains claims of
varying specificity you could argue it
contains it contains claims of varying
accuracy because it's a report of what
Steele's sources told him but it was put
together in a way
that a court decided is simply not
defamatory now the Russian oligarchs
aren't pleased they said they would
quote almost certainly appeal the
court's decision it's not hugely likely
that it would go a different way on
appeal and steel is still up against
libel charges in the UK there's another
Russian named Alexei Gubarev who's named
in the dossier and he's going to have to
deal with that in the UK but this is yet
another good result I would say for the
dossier now trumpets will hear me and
they'll say David this doesn't prove the
accuracy of anything in the dossier and
that's true I'm not trying to hide that
much of the dossier has been separately
corroborated but what this decision does
mean is that the allegations about the
Russians who sued steel are beyond libel
it's a win for the legitimacy of
elements of the dossier as genuine
reports of what people told steel and I
feel like that's what's missing from the
conversation Pat people say steel made
the stuff up or Steel's not trustworthy
or or he concocted this stuff or not and
we need to punish steel for making
things up steel never claimed that these
were his assertions what Christopher
steel did is he gathered information
from sources about Donald Trump who was
orchestrating that and who wanted the
document put together people like to
debate that he was not just writing
stuff down he was documenting the claims
made about Donald Trump it was not a
document where steel purported to
adjudicate what was true and what wasn't
true and and hopefully that gets figured
out as cases are decided that they are
not defamatory on that basis yeah I feel
like the claims made by steel seem just
so outrageous when they were first
released yeah because you know this was
their first time looking at these
allegations and and people that just
kind of stuck with people right that
there is no way that the Trump PP tape
exists and that all of the Trump
associates were this involved in Russia
yeah and you know it's kind of hard to
come back from that no way and when we
actually look at the reality that more
and more elements of the dossier have
been independently corroborated over
time
we now have Michael Cohen who supposedly
had nothing to do with anything he has
now pled guilty to eight counts although
not directly related to the contents of
the dossier but it's all now fitting
together so it's really important that
you not fall for trump is saying it's
meaningless because it doesn't prove the
truth of the claims in the dossier the
story is that the people that were
claiming that what Steele wrote about
them was defamatory were able to present
no evidence that the contents were
untrue and certainly not that the
contents were defamatory and the judge
threw the case out so it's definitely
not phony it's definitely not been
discredited as what was it that Carter
page called it on the show that dodgy
dossier what we have is a list of
assertions more of which have been
independently corroborated now than at
any previous time and I think it would
actually be very interesting to go back
to the dossier and go through it point
by point now pulling out the parts that
have been separately corroborated at
this point it's quite a few and that
might actually be useful for the
audience to see us do and maybe we will
do that sometime soon this has been one
of the biggest news weeks in a very long
time I don't really remember the last
time we had a news week as big as this
week rife with guilty verdicts and
guilty pleas and lies and lies on top of
lies from the administration and we now
have a new interview that Donald Trump
did with Fox & Friends it aired in full
this morning although there were some
snippets of it that were released
yesterday and according to Donald
Trump's own words during this Fox News
interview he admits that he did know
about the hush money payments that his
now convicted lawyer Michael Cohen made
to mistresses in order for them not to
talk about their escapades with Donald
Trump Trump claims he knew about it
after the fact which of course is in
direct contradiction with the tape on
which it appears that Michael Cohen is
discussing the payments with Trump but
nonetheless we now know that Michael
Cohen is pleading guilty to crimes for
those payments which means that Donald
Trump now is connected to something that
is
criminal now you are going to hear in
this clip I'm going to play for you
you're going to hear Trump deny that the
payments had anything to do with
campaign funds but legally speaking the
payments broke the law which is why
Michael Cohen pleaded guilty but in this
clip Donald Trump appears to admit to a
federal crime which crime that is
actually depends on whether you think
he's telling the truth or not
either way there's a federal crime in
here take a listen to this and then
we'll discuss it later on
I knew later on but you have to
understand anything what he did and they
weren't taken out of campaign finance
that's a big thing that's a much bigger
thing did they come out of the campaign
they didn't come out of the campaign
they came from me and I tweeted about it
you know I put I don't know if you know
but I tweeted about the payments but
they didn't come out of campaign in fact
my first question when I heard about it
was did they come out of the campaign
because that could be a little dicey and
they didn't come out of the campaign and
that's big but they weren't that's not a
it's not even a campaign violation if
you look at President Obama he had a
massive campaign violation but he had a
different attorney general and they
viewed it a lot different you have to
mention Obama right I mean why not at
this point please get this guy in a room
with Robert Muller or Moeller's
investigators and put him under oath
because that explanation might work on
fox news's anally Erhart but there is no
way in hell that that explanation works
on a seasoned federal investigator and
aside from the de la gala t which we'll
get to isn't it stunning how casually
Trump discusses hush money payoffs to
multiple mistresses totally
matter-of-factly as if the only relevant
part is did the hush money payoffs to
your multiple mistresses
come from your campaign funds or did
they come from your personal funds now
we have heard from a lawyer former
ethics lawyer for Barack Obama norm
Eisen who says that Donald Trump seems
to inadvertently admit to a federal
crime now you might say well hold on a
second David Trump says he knew about
the payment at
they happened not before even if it's a
lie that's not an admission of a crime
that's true but there's another crime
that Trump appears to have admitted to
here
Trump signed his federal disclosures in
2017 for 2016 and didn't include that
debt to Michael Cohen for the payoffs
okay
legally Trump is supposed to list that
debt the repayment of that money to
Michael Cohen if it did if indeed it
didn't come from campaign funds on his
financial disclosure he didn't do it
Trump says in the interview he knew
about the payments and he made the
payments himself that doesn't show up on
paper anywhere was this one of these
infamous elusive perjury traps set up by
Ainsley Earhardt I don't think so I
think Trump doesn't know what he's
talking about
maybe Ainsley Earnhardt let him talk for
too long you have to walk him through
the line of reasoning and the
questioning otherwise he's going to
admit to some really bad things Citizens
for responsibility and ethics in
Washington has already made a criminal
referral against Donald Trump that has
led to Citizens for responsibility and
ethics to demand that a complaint be
made and now the full story is that
there has been lie after lie after lie
from Trump on this so it actually could
be way worse than Trump even appears to
be admitting here according to Michael
Cohen Trump directed him to make the
payments in advance now if that's true
it's way worse than what Trump appears
to be admitting to here on the Fox News
interview you'll remember that Trump
first said he didn't know about any of
this stuff at all even recently he made
that claim now he says he did know about
the payments but only after and that
campaign funds weren't used the truth
could be anything and there's no reason
to think that we're altima to get the
truth from Trump I think it's gonna take
more work to get the truth
also Trump not shockingly doesn't
understand campaign finance law he says
Cohen pleaded guilty to something that's
not a crime can you imagine you get in a
room a judge prosecutors a defendant
who's a lawyer in Michael Cohen Cohen's
lawyers everybody in the room is for
familiar with the law and somehow you
end up having a guilty plea to things
that aren't crimes how exactly does that
happen you must have a room full of
moronic people who are accepting guilty
pleas for things that aren't crimes but
here is the most important part whether
or not the money came from Trump's
campaign funds it's a crime either way
if the money came from campaign funds
it's an illegal use of campaign funds if
the money for stormy Daniels and Karen
McDougal did not come from campaign
funds it's a contribution for the
purposes of influencing the campaign
above the legal donation limit either
way you're talking about a crime here
yeah Trump must be ecstatic now that he
was elected president because if he was
just a commoner if he had lost the
election he probably would have been
indicted by now because he seems just as
guilty as Michael Cohen is I disagree I
think if he had lost the election people
wouldn't even have paid attention to
this because he wouldn't have been
president and a lot of this stuff only
came to light because of Trump's
unhinged tweeting once he was actually
elected and people started asking
questions so I think you're right
he would have been more legally exposed
but it would have been less likely that
any of this would have been looked at
with such scrutiny wasn't Hillary the
one who's supposed to end up in prison
yeah that didn't happen did it maybe
she's still will I don't know eventually
they will fully shift to the idea of the
law as this kind of vague arbitrary
societal construction which it is at its
base right like that's what crime is it
