hello everyone it feels weird coming
back from the having a day off yesterday
like I'm trying to get back in the swing
of things
did everybody I hope Steve held it down
okay from what I saw he did so Bravo
Steve we have a full house
mr. Pakman has brought out everyone here
in the show as always Casey here on
Tuesdays with ideology hello Casey hi
how you doing I'm doing fantastic the
sharp gentleman on the far end Jamie
welcome back sir yes thank you for
having me I'm glad to see everybody and
the we are sir and the star of the show
tonight
also the fine-looking gentleman in the
center mr. David Pakman welcome sir
thank you for coming on thanks for
having me
absolutely so tonight yes Casey did you
forget Steve oh you started with Steve
if I did know it was the second show we
ever did actually and I getting used to
the life you know the live streaming it
takes a lot because it's not like
recording we recorded the first couple
episodes that we did and you're able to
go back and you know fill in and fix
whatever you mess up so I'm scrambling
to try to focus on you know what I'm
gonna open up with and I open the show
and I said hello everyone I'm Kyle
Curtis and I've joined by this other guy
and I'm waiting on Steve to break in I'm
waiting oh seem to break in to save me
like obviously I'm dangling here on a
limb and he just sits there like he'll
get it eventually
so tonight we're going to talk about the
death penalty and should be abolished
this is a kind of a I guess roundtable
discussion where I'd like to get
everybody's thoughts I know that they
vary
quite differently between everybody in
this call so I think this is gonna be a
really good kind of back and forth and
getting everybody's ideas out there from
the polls that I put out on Twitter and
YouTube and discord it's widely varied
and a lot more split than I thought it
would be I thought it would be a clear
indicator towards you know being
abolished that was just my prejudice
going in I guess but it turns out it's
it's not that simple
and we're gonna get into that a little
bit later as well but right now I'm
going to allow mr. Patman to say a few
words and let you guys know where you
can find his show it's also in the
description but I want to kind of David
I'm sure everybody watching those who
you are but just for formality sake we
kind of let people know who you are what
you do and why you do what you do yeah
sure I host a progressive talk show it's
on close to 200 radio and TV stations
it's the 11:00 p.m.
weekday Eastern Time show on free speech
TV which is on DirecTV and Dish Network
and then we've got a YouTube channel as
well which now we surpassed about
500,000 subscribers I think we must be
around 525 at this point right now we've
got a podcast and I've been doing it for
four years it's my full-time job it's a
show that has you know a number number
of full-time staffers and that's that's
what I do about five days a week
busy man so we definitely appreciate you
taking the time to come on in and chat
with us a bit and I chose this topic
because I just noticed from watching
your show it's something that you would
come back to on occasion it seemed to be
kind of a I don't know this this is just
my assumption but it seems to be like
maybe a personal thing with you or
something that you're really passionate
about so I thought this might be a good
kind of benchmark start out with is that
the case I mean is the death personal
it's no more personal than than any
other political issue I guess that I
have an opinion about okay cool
so let's do this then let's go down the
the line here and so that everybody is
clear on where we're coming from in this
call and then we'll kind of jump into it
you guys kind of say what your stance is
on it briefly we'll go into it a little
bit deeper just but just so everybody
kind of gets an idea of where you're
coming from we'll start with you KC
where where do you stand on the death
penalty being abolished I think it
should be abolished I'm against the
death penalty okay Steve I don't think
we should abolish it I think it needs to
be fixed but I don't think it should be
abolished okay Jamie yeah as far as our
current justice system exists today I
would absolutely abolish it but if there
was significant reform I would be for it
being implemented in a specific way
interesting that that's that's what I
kind of want to start off with but David
what is your stance on the death penalty
I'm against it and I think we should
abolish it all right so we're kind of
kind of split with Jamie being a kind of
in-between guy there so Jamie let's
let's start at that middle ground then
when you say if it's if it can be
reformed then you would be for keeping
yet what do you mean by that first I
want to say I do everything I can to
avoid being sandwiched between you and
Steve and Here I am again in this exact
same time blending so my whole thing is
you know the short short version of this
is I'm really sick and tired of the
United States giving people exceedingly
long prison sentences for really minor
crimes in comparison to the amount of
time they have to spend in prison so for
example you know Kyle you actually
covered this I want to add homies
episodes where a guy stole fajitas and
ended up with 50 years in a federal
prison so my general idea here and again
I can go into depth later but my general
idea is cap all prison sentences to ten
years and if it seriously needs more
than ten years make the death penalty an
option
primarily for for the purposes of saving
on feeding and housing and clothing a
criminal that has no no intention of
rehabilitating but I think that should
come significantly with a proper
understanding of that being the case
psychiatric you know for through
psychiatric evaluation and again a true
justice system not using the standard we
have set today I make that very clear if
we're gonna do things the way we're
doing them now there's no way we would
be capable of insuring somebody's
innocence or guilt we just do a horrible
job of that so yeah I take that approach
that I would trade having the death
sentence for knowing that no prison
sentence would be more than 10 years let
these people get back on with their
lives and weary incorporated into
society interesting I David you seem to
get a little rod up there that's one of
the most nonsensical points of view I've
maybe ever heard on this issue and I've
done a lot of debates about this is it
okay if I ask a couple questions to try
to figure out a little bit more about
what you mean sure so Jamie the forcible
rape of a child would that be in the
under 10 years or in the death penalty
side well I'm not the person who's
qualified to make that determination
what I'm saying is is if it's determined
that it deserves more than ten years by
people who are qualified then it would
be a death sentence so if I understand
correctly you're saying like the current
way it's set up is you're not okay with
you cannot you cannot do it that's why I
say it would need massive amounts of
reform what I'm saying is if somebody
says you're gonna get three consecutive
you know life sentences or you know
three you know that kind of stuff it's
like what are we doing here I mean
there's there's no okay I got you
understand but here's what I'm trying to
figure so you've made it clear that the
current system is set up by the people
who are in charge is not okay but then
when I asked you for your view on a
specific case you said that's for the
people who set it up to decide but you
said that those are the people that are
doing it wrong right so if you if you
have know if you're not going to give an
example of like that
that you can give us a sort of your view
on if you want to okay who are in charge
the review but you're against how
they've done it now so why would you
think that they would do it the right
way next time because I would implement
more there would be more involved in the
process than we have right now that's
why I said like right now there is no
psychiatric evaluation done to determine
the the success or failure of possible
rehabilitation it's done through the
prison system it's not done what do you
what do you mean so in so but the prison
system doesn't determine the sentence so
you want psychiatric evaluation right in
the prison system
it's the justice system that determines
the sentence when someone is found
guilty so why would the prison system
having psychiatrists have any bearing on
the penalty that's assigned at verdict
you didn't hear what I said
the psychiatrist would be during this
you know during the pre-sentencing
really part of the justice system they
have that already that it's false to say
that that doesn't exist now it's used as
part of sentence in countless cases not
in terms of potential for rehabilitation
no absolutely that's a question that's
asked all the time there of
psychiatrists at sentencing okay well
I've never seen it myself okay I mean
this is this actually your hostility
here is a little little high for this
topic it's just like it's such a and I
it requires a significant amount of
maturity to talk about the issues openly
I mean I I'm not I'm not at all
advocating this on a political platform
not running for office on this position
I'm just discussing it in the set one of
the things we have that's a major
problem in our country is significantly
long prison sentences that are unfair
and burdensome and we also have a issuer
we do we have to provide for these long
sentences so what I'm saying is and then
you also get to the deterrence factor
you know you know I haven't seen that's
been completely squash that's having a
death penalty does not provide any
deterrence benefit whatsoever I'm not
saying it's the significant amount just
saying that as it isn't a clear-cut yes
or no case so I'm just saying if we
lived in a society clear-cut it
you think I will share your view I'd
love to hear it yes what's your son
what's your solution David my solution
is we abolish the death penalty
okay just like sorry and have just like
um however long they're sentenced for or
life sentences but note just basically
the system we have now just no death
penalty well no they're definitely I
mean I agree that we have way too long
prison sentences for some crimes like
absolutely for sure the war on drugs is
a disaster that's a hundred percent but
I see that as totally separate from the
death penalty so I feel like the
whatever point of view one has
politically there is a good reason that
should appeal to that point of view to
get rid of the death penalty so like one
of the things that was mentioned was the
cost right the cost of keeping people in
prison for life that's actually cheaper
than the death penalty because since we
get it wrong on the death penalty
unfortunately too often people get
appeals right and that's just something
that our justice system affords even if
you've not been sentenced to death you
still have the opportunity of appeal few
people want to eliminate that as
something that is part of our justice
system as a result of those appeals and
the backlog of death row inmates and
states that have the death penalty and
the lack of availability of the drugs
that will work in a what's called not
cruel and and not inhumane way it costs
more actually for the death penalty than
to just say we're putting someone in
prison without the possibility of parole
particularly because those parole
hearings also incur a cost so like if
your big thing is cost you should get
rid of the death penalty if your big
thing is for some crimes that are so
heinous we want the the worst possible
punishment for someone putting someone
to death and just turning out the lights
doesn't even really seem like the worst
punishment the worst punishment to me
seems the rest of your life all you see
is the inside of that prison cell so
like if your priority is and this it's
not
but if someone had the priority of I
want the worst possible punishment it's
not just ending it it's making someone
live with the reality that they
committed a terrible crime and now
they've got to sit and rot in a cell for
the rest of their lives so these are
just a couple examples I won't go on but
but my point is whatever your political
beliefs are if you have a more
libertarian point of view where you
think that the government should have as
little power as possible because you
don't think the government is good at
doing stuff well then that includes you
don't think the government is good at
figuring out who's innocent and guilty
and you don't want to give the
government the ultimate power of ending
people's lives so I think that's the
sort of main point whatever politics
appeal to any individual there are
really good reasons to be against the
death penalty and to speak to your point
I did I've got I put together a list of
some some facts going towards why it
makes sense to abolish the the death
penalty and one of those things that you
kind of spoke to will take California
for example is it they have the largest
death row in the country and they've
spent over 4 billion on the death
penalty since 1978 while carrying out
only 13 executions so in the in you know
that length of time they've spent 4
billion dollars on executing 13
individuals and that that to me that was
the one of the things that they struck
out to me first hand we're gonna get
into the the the cost of maybe making a
mistake and you know putting someone to
death it's innocent I've got those
statistics on too but let's start out
with with the cost thing Steve you you
came out at the beginning and said that
you wouldn't want to abolish it what's
your mind frame for that what's your
mindset yeah there's a couple there's a
couple points to be brought up one when
you're talking about the cost the most
cost her because of appeal process and
if this goes back to what Jamie's saying
of how we need every man three vamp the
whole system the system is flawed and
Dave I think make some wonderful points
when it comes to do we give the
empowerment to a specific group people
to make these decisions and from a focal
framework we can make those decisions
all the time we always have people that
make those decisions for us
doctors make the decisions of life and
death all the time so if there was a way
that Jemmy is saying by which we can
have some kind of accountability here
for what would be something that would
be determined to be death the death
penalty I'm okay with that but I think
the question that people are missing is
what form of Justice are we trying to
achieve here you have read you'd have
retributive justice you have restorative
justice distributive distributive
justice procedural justice what is the
goal that we're trying to get out of the
death penalty and I think that before we
even try to answer the questions if she
should abolish it or not as which one
are we looking at because I don't agree
for retribution we should have the death
penalty I know David had talked about
this on a video that he'd says that we
should not have the death penalty as
some type of retribution I agree I don't
think it's a very effective means for
retribution
but what about some of the other means
by which we would say this would be an
appropriate type of situation for the
fairness of society that given that most
of us are not committing these heinous
crimes this person did maybe under more
procedural type of justice or I hate to
say restorative because nothing's better
you can't bring back the life of a
person right we can say if I stole from
jammy restrictive lies sort of ways I
could be told I have to be more fun well
I don't know I'd see which retribution
or retributive justice is punitive and I
don't think that's a very effective
means by which we can address the topic
of the death penalty odd but I think
Jimmy has a point it just requires a lot
more sussing out than I think what kick
here to get into in a you know to our
hang out like this right yeah and if I
can before I like yeah I'm just gonna
clarify I don't my point
I don't ever think that it definitely
should be used for the purposes of an
ultimate you know retribution or
punishment in and I do well that's the
part of that 10-year prison thing is if
there's your ten years for appeal now I
get that my ten years is very just
thrown out there and put a dart on the
wall but it's just to get the
conversation going
well yeah thank you Steve for
recognizing that it needs to be
thoroughly thrush doubt not not not
simple
and I'm only David responded but before
I do Steve what is your view as someone
that doesn't think that we should watch
it completely what it what do you think
the the best course of Justice should be
in you know right we should be very
limited well should be very limited in
scope I think that it's showing be for
the worst heinous crimes but it should
be for the protection of society if I
know that Jamie is a sillier serial
killer and he's been executed there's
zero probability of him ever going out
and killing another person that's an
effective means by which to protect in
society that's the only reason why I
would say we would need the death
penalty because people have gone to jail
and they still commit murder
they still do crimes right I mean even
in the jail system so if you want to
protect society from somebody who does
not have these things like compassion or
empathy or even where we will consider
because a soul per se which I don't
believe in but we think that a like a
sociopath we'd say they don't they're
soulless right they don't care they have
no empathy toward anybody if that is a
person that exists then I have no
problem by saying we as a society can
end their life if it's beneficial to the
rest of the society ok David who gets to
determine if it's beneficial to the rest
of society
the people we put in charge for that
same or if we do with doctors there have
to be very stringent rules by which we
have these types of decisions being made
it wouldn't be your average smoker deli
obviously there's somebody that'd be
well-rounded allergy I'm not sure I
understand the analogy to doctors
because you mentioned that a couple
times maybe we could explore that a
little bit I mean I think you know
number one criminals don't choose to put
the justice system in charge of deciding
whether they get the death penalty or
get life in prison for example people
are consenting to have doctors treat
them right so that's that's kind of like
part of the it's part of the way
medicine works I guess we can come up
with some like very specific situations
where someone is brought into an
emergency room and they're
non-responsive and the doctor is sort of
deciding that it's an emergency room
we're going to treat someone but for the
