yesterday's White House press briefing
managed well first of all it was managed
not by press secretary Sarah Huckabee
Sanders but by her deputy the deputy
press secretary Raj Shah and it got off
to a very very fast start because after
the endless lies and the lies about
firings and hirings and the lies about
so much Associated Press reporter Zeke
Miller straight up said to rush as soon
as he turned it over for questions after
a couple minute comment why should we
believe anything that you tell us at
this point which is really a pretty
obvious question at this point seen as
very controversial and aggressive but
it's just sort of an obvious question
let's watch and most of what I'm most
interested in is the just laughable
response from Raj Shah here Zeke on
Thursday White House officials run out
of this stage and they said the
president would sign behind me this
legislation on Friday morning he
threatened to veto it awfully excited
ten days ago Sarah said that a charged
ambassador had to present confident
support would be leaving last Thursday
yeah it was advance that he would be
leaving the White House in about two and
a half weeks ago the president expressed
confidence in his attorneys and then
there's a bit of a shake-up there last
week so can you talk to speak to the
White House the credibility why should
we in this room and more important of
the American people trust anything this
administration's telling them well you
know our job is a press office and as an
administration is to give you the best
information that we have available to us
most accurate information in a timely
fashion
sometimes the dynamics are fluid in any
given situation you mentioned some
personnel matters facts and
circumstances changed we continue to
give you guys the best information that
we can as quickly as possible so good
for Zeke Miller right this is a good
question this is the type of question
that should be asked but the next step
if you've got to press them right Raj
Shahs answer is bogus unless the White
House press team is genuinely kept in
the dark about what is going on which is
possible in the Trump administration
anything is possible but it's sort of
hard to believe to say that they give
the most accurate information they have
at the time is obviously not believable
the White House press office hasn't been
in this level of disarray and disrepair
I would argue ever and it goes back to
the first day of this administration and
Sean Spicer who has done more to
embarrass and discredit the office of
the press secretary than any previous
press secretary and it started with his
day one pronouncement I call it the
belligerent pronouncement the coerced
pronouncement we now know by Donald
Trump that Donald Trump had the biggest
inauguration in the history of the
United States period end of story
Spicer started his tenure as White House
press secretary lying about the weather
on inauguration day something that
hundreds of thousands of people
personally experienced and millions more
watched on television and I also want to
point out that not just the lying but
the admitting to lying isn't that rare
in the administration we know that they
like Donald Trump recently admitted as I
covered that he lied to foreign leaders
including specifically Canadian Prime
Minister Justin Trudeau we covered it
when it happened Trump just making up
assertions out of thin air about trade
with Canada just made it up
hope Hicks Trump's former I guess like
her sixth or seventh who knows White
House communications director she
testified a few weeks ago that sometimes
she would lie to the press for president
Donald Trump
Kellyanne Conway concocting the
bowling-green Massacre to justify who
knows what depraved policy of Donald
Trump's that he was pushing at the time
some kind of wall or ban or travel ban
or whatever it was this is what they do
right so the answer to Zeke Miller's
question here is there is no reason why
anybody should trust any of these people
they should not be trusted and even
Trump came up once with the bogus live
just a demonstrable factual lie that he
had the biggest electoral victory in
history he was straight-up called out by
a reporter in person and just listen
Trump expressed no remorse he said I
well that's what somebody told me I
guess it was the biggest electoral
college win since Ronald Reagan
since Ronald Reagan with 300 or 306
electoral votes in fact President Obama
got 365 well I'm talking about
Republican President Obama 331 George HW
Bush 426 when he won as president so why
should Americans trust well no I was
told I was given that information I
don't I was just given we had a very
very big margin I guess I questioned why
should Americans trust you when you look
used the information they receive of
being fake when you're providing
information well I don't know I was
given that information actually I've
seen that information around yeah I was
thinking a lot of people aren't familiar
with that one but it's it's bad there is
only one way in which what Raj said is
true Shaw said that the press office
provides the most accurate information
at the time it's possible they have no
clue what's going on right they the
press office may genuinely have no
reason to think that HR McMaster and Rex
Tillerson are about to be fired even
almost as they are being fired because
they're not being told that it's going
on and that's the one other
interpretation of this and I don't know
whether that's true that would signal a
whole host of other problems going on
within the White House my baby maybe
it's something that we will someday
learn about but hey I wish there were
more follow-up but good for Zeke Miller
for asking the question we can only hope
there's more of this coming from the
press corps I'm on Twitter at D Pakman
show is on twitter at david pakman show
a quick break back after this normally
White House press secretaries know how
to lie in ways that are plausibly
deniable or open to interpretation White
House press secretary Sarah Huckabee
Sanders is now just concocting lies
whole cloth out of thin air you might
remember that yesterday we talked about
the census the 2020 census and I told
you that Wilbur Ross Secretary of
Commerce and his Commerce Department
announced that they are going to bring
back questions about citizenship in the
2020 census and I explained to you
yesterday this is going to hold down the
response rates of minorities they will
be undercounted this will have the net
result of shifting money away from some
of the large blue states with high
immigrant populations like California
and New York State it's gonna play
directly into the hands of Republican
gerrymandering and I also told you that
citizenship questions have not been on
the census since 1950 Sarah Huckabee
Sanders was asked yesterday about this
and she came up with the really specific
lie a totally demonstrable falsehood
that the citizenship question has been
on every census since 1965 other than
2010 what how did she come up with that
we have absolutely no idea here's the
video look this is a question that's
been included in every census since 1965
with the exception of 2010 when it was
removed this is we've contained this
question that's provided data that's
necessary for the Department of Justice
to protect voters and specifically to
help us better comply with the Voting
Rights Act which is something that is
important than a part of this process
and again this is something that has
been part of the census for decades and
something that the Department of
Commerce felt strongly needed to be
included again what is the point of
these briefings when it's just lies and
no real answers to the questions right
that this is transparently patently
absurd Lee false and now that sort of
that that's the big lie right the big
lie is no this has not been on every
census since 1965 other than 2010 this
has not been in the census at all since
1950 that was the big lie there is also
a smaller lie she even though that was
only like a 30-second answer she
actually told two major lies in that one
answer she also said something about the
reason we put that back in is that the
Commerce Department wanted to protect
voters and comply with the Voting Rights
Act that's also made up out of thin air
this is all based on a letter from the
DOJ headed by Jeff Sessions remember
asking that the census add the
citizenship question back in
on the basis of a recommendation from
John Gore John Gore was appointed by
Donald Trump and is best known for
Republican gerrymandering around the
country and that's the point of this
question being added to the census
earlier this week the first question to
the deputy press secretary was why
should we believe anything that you tell
us and I think that the first question
at every subsequent press briefing
should be Sara at the last press
briefing you told us x y&z all of which
were lies will you be telling lies today
and are you willing to clarify those
three lies from the last press briefing
that is how every single one of these
press briefings should be handled and I
hope that today someone says to her Sara
yesterday you said that the citizenship
question has been on every census in 65
other than 20 other than 2010 that
wasn't true can you tell us where you
got that information I hope that they
will ask her that today yeah see about
that there's also some low-hanging fruit
here which is that there was no census
in 1965 the source occurs every 10 years
in the years ending in a 0 like 2012 and
2020 and that was another survey but it
wasn't the census and we're sure that
there wasn't for some reason essentially
every year since 1790 every 10 3 10
years yeah listen that that is like a
tertiary lie at this point where it's
it's barely even registering and I don't
know if the unhinge degree to which
she's still telling these demonstrable
lies is because she sort of gets a kick
out of it I've said it it sort of looks
like she really likes bullying the press
corps and just I apologize for what
might seem as an unsavory comment but
sort of like throwing her weight around
not literally but figuratively or does
she feel like she's being bullied into
telling these lies by Trump or by
someone else I don't know but I'm
starting to get emails from people who
say they feel bad for Sarah Huckabee
Sanders I don't feel bad at all
she deserves to have her political
career destroyed for agreeing to
participate in this no one forced her to
take this job hopefully Sean Spicer's
career is over remains to be seen he may
just be on a sort of political break
until he does his next thing
but III understand how we might all feel
like some of these people are victims of
Donald Trump but she's one of the
perpetrators she may not be the top
perpetrator the perpetrator in chief but
she is a perpetrator here and I don't
feel bad for her whatsoever I think she
could be on her way out too I remember
in the last days of Sean Spicer we saw
less and less of him and more of Sarah
Huckabee Sanders yeah now it looks like
we're seeing more of Raj Shah than you
yeah I perhaps who I also think is an
absolute disaster and would bring a
whole new series of comedic press
briefings but yeah I think that she is
Trump has had at least two instances
major instances over the last month
where he's not been at all happy with
Sarah Huckabee Sanders and we'll see how
long her tenure is as White House press
secretary just making stuff up out of
thin air discuss this with us on our
subreddit at david pakman.com slash re d
di t next medical professor donald light
will join me to talk about
pharmaceutical industry myths looking
forward to that so Reuters is reporting
some potentially a pretty major news we
learned that North Korean leader Kim
jong-un went to China Sunday was there
until today earlier today they're there
12 13 hours ahead of us on a non
official visit and a picture of the two
leaders the chinese president g and kim
jeong-hoon from north korea has been
tweeted by a Chinese news agency Xinhua
news and this was reported originally
all by Chinese news and has since been
confirmed and as far as is known this is
the first time that Kim jong-un has left
North Korea since he took over power
about seven years ago in 2011 and
according to China while in China
President ji and North Korean leader Kim
jong-un have negotiated a pledge from
North Korea to denuclearize the Korean
Peninsula and you will soon see why that
language denuclearize the Korean
Peninsula
not just denuclearize North Korea
riah is very very relevant language for
what maybe in Kim Jong Un's mind here
that goes well beyond just being
semantics and this reportedly took place
during a meeting between the leaders of
the two countries and the immediate
reaction was this this must all be BS
but case in point Kim jong-un has not
left North Korea since taking power so
it's all unprecedented the fact that it
sounds hard to believe really shouldn't
tell us too much because we already know
that the trip in and of itself is sort
of historic at least in the context of
Kim Jong Un's reign in North Korea and
there is plenty of reason to be
skeptical right there's plenty of reason
to believe that Kim jong-un is thinking
of what we think of when we hear about
denuclearizing in the region but the
fact that this might be a thing is more
than enough reason to talk about it and
take it seriously
the real caveat here and I alluded to
this a couple minutes ago is that Kim
Jong hoon more than likely agreed to
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
in theory if all American troops leave
South Korea which just is not likely to
happen right this is potentially setting
up the United States to be blamed by Kim
jong-un for impeding denuclearization
because Kim jong-un now by saying hey
I'm I'm open to denuclearizing the
peninsula which includes two countries
North and South Korea what does that
mean in terms of how we should interpret
it well the United States military being
the military of a nuclear nation has a
saw a strong presence in South Korea so
what Kim jong-un I believe is
effectively saying here is I'm willing
to denuclearize North Korea if South
Korea is willing to denuclearize in the
sense of getting all military from
nuclear nations out of there meaning
United States troops have to go and it
just seems very difficult to think that
that's going to happen and in fact it's
very likely that this is an attempt not
not a stupid one by the way by Kim
jong-un to take the high ground pull
while he can because there's this window
here where it appears as though we are
going in the direction of talks that
will involve North and South Korea and
the United States potentially at the end
of May of this year just a couple of
months from now there's this window
right now where Kim can take the
political high ground and say I'm ready
to come to the table which by the way
he's always been willing to do he's
always been desperate to get to the same
table as an American president and I'm
willing conceptually in theory to agree
to denuclearize the peninsula which
would more than likely require the
United States to go they meet South
Korea and the u.s. and North Korea and
North Korea says hey we want peace and
stability let's have all nuclear powers
leave the peninsula we will denuclearize
in US troops must leave Trump overreacts
says no and then who knows what happens
and in the interim of course Donald
Trump completely predictably on Twitter
pushing this as sort of a victory
something unique that he has been able
to achieve tweeting this morning for
years and through many administrations
everyone said that peace and the
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
was not even a small possibility now
there is a good chance that Kim jong-un
will do what is right for his people and
for Humanity look forward to our meeting
and this is just the narrative is so
attractive to Trump he's so obsessed
with the idea as the sole and unique
Broker of progress in the region that he
if he even understands it is ignoring it
but more than likely doesn't know nor
care to understand that when Kim talks
about the denuclearization of the
peninsula he's talking about Trump
pulling troops and he likes the
narrative Trump does of hey I was
elected all of a sudden Kim jong-un
might do what is right it is more than
likely that Kim jong-un is at least on
the path of playing Donald Trump here
and of course Trump's not just not
knowledgeable enough to understand what
it is that Kim jong-un means by the
denuclearization of the peninsula
yeah presidents always take and receive
credit for favorable world events even
if they had little to nothing to do with
it
right and but I think if you if there
was an exchange where Trump is obnoxious
but North Korea decides to denuclearize
and it turns out the whole peninsula
decides the new denuclearize that's good
for us I think in the end uh I mean I
guess I don't know it's just that that
would include Trump saying yeah we'll
pull all of our troops more than likely
and and that's just not gonna happen
last night I decided to turn on the TV
for a few minutes I basically don't
watch news shows or political shows I've
talked about this before I've always got
like some Netflix shows that I'm
watching and yesterday I watched what
did I watch I watched an episode of
hostages great Israeli show finished
watching that an episode of that with my
girlfriend and I said let's just see
what's happening in the news right like
what's happening on Fox News what's
happening on MSNBC what's happening on
CNN I turn to CNN which by and large has
been doing a mix of good reporting on
the Trump administration combined with
some salacious stuff that's less
relevant certainly a much better option
than Fox News for sure and I see
Anderson Cooper who recently interviewed
stormy Daniels on 60 minutes sitting at
his news desk with legal analyst Jeffrey
Toobin Michael avenatti who's the lawyer
for adult film actress stormy Daniels as
well as the lawyer for Trump's lawyer so
Trump has a lawyer Michael Cohen Michael
Cohen is in such hot water now as a
result of the stormy Daniels thing and
the non-disclosures that he has retained
a lawyer named David Schwartz as I told
you before
Trump's lawyer has not lawyer DUP here
because of the trouble that that he
believes Trump is in he's lawyered up
because he potentially is in trouble
tells us how bad things are going this
was one of the most embarrassing and
pointless nearly half-hour segments that
I have ever seen on corporate media to
lawyers yelling at each other the way
they might do 30 seconds before turning
to fisticuffs in a bar right Michael
Cohen's lawyer David Schwartz is on the
most fundamental level a complete and
total embarrassment his mere presence on
the network is shameful stormy Daniels
attorney Michael avenatti he's known as
this really savvy legal operator
