[Music]
the david pakman show at david
pakman.com it has been a long time since
I've been this disgusted with those
voters who insisted that there was no
difference between Donald Trump and
Hillary Clinton
I'm always disgusted with the Trump
voters that's that's a mainstay that's
nothing new but there were people people
on the Left ostensibly
who said in practical terms there's just
no difference between Trump and Hillary
a vote for Trump a vote for Hillary it's
all the same because whichever one of
them wins doesn't really make a
difference in our lives for our children
for our grandchildren they are both
representatives of maintaining the Toxic
status quo of corporatism and vulture
capitalism and so on and so forth there
was even a movement a movement called
Bernie or bust where lots of people felt
this way Trump and Hillary were both
tools of the corporate political status
quo and if it's not going to be Bernie
it doesn't matter some of them didn't
vote some of them voted third-party some
of them voted for Trump as a sort of
protest vote that idea and I'm not going
after the Bernie er Buster's
specifically here but the idea that
there is no practical consequence to
Hillary versus Trump has blown up in our
faces
yet again as Donald Trump is going to
get to select another Supreme Court
justice because Anthony Kennedy is going
to retire and is going to now by virtue
of this Trump will be able to influence
the future of the United States for at
least a generation including possibly
the repeal of roe v wade but Trump and
Hillary were going to be the same it
didn't matter
which of them won I told you earlier in
the week that the Supreme Court punted
on a couple of key decisions one
involving an anti-gay florist in
Washington State another involving
believe it was redistricting in
and I mentioned you know Anthony Kennedy
is going to turn 82 very soon courts
will sometimes the Supreme Court will
sometimes four go big precedent setting
decisions when there's a justice that's
close to retirement and exactly as
alluded to Anthony Kennedy has announced
he's going to step down from the court
at the end of July and everything that
any sensible progressive holds dear that
the court has influence on is on the
table at this point this is no longer
replacing a conservative justice with
another conservative justice this is
taking a moderate votes Anthony Kennedy
a justice who voted for same-sex
marriage who has voted for access to
abortions for affirmative action he is
out and he is going to be replaced with
a vile conservative ideologue the reason
we know that is because that's what
Donald Trump said Donald Trump said
before he was even elected what his
philosophy would be for appointing
justices to the Supreme Court and once
Trump selects one of those conservative
justices from whatever list he's working
off of at this point it will be one of
the most massively pro-corporate Supreme
Court's in history could be the end of
roe v-- wade could be the end to the
federal right to abortion and you will
see many states ban abortion altogether
Jeffrey Toobin has talked about this I
don't think we're gonna get to it today
but maybe tomorrow we can talk about
that and once this happens you're
talking about a return to the dark ages
and I think it is really important not
to be hyperbolic we are very careful Pat
to not make analogies to Nazism when
there is not really an analogy to be
made it's important to say to not say
this is the worst it's ever been if
that's not actually true we don't want
to be hyperbolic but what we are seeing
here is a decided move backwards away
from the tenets of modern Western
democracies and Donald Trump's selection
of an extreme lunatic religious right
ideal likely religious right ideologue
is going to be part of that yeah this is
really bad instead of having four
liberal justices and four conservative
justice with a mod
in the middle yeah now you're gonna have
a five-to-four conservative stronghold
the only thing worse I think is if you
know Ruth Bader Ginsburg or Stephen
Breyer or to retire or I'll go on to be
morbid but yeah I think that would be
the only thing that would you know
surpass this right what will surpass how
bad this is is when Trump gets a third
pick right that's basically what the
silver lining is there's more damage to
be done and the primary blame for this
is actual Trump supporters but behind
them are the people who didn't think
there was enough of a difference between
Trump and Hillary to justify getting out
to the polls in November of 2016 and
unless the Senate flips in November and
unless we get Trump out in 2020 unless
the next democratic administration
whenever it happens we don't know when
that'll be
puts together a serious and concerted
court packing plan the right has
co-opted of the Supreme Court
potentially for decades the untold
damage that Donald Trump is gonna do to
this country beyond his own life right
like now Donald Trump is setting in
stone damage to the United States of
America that will extend beyond his own
lifetime I hope that the Democrats in
the Senate are ready to put up a fight I
don't know if they are I wonder whether
Supreme Court justice Jeanine Pirro come
forth come I honestly I know it sounds
absolutely ridiculous I know Jeanine
Pirro wasn't on the Heritage Foundation
list of approved names for Trump but I
would not at this point put it past him
to consider not literally Jeanine Pirro
but something as ludicrous and
cartoonish he floated the idea of
putting Judge Napolitano on the Supreme
Court and he's another Fox News guy so
it's not outside of the realm of
possibility and if you're waiting for
Democrats to grow a backbone on this
I'll remind you that they may not and
even if they did they may not be able to
do anything because Neil Gorsuch is only
on the court because Republicans refused
to hold hearings for Merrick garland
during President Obama's last term in
office they said well we're only a year
from the presidential election we want
the voters to have a say before we make
hugely significant consequential
decisions about the Supreme Court and
Republicans won and Democrats I believe
need to play hardball there are just a
few months left until the midterm
elections why would we have confirmation
hearings for a Supreme Court justice
when in a few months
Democrats could take over the House and
Senate and completely change the caliber
and tone of American politics for the
two years that will follow
I implore Democrats to say and do
anything they can to prevent this from
going forward before the midterms
because if you replace Anthony Kennedy
with a hardcore conservative you know
what happens John Roberts becomes your
swing vote John Roberts is no moderate
and he becomes the swing vote when you
replace Anthony Kennedy with an
extraordinarily ideological right-wing
conservative what do Dems do hate to
warn you but most likely the next to
retire is going to be Ruth Bader
Ginsburg then you're talking about an
even bigger conservative majority and
elections matter whether you're a Bernie
or buster or a Trump and Hillary are the
same or my vote doesn't matter so I
don't vote whatever right you are a part
of the problem in addition to of course
the massive problem of 60 plus million
people voting for Donald Trump which is
the primary problem you're the root of
the problem if you're at rumpus you
didn't help if you thought Trump and
Hillary would have been the same and
I've been debating whether or not to
talk about this Pat we talked about it a
little bit in the studio yesterday I've
never been one of these people who says
I'll move to Canada um partially because
I know it's hard to move to Canada but
whatever the proverbial I'll move to
Canada the authoritarian slide the
attacks on press freedom what we are
going to see as out-and-out abortion
bans in many states after Trump makes
this change on the Supreme Court I've
started to think about what options I
have yeah and at least you have some
options right you go to Israel go to
Argentina maybe I've been Poland I don't
have any of those you're lucky in that
yeah if anybody can help Pat with a
place to go if anybody can offer Pat a
passport somewhere so that he would have
an option please write in and let me
know it's gonna get really really bad in
the United States activists have started
protesting Donald Trump staffers and
cabinet members I told you last week
about Department of Homeland Security
Secretary Kerstin Nielsen who
was heckled at a Mexican restaurant by
protesters later active it not later the
same day but later in the week earlier
this week more protesters showed up at
her house and had speakers playing audio
of migrant children crying at the border
as they were being separated from their
parents trump's completely loony advisor
Stephen Miller was heckled at a
different Mexican restaurant Sara
Huckabee Sanders was asked to leave a
restaurant in Virginia this is not
violence of any kind this is legal and
still there are people who have a
problem with it even Pat actually has
said that he sort of has a problem with
it as he said earlier this week there
are people saying we must be activists
but we must at all times remain
completely civil I want to give you a
little context about that idea Cooney
professor and historian Angus Johnston
found some articles from the New York
Times from 1934 okay and the articles
were by a Quaker named Henry Cadbury
and Henry Cadbury didn't like the
conflict that was taking place between
Jews and Nazis so he wrote an article
urging goodwill by Jews for the Nazis
and the argument that was being made at
the time was that the resistance of the
Nazis by Jews is just going to make
things even worse for everyone folks
know just know this is not going to work
Trump is about to appoint a Supreme
Court justice that could repeal roe v
wade and set off a chain reaction of up
to 20 states that will ban abortion
period this is not the time for signing
petitions posting flyers
and making phone calls this is the time
for action and I'm not saying violence
someone called in last week and said hey
David what do you think about an Tifa
burning down the child internment camps
as a form of protest and I said well no
first of all there would be kids inside
why would you burn down the place with
the kids if we're trying to protect the
kids but I'm not saying violence I am
saying the shaming and the taking up a
notch
of these public embarrassment campaigns
of these individuals when people and our
basic societal institutions are under
attack expressing outrage is the right
thing to do and making the people
responsible for carrying the policies
out uncomfortable is your duty never
mind
something that is acceptable don't do it
in a counterproductive way right if 20
years from now though the atour the the
authoritarian slide has become
institutionalized legal authoritarianism
and abortion is banned and same-sex
marriage is somehow repealed and
corporate power is given even more of a
foothold as a result of the Supreme
Court are you going to be satisfied that
you called up your representative and
you said hey message for Elizabeth
Warren's office please oppose Donald
Trump's nominee is that going to be
enough for you to feel like you did
everything you could I know that I
wouldn't Pat and I know that there are
many people in the audience who wouldn't
feel like they did enough either and the
problem is that in many societies
violence is allowed only top down those
in power can inflict violence on others
law enforcement at the border the
Supreme Court on women by banning
abortion or whatever other policy soon
as it goes the other way it's a big
problem I mean there's an example look
at what the forces of power did about
some football players silently kneeling
during the national anthem so we know
that top-down political violence is
acceptable as soon as you try to reverse
it things get real very very quickly so
the understanding that we have to have
is that there might be arrests and there
might be trouble and it's going to come
down to how willing are we to fight for
what we know is right remember when we
were saying that the Democrats should
shut down the Senate until Merrick
garland gets confirmed that didn't
happen and this is why it matters
because now Trump got Yael Gorsuch and
now Trump gets to replace Anthony
Kennedy and this is why the calls for
civility from those in power who have a
lot to lose if people realize how
outraged they should actually be are
hypocritical and they should be ignored
and there's a choice to make
okay we can say I'll live my life I'll
try to take a vacation when I can afford
it I'll go to the movies I'll play a
video game I'll read a book I'll learn
the ins and outs of vegan cooking
whatever right and wait for it to go
away before you know it what might have
gone away are not the problems but the
foundations of our society that you take
for granted while you sit there and read
your book if that book is even even
still allowed right because that's also
not a guarantee if you're with me let's
work together to figure out how to fight
this stuff we've got to do more than
just write letters to members of
Congress I applaud the people who are
coming up with new ideas who have been
reaching out to me and in the mat
background you've got to support
independent media right because there is
a three-pronged attack on independent
progressive media and if we don't
survive I don't know what we'll have
left because you're not gonna have
corporate media and you're barely gonna
have the internet with the net
neutrality repeal let's brainstorm
together what we can do I'm on Twitter
at depatment we'll take a quick break
and be back after this the david pakman
show at david pakman.com
[Music]
[Music]
the david pakman show at david
pakman.com big thank yous going out
today William Hooper not sure if you go
by Bill Bill Hooper William Hooper
William bill thank you thank you both
for being David Pakman show members
membership is the primary funding source
for our show we're talking about what is
effectively a constitutional crisis and
a crisis of separation of powers that
we're dealing with we've got to support
progressive independent media William is
doing it Teresa Bryden also as today's
new member a Hall of Fame new member
she's been with us almost six years six
years of membership for Teresa joined
bill and Teresa @ww June pakman.com 40%
coupon code is available it's vote soon
18 I don't care how much you contribute
whether it's a dollar on patreon or a $6
a month membership or a discounted
membership anything you can contribute
is money that says we understand the
crisis that our country is in and we're
willing to do more to try to push back
against it ww join pakman.com ok we've
got nearly 7,000 of our viewers and
listeners now regularly participating on
our subreddit a subreddit is like a
discussion forum except instead of
living on our website it's on Reddit you
can access it by going to david
pakman.com slash re d di t some
interesting discussions that started in
the last couple of days that i noticed
this morning that i want to point to
here is one I emphatically support
David's opinion regarding people shaming
Trump cabinet members non-violently in
public settings the only thing necessary
for evil to triumph is for good men to
do nothing voting them out takes time
protest is what we can do now are you
feeling Pat at all influenced by what
has happened in the last 48 hours to say
you know what maybe the public shame
campaigns are a good thing well to be
clear I'm all for protesting I'm all for
being aggressive I just
don't think that we should intimidate
people harass people you know deny them
service go to people's homes I think
there's a middle ground between these
two positions if would your mind be
changed if an elected official was
advocating for the death penalty without
trial of political opponents would it
then be okay to go to people's houses
and play sound of kids crying and bother
them at restaurants yeah I mean I like
the sounds of kids crying I think that's
an effective strategy to protest but I
guess I mean is would you feel
differently if you felt that the problem
was more serious if there could be a
place where the Trump administration is
doing something that goes too far right
and then it would maybe it's a matter of
drawing a line so in reality you
actually aren't opposed to the tactics
you just don't think it's gotten bad
enough to warrant the tactics at this
time I'll go with that for now Wow that
may be even scarier prepare for a flood
of hate mail for producer Patrick Ford
or maybe people agreeing with him maybe
people agree with that okay also from
the David Pakman show subreddit YouTube
introduces channel memberships
merchandise and premieres yeah we are
part of the YouTube sponsor beta and
what YouTube has determined is that they
are going to keep YouTube's sponsorship
but they're gonna rename it as a channel
membership so it's gonna be the exact
same thing if you currently are a
YouTube sponsor for $4.99 a month you
will just be grandfathered in to the
channel membership program I people
already started emailing me Pat saying
wait I became a youtube sponsor now
YouTube sponsorship is getting canceled
and I've got to sign up for this other
thing called the channel membership and
the answer is no no it is the same thing
it's just a name change that's all so
don't worry too much about it
also from the david pakman show
subreddit if you could travel back in
time to post World War 1 Germany and
your mission was to stop fascism from
rising how would you do it you know very
often people say I'd kill Hitler but I
have a different approach what about
just taking Hitler and putting him in a
particularly because the focus is on not
using violence as the thread starter
since bonus points for not using
violence put Hitler in a more nurturing
environment which would probably have
prevented him from doing what he
ultimately did get him into that
school he was rejected from that's exact
or sophistries that's exactly right and
sometimes we have this idea of history
as this we look back at history as if
this was the only and inevitable course
just by sheer math if you think about
three of the major sort of dictators of
the 20th century in Mao Hitler and
Mussolini there's a 50/50 chance of a
child being born a woman versus being
born a man roughly speaking it's not
exactly 50/50 but it's close enough that
means that the odds of Mao Hitler and
Mussolini all being born men is about
12.5% that means that there was an 80
7.5 percent chance that one of those
