just one day after calling kim
jeong-hoon
smart funny and a great person Donald
Trump is so upset with Canadian Prime
Minister Justin Trudeau that he's now
going to be punishing the people of
Canada Trump was interviewed by George
Stephanopoulos in the this was the same
interview we'll talk about later where
Trump ascribed to himself one of the
greatest human memories of all time
which was why he didn't need to take any
notes during that meeting with Kim
jong-un during the same interview Trump
said that he is just so displeased with
Justin Trudeau's recent press conference
that he is going to make it cost a lot
of money for the people of Canada he
learned you can't do that you can't do
that said Trump speaking about Justin
Trudeau we have simultaneously direct
threats to the people of one of our
great allies Canada and compliments all
around for a brutal dictator Kim jong-un
who has his own family members murdered
in cold blood what does this do for the
prospects of renegotiating NAFTA which
Trump has campaigned on it's not gonna
help what does this do for Trump
standing for Trump sort of position
within the g7 which was already pretty
touch-and-go doesn't help and it's not
even totally clear what set Trump off
about the Trudeau press conference
Trudeau has been critical of the steel
and aluminum tariffs he said that Canada
isn't gonna be pushed around by Trump
but that's not an insult right it's it's
just saying we are a country and we can
make decisions and we're not going to be
pushed around it's notable only if the
assumption is Trump should be expected
to be allowed to push anybody who he
wants to push around around and I was
talking to some Canadian friends who
said yeah listen I don't agree with what
is being said by Donald Trump here but
this is great for Justin Trudeau and I
looked into the approval ratings for
Trudeau and as of just a couple of
months ago Justin Trudeau's party had
only a 44% approval which for Trump
would be a record high but for Trudeau
is actually quite low and Trump
attacking Trudeau and threatening
Canadians is actually a gift to
Trudeau's reelection chance
and I don't know if that's actually
welcomed by Trudeau or now I don't know
if he's aware of it but he has now set
up Justin Trudeau to not give an inch on
trade deals and to have Canadians still
support him and doing it right
if Trump hadn't attacked Trudeau and the
Canadian people Trudeau would actually
take some flak for resisting
renegotiating a trade deal or signing a
trade deal or whatever Canadians now are
gonna stand behind the guy even if in
the short term he makes decisions that
might not be the best decisions for
Canada Canadians are going to be
increasingly willing to say you know
what Trump went after him Trump went
after us and we stand behind Justin
Trudeau holding firm here because we
don't want him to be pushed around I
don't know what the future is of
Canadian US relations but what I do know
is that the contrast between how Trump
is treating Kim jong-un and treating
Justin Trudeau is unimaginable would
have been unimaginable a year ago two to
three years ago and I think that this is
probably a good thing for Trudeau yeah
my sense is that this will certainly
backfire on Trump because Canadians seem
a lot more liberal than us here in the
United States and what Trump is really
saying is that Trudeau doesn't care
about his own people so much because
he's going to let them be victims of a
trade war sure contrast that to what he
said about Kim jong-un at the summit
which is that Kim loves his own people
you can't really make that argument when
the guy has gulags his killing his own
people the guy who's killing his own
family members
forcing famine and starvation upon his
own people and running one of the most
brutal totalitarian regimes according to
trump loves his people but Justin
Trudeau apparently is indifferent to the
Canadian people because he quote
insulted Trump
I guess merely by saying he's not going
to be pushed around this is a new era of
American diplomacy even though you can't
really call it that and geopolitics and
consider once again right this is what I
keep going back to the contrast between
our relationship with Canada and North
Korea Canada has teams in our sports
leagues North Korea sent otto warmbier
back to us in a coma
and Trump is friendlier over the last
week with Kim jong-un than he is with
Justin Trudeau Trudeau might actually
get more respect from Trump if he
decided to start developing nukes
forcing starvation upon the Canadian
people and having his uncle murdered or
something like that because that's what
Kim jong-un has done and it's getting
compliments for Trump it is the era of
the United States of America embracing
North Korea and Russia and Turkey while
seemingly deliberately ruining our
relationships with the European Union
and Canada and Mexico I guess this is
what they meant by Trump would be an
unconventional president or something is
that what we can say yeah it just seems
like he's taking all these positive
relationships with Canada with it you
for granted which you can never do right
you can never lay off the gas I think
Trump aswer argue though that you have
to keep your friends close and your
enemies closer that's apparently what
he's doing now they would argue that now
because it can be used to defend what
Trump is doing they would not have
argued that under Obama or under
Democratic presidents that's for sure
send me your thoughts and my question is
and this is not a rhetorical question
what the hell is going on that's my
question I'm on Twitter at D Pakman the
show is on Twitter at David Pakman show
and I look forward to hearing from you
with with some analysis as to how to
interpret what we're seeing at this time
I have both exciting and sad news and
it's the same news and it really depends
on your perspective
Sarah Huckabee Sanders Donald Trump's
latest press secretary is going to be
leaving the administration by the end of
the year not the most vile member as
I've said before just because she lies
constantly but because she seems to
truly relish her belligerent lying and
manipulation of the press corps and
she's one of the most visible members of
the Trump administration and she's going
to be quitting according to a CBS News
report that by the end of the year
Sarah Huckabee Sanders will be gone and
this is a major blow to Donald Trump
first of all it's a major blow because
she's one of the main liars in his
administration one of the most public
facing distorter --zz for this
administration is Sarah Huckabee Sanders
and
she's there to try to sort of soften
Trump's public missteps but this is also
big news because it's yet another major
staffer quitting and you might say well
David that's no big deal
Sarah Huckabee Sanders leaves they'll
just promote deputy press secretary Raj
Shah to the secretary position
unfortunately Raj Shah is also going to
be quitting according to that same CBS
news report he hasn't picked an exact
date but he will also be going bye-bye
this is the continued implosion of the
Trump administration and Sarah Huckabee
Sanders she actually didn't negate the
truth of the report she just said she
hasn't said anything like that she
tweeted yesterday after the CBS story
broke quote the CBS News know something
I don't about my plans in my future I
was at my daughter's year-end
kindergarten event and they ran a story
about my plans to leave the White House
without even talking to me I love my job
and am honored to work for the President
of the United States nothing in that is
a denial right she's not denying that
she's quitting she's simply saying she
hasn't been asked about it for the
report arguably they didn't need to
because she probably blabbed to so many
people at the White House that she's
leaving that it got leaked to CBS and
then they're reporting on it it's
possible that she's quitting because she
realized that her non-stop public lying
is both immoral and not good for the
country I don't think it's particularly
likely I think that it's something she's
just sick of the schedule or it's time
for her to move on I know she has at
least one young kid maybe two I don't
think it's any kind of grand realization
that she's been participating in the
takedown of American ethics for months
by her participation here I think she's
just sick of it he just realizes it's
time to go but it would be surprised if
she decided to stick around for a
January in February of 2019 yeah just
despite CBS to call them fake news who
will take the job that's a question I
have right because this is really a
position that has not been great for the
people that have done it Sean Spicer
his first day on the job the day Donald
Trump was inaugurated Sean Spicer
embarrassing himself by going out there
and lying about it was the biggest
inauguration crowd ever and it wasn't
he left Sarah Huckabee Sanders came in
she was able to pick up smoothly when
she took over for Sean Spicer and I was
thinking that she lies so much we can't
even trust her to tell the truth about
her quitting right she could be walking
across the White House lawn carrying
boxes of her stuff and she might say
fake news as a real problem and reports
have been misleading like she we can't
actually trust her to tell us the truth
about whether she's going to be quitting
or not we're just gonna have to wait and
see yeah I remember Sean Spicer strategy
was always apologetics and making the
story about him right messing up so
badly at the job that he took the focus
off of Trump for a second Sarah Huckabee
Sanders more obfuscation yeah not
answering questions so I don't know who
the new press secretary will be but I'm
sure we'll grow to love them too I would
love to actually see Sean Hannity become
the press secretary because Owens or
Candace Owens yes that would actually be
even more interesting and the most
interesting thing here is not about
another major staffer quitting that's to
be expected it's been an administration
that has a real problem with that for me
it's the role of the press secretary
right I understand that the job of press
secretary is you've got to put the best
possible spin on what the White House is
doing you make everything seem planned
and sober and well-thought-out
if you're defending an administration's
agenda and that's your job there will be
some distortion there will be some
debunk talking points but Sarah Huckabee
Sanders is sort of a special case for me
in that she has this ability to brazenly
and proactively cover up what Trump has
done and said through demonstrable lies
and deception she should be ashamed of
herself
based on her participation in this the
way I hope Sean Spicer is neither of
them realistically is actually
embarrassed by their behavior but this
is an administration that has set such a
low bar for press secretaries that I
hope that the I was just following
orders I was just doing my job excuse
will not be allowed to excuse their
behavior in the future because it has
set a truly new low standard it's a
pond-scum standard for what has been a
position that yes they do get involved
in the talking points and the rep
tition but not in this brazen and
proactive way send me your thoughts
david pakman.com slash re d di t quick
break back after this let's talk about
what's going on in Canada and in
Singapore before flying to Singapore for
today / tomorrow depending on which time
zone we're thinking of today / tomorrow
summit with North Korean leader Kim
jong-un Donald Trump stopped in Canada
for a g7 meeting it was previously the
g8 Russia of course no longer part of it
so it's the g7 Trump wants Russia back
in we'll talk about that separately
every aspect of Donald Trump's presence
was an embarrassment to the United
States there's really no other way to
say it trump showed up late he insulted
a variety of world leaders and left
early later sending subsequent insulting
tweets one such tweet about Canadian
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau Donald
Trump saying Prime Minister Justin
Trudeau of Canada acted so meek and mild
during our g7 meetings only to give a
news conference after I left saying that
u.s. tariffs were kind of insulting and
he will not be pushed around very
dishonest and weak our tariffs are in
response to his of two hundred seventy
percent on dairy Trump then gave a
bizarre rambling press conference that
was completely incoherent during which
he slammed CNN as fake news and said all
sorts of other things that made
absolutely no sense and then upon
leaving on his way to Singapore he
tweeted that he disagrees with the
communique that was sent out wrapping up
the entire summit saying quote based on
Justin's referring to Justin Trudeau
based on Justin's false statements at
his news conference and the fact that
Canada is charging massive tariffs to
our US farmers workers and companies I
have instructed our US representatives
not to endorse the communique as we look
at tariffs on automobiles flooding the
US market he claimed that our
relationship with allies is a 10 and yet
he's sending out insulting tweets about
our allies and then most interestingly
just in terms of the like the
flavor and color of the thing the
pictures that have been released are
truly embarrassing I mean really
indicative of a total and utter cuckold
REE check out pictures of Trump during
the summit versus Obama during a recent
similar summit you see at the top of
your screen Donald President Obama
rather in control in command clearly
respected as appear by other world
leaders and at the bottom of the screen
you see this picture of German
Chancellor Angela Merkel looking like
she's indignantly lecturing the little
kid at the table who won't eat his
broccoli meaning Donald Trump himself
and hilariously Donald Trump is known
for these handshake games that he plays
to sort of assert dominance whether it's
with Japanese leader Shinzo Abe a or
many others he tries to kind of jerk
them around with his handshake and
French President Emmanuel macron
dominating Trump in the first picture
I'm showing our video audience you see
Donald Trump clearly not in control of
the handshake you see a manual McCrone
with quite a grip there on Donald
Trump's right hand and then in a
close-up of Donald Trump's hand taken
immediately after this you can actually
see the thumbprint and the print from
the Crone's fourth and fifth fingers on
Trump's hand this was just moments after
the handshake and I mentioned this last
thing I get that it's sort of a goof
handshake games are really stupid but
they're important to Trump and by his
own standards of what's important he
clearly lost the game to Emmanuel macron
but handshakes aside another
embarrassing appearance by Trump
willfully ignorant bragging about not
preparing for negotiations with Kim
jong-un the world moving ahead without
the United States and there are trumpets
that are reveling in this as if it's
Trump putting America first not taking
crap from world leaders it is abundantly
clear that the u.s. is just being
excluded and is not seen as the player
it once was on the world stage and if
you don't mind that then congratulations
I guess by some harebrained logic Donald
Trump is winning but the United States
is increasingly not a player in world
climate change discussions and why would
be--that's by Chuck Trump's choice
the dynamics of the g7 in Canada
confirmed that while Trump arriving late
was disrespectful and an inconvenience
his presence was also a bother and an
inconvenience to the adults in the room
including very clearly German Chancellor
Angela Merkel realistically the new
leader of the free world as well as the
leaders of Japan and France and Canada
and the u.s. is being relegated to a
lower tier in the context of
international leadership period if
you're at rumpus then you see that as
winning well then yeah I guess Donald
Trump is winning but by any sensible
assessment the United States has been
taken down several notches on the world
stage and the world is laughing at us
right and the cherry on top which is
what I want to discuss in more depth
next is the the shrapnel that came from
this diplomatic abortion ended with
Donald Trump threatening to end all
trade with American allies let's talk
about that next
if there is one statement that Donald
Trump made in and around the g7 summit
in Canada that stands out as
particularly outrageous especially
ignorant it's his threat to end all
trade with American allies period
leaving the g7 summit Donald Trump said
the United States might end all trade
with some of our closest allies if they
don't do what Trump wants and also told
the leaders of Britain France Germany
Japan Canada and Italy that there should
be no tariffs period between them and
the United States let's break this down
it is either stunning ignorance or an
empty threat let's assume for a moment
that it's not an empty threat that Trump
really is thinking of doing this and
he's ignorant to the repercussions let's
explore what that might be like
specialization okay the idea that
countries are better off not making
everything themselves that they use but
making some things and importing out
others okay this is a basic fundamental
tenet of economics there is a major
debate over trade policy there's debate
over tariffs over import-export policy
over economic isolationism about finding
the right balance for lots of economic
factors but the idea that countries are
better off
doing some trade with other countries at
least to some degree it's a really old
idea and it's not a controversial
economic idea at all the controversy
comes in when you want to start
considering ok well can we build a trade
policy that although it might make
products cheaper in our country it might
also leave our own workers with lower
wages right it starts to get complex and
it starts to get into gray area and I
apologize for punching the mic I'm just
so invigorated by this conversation that
we're having these are complex economic
issues but the concept of specialized
and trade to some extent is a tenet of
modern Western democratic economies
period and Trump's threat to end trade
with our allies is as dangerous as it is
ignorant so let's talk about Trump's
ultimatum Trump's ultimatum is remove
all tariffs or we might stop trading
with you altogether there are advocates
of totally free trade right and and if
you want to take Trump's belligerents
and kind of like ascribe some policy to
it the policy is totally free trade and
there is a major debate to be had over
free trade the problem is that Moke most
people who claim to want free trade
don't really want it they want a version
of so-called free trade that benefits
them but they still want subsidies and
tariffs where it benefits them as well
and there are almost no true advocates
