[Music]
the david pakman show at david
pakman.com so last week we had this
hearing where Donald Trump Supreme Court
nominee Brett Kavanaugh and his first of
many sexual assault accusers Christine
Blasi Ford were questioned by senators
sort of Christine Blasi Ford was
actually questioned by a sexual assault
prosecutor and then was also asked some
questions by Democratic senators
Kavanagh was questioned mostly by
Democratic senators a couple Republican
senators allowed the sex assault
prosecutor to ask him questions and then
with absolutely no explanation
whatsoever after a couple of Republican
senators had delegated their time to the
prosecutor she disappeared and then it
was just glowing remarks and really
tough questions like do you swear to god
you didn't sexually assault a woman were
what we saw from Republican senators
Christine Blasi Ford was calm and direct
and clear Brett Kavanaugh was erratic
unhinged out-of-control yelling ignition
Dignan but also contradictory up
Cavanaugh was boxed into corners
figuratively metaphorically multiple
times about whether he had blacked out
from drinking alcohol but since senators
had only five minutes with him the clock
kept running out as for example senator
Cory Booker made significant headway to
pointing out that the guy's clearly a
liar as senator Blumenthal from
Connecticut made headway and started to
expose Cavanaugh's lies on the matter
and then Republican Senator Lindsey
Graham shows up with the completely
out-of-this-world rant about these
hearings being the most unfair thing
he's ever seen done in politics ever
including to a Supreme Court nominee
which of course borne no connection
whatsoever to the real war
to the facts on the ground but most
importantly Christine Blasi Ford
answered questions and Brett Kavanaugh
avoided answering questions Vox actually
has an interesting graphic which we're
showing our television audience where
they visually show blue for answers and
red for non answers as you can see here
the top graph is Brett Kavanaugh a lot
of red a lot of non answers and then
Christine Blasi Ford answering every
question that was asked for her when it
comes to questions about investigations
Christine Blasi Ford said yes time and
again that she supports an FBI
investigation into her claims Cavanaugh
played coy saying things like I will do
what the committee wants and that an FBI
investigation won't show anything
definitive anyway but still not saying
yeah do an FBI investigation yeah and at
one point dick Durbin asked Kavanaugh
but personally do you want an FBI
investigation
I mean I'd imagine if you're falsely
accused on this this is tough on you and
you want to exonerate yourself yeah and
he just paused for 5-10 seconds he
didn't have an answer to that one and I
think he repeated one of his other
things like the four witnesses in the
room said it didn't happen or one of
these other things that he kept going
back to so let's think for a moment if
Christine Blasi Ford had comported
herself like Brett Kavanaugh did she
would have been called and out of
control not credible hysterical woman on
the basis of her behavior after the
hearings we heard that Republican Jeff
Flake big hero is calling for a delay to
Cavanaugh's confirmation vote so that
there can actually be an investigation
it seemed as though Wow Jeff Flake
standing up here doing the right thing
Republican senator Lisa Murkowski saying
she supports the delay for this
investigation
senators Jeff Flake and Chris Coons who
called for the investigation saying in
an interview last night that if any
lying is uncovered by Brett Kavanaugh in
this investigation that that's it that's
it for his nomination and that this
matters and that it's really important
that this is done that's all great
unfortunately the investigation
and may always have have meant have been
meant to be a total sham controlled by
the White House the FBI has a week to do
this so-called investigation they're not
allowed to investigate the claims of one
of the accusers Julie sweat Nick Trump
is claiming that the FBI can do
absolutely whatever it wants he tweeted
the other day NBC news incorrectly
reported as usual that I was limiting
the FBI investigation of judge Kavanaugh
and witnesses only to certain people
actually I want them to interview
whoever they deem appropriate at their
discretion please correct your reporting
except White House officials are
confirming that certain limits have been
placed here and even when it comes to
investigating the claims of Christine
Blasi Ford and Deborah Ramirez forget
for a second about the third accuser
Julie sweat Nick the White House did
according to multiple reports provide a
list of witnesses that the FBI is
allowed to interview which makes it
completely impossible to actually do a
full investigation and follow the leads
where they take you we also learned that
mark judges girlfriend who has knowledge
of Cavanaugh's friend mark judge
participating in exactly the type of
alcohol and drug riddled gang rape
situations that are at issue here
she tried going to the FBI and she was
completely stonewalled so what we have
here still is a situation that is meant
to do what in the end it's meant to push
Cavanaugh through it is meant to push
Cavanaugh through and at this point I
wouldn't even put it past Republicans to
have sort of tacitly gone along with
Geoff Geoff flakes request because they
knew that it was going to be staged as
part of the plan from day one the FBI
will come back and more than likely
since the scope of the investigation is
limited they'll say well based on what
we were able to look into here's what
the witnesses said period and Senators
will say all right we did the hearings
we heard from Christine Blasi Ford we
did an investigation let's vote and he
becomes the next Supreme Court justice I
don't hope that happens but I do still
think it's the most likely scenario I
suppose you could chalk this up as a
tiny win for Democrats getting that one
weekend
especially cuz they don't have any power
and you know they want something much
broader but this is kind of what they
could settle for but you're right I mean
it's probably gonna come back
inconclusive this happened 30-plus years
ago they'll ask some questions but
ultimately I think he'll be pushed
through the one alternative would be
that even if the specific credibility of
any particular claim can't be
adjudicated that they come back and say
the guy did lie during the hearings and
that would be another story and we'll
talk about that in a moment but to talk
about Kavanagh this is a man who's
fundamentally at the base level unfit to
be on the Supreme Court regardless of
the sexual assault right and then you
remember oh wait he's been accused of
sexual assault by at least three women
that we know about specifically so far
so this is a sham it in dangers the
future of the United States as we know
it and aside from the allegations and
the unhinge rants Cavanagh many times
about small things throughout the
hearings lied Bernie wants a perjury in
VEX investigation and that's exactly
what I want to talk about next let's
focus in now on lies while under oath by
Brett Kavanaugh we already talked about
how he straight-up didn't answer many
questions during that hearing where we
heard from Brett Kavanaugh and from his
first of many accusers Christine Blasi
Ford we already talked about the fact
that many times
senators started picking apart his
claims that he never blacked out from
drinking to the point where he might not
remember what he did on some nights we
already talked about how his sort of
baseline unhinged nature makes him
fundamentally unfit to be on the Supreme
Court but now I want to focus in on lies
that he told remember senators Jeff
Flake and Chris Coons who called for
this investigation last night said if
any lying is uncovered that's likely the
end of this nomination for Brett
Kavanaugh so this matters okay it's
really important to understand that
Cavanaugh is lying about lots of little
things and that should disqualify him
from being on the court even if it's
each individual lies small or relatively
unimportant it's still against the law
to lie under oath and it still makes him
a liar people who know Cavanaugh are
flooding out saying he lied he
many times during the hearing every few
hours there's a new article with people
who know him saying this was a lie that
was a lie
Cavanaugh lied so much actually that
it's hard to even know where to start
but let's first start with his claim
about getting into Yale part of Brett
Cavanaugh's unhinged ranting on Thursday
included him saying that he got into
Yale on the basis of his hard work and
that he had no connections to Yale
whatsoever he his exact words that day
were a quote senator you were asking
about College I got into Yale Law School
that's the number one law school in the
country
I had no connections there I got there
by busting my tail
in college this is a lie Brett Kavanaugh
was a legacy admission to Yale meaning
he had prior family members who went to
Yale his grandfather
Everett Edward Cavanaugh went to Yale to
little lie it's one of many but why is
he lying all the time and why do we need
to excuse those lies he claimed that a
Devil's Triangle is a drinking game it's
not other than references added from a
congressional IP address to Wikipedia
after his hearing he knows that it's a
sex act involving two men and a woman
and it's yet another lie he claimed that
the term bouff related to flatulence
which it doesn't Cavanaugh knows that it
relates to anal sexual practices he
implied when talking about his drinking
that he was of legal age by saying you
know in 1982
I drank beer 18-year olds could drink so
the seniors could drink legally that's
right the seniors who were 18 could
drink legally he wasn't 18 at the time
it's a small lie but it's yet another
lie and then there's kind of like the
bigger narrative lies okay
Cavanaugh's broader story was I just
didn't drink enough to forget stuff I
didn't drink enough to have foggy
memories despite the fact that Senators
Booker and Blumenthal and others made a
Klobuchar and others made some pretty
significant progress in showing that
that wasn't true but before and since
Cavanaugh's testimony a bunch of his
classmates have come forward to say he
was frequently stumbling around drunk he
had no rational
control over his actions nor a clear
recollection of them he was asked during
the hearing whether he watched Christine
Blasi Ford's testimony he said no but I
plan to watch it later it was widely
reported in multiple media outlets that
he was watching the testimony the fact
that Cavanaugh lied so much about so
many little things is actually
indicative of his they can't touch me
attitude which he shares with who he
shares that attitude with Donald Trump
when you were this willing to perjure
yourself you should not be on the
Supreme Court you really shouldn't have
any government job private companies are
free to decide Pat do they care about
the fact that this guy lies all the time
or not he really shouldn't have any
government job and as I said before it's
not likely that there's going to be a
perjury charge proven here it's unlikely
we're even going to get a perjury charge
but at least one senator is getting
tough on the crime of perjury by Supreme
Court nominees and that's Bernie Sanders
who has now actually written a letter to
Chuck Grassley who's been running this
entire circus of a confirmation hearing
saying the FBI should investigate not
only the claims of the accusers but also
whether the guy lied whether he perjured
himself and in his letter Bernie Sanders
said in order for this FBI investigation
regarding judge Bret Cavanaugh's
nomination to be complete it is
imperative the bureau must not only look
into the accusations made by dr. Ford
Deborah Ramirez and Julie sweat neck
which they're not doing by the way it
should also examine the veracity of his
testimony before the Judiciary Committee
obviously Bernie also points out that
they should investigate the claims of
all three women they're not doing that
either Julie sweat Nick attempting to
get in touch with no luck I would make
the case actually that perjury
allegations or may be more damaging than
the sexual assault allegations not that
lying about what booth means is worse
than raping a woman that's not what I
mean
but what I mean is no matter what the
FBI comes up with with regards to sexual
assault it's still gonna be a
preponderance of evidence thing and more
than half of Republicans as I'll tell
you later don't even think sex assault
should disqualify you from the Supreme
Court in that sense if you perjure
yourself it's much more cut-and-dry
Republicans will still say I don't care
put
on the court but I actually think that
you you can make the case that being a
sloppy drunk in college isn't
necessarily disqualifying from being on
the Supreme Court lying about it
constantly as an adult under oath
however should disqualify you from being
on the court it's all just so hard to
prove though like when he claims that
Boo f---ing related to flatulence not
anal sex or The Devil's Triangle that's
a drinking game not a sex act I mean in
his circles he could claim that that's
what those terms meant you can't just
cite urban dictionary and say there's a
discrepancy here or you know I mean his
classmates will come out and say that
this guy drank a lot in college right he
was intoxicated every Friday and
Saturday night him it's it's
unbelievable to think that he could
remember some of that stuff well hey if
he says that he didn't black out how are
you gonna prove otherwise
and when it comes to perjury it does
involve whether he was deliberately
saying something that wasn't true or
whether he genuinely is just mistaken so
it's an uphill battle but I agree with
Bernie that the lying has got to be
investigated here send me your thoughts
I'm on Twitter at D Pakman the show is
on twitter at david pakman show we've
got a great program for you today the
david pakman show at david pakman.com
[Music]
[Music]
the david pakman show at david
pakman.com today's new member of the day
is John Kelly we are mostly supported by
members and patrons and John has signed
up at WWJ pakman.com and I really
appreciate that I also want to say
thanks to Jordan Hicks who has been a
supporter since 2013 today sustaining
member of the day John and Jordan thank
you join them at WWJ impact mancom get
the bonus show the commercial free audio
and video streams of the show all that
great stuff and the pleasure and
satisfaction of knowing that you're
supporting independent media ok there's
one more angle to the Brett Kavanaugh
Fiasco that I do want to talk about
today despite the fact that Brett
Kavanaugh was clearly lying during the
hearing with his accuser Christine Blasi
Ford last week despite the reality that
we all should understand that this guy's
completely and totally unfit to be on
the Supreme Court it's still very
possible that he will be the next
Supreme Court justice but there might be
I'm like really looking for some kind of
silver lining or upside here there might
be an upside to that happening before
the midterm elections in just five weeks
which is that there's a new poll which
claims that voters will punish their
senators if they vote to confirm
Cavanaugh there was a poll conducted by
change research which says that 51% of
voters are less likely to reelect their
senators to vote to reelect their
Senators if they vote in favor of
confirming Brett Kavanaugh 50% also said
that they would view the institution of
the Supreme Court as less credible if
Brett Cavanaugh is confirmed
these aren't overwhelming numbers it's
like a very slight majority within the
margin of error but the point is that
when control of the Senate hangs in the
balance for Republicans when there are
many races that are going to be really
close there's a risk if you're a senator
who votes to confirm Brett Kavanaugh if
you're up for re-election that the
voters who are going to vote for or
against you are not going to be pleased
and in fact this is a time when the
campaign finance system we have
should be used to our advantage and what
I mean by that is I think the campaign
finance system we have as a disaster you
know that if you pay attention to this
show but right now this is the system we
have money should be raised immediately
millions by a super PAC that will do a
blitz of ads targeting senators who are
up for re-election in November and who
vote to confirm Brett Kavanaugh I want
to change the system we have
but right now use that system to do
something good
gather as much money as you can build up
the war chest this week so that as soon
as the vote happens the TV ads can start
immediately your Senator Lindsey Graham
voted to confirm accused serial sex
assault or Brett Kavanaugh to the court
vote him out this November because we
know Republicans don't care about the
sexual assault and I have a poll that
will tell you that in a second but if
there is going to be something that
could kill Cavanaugh's nomination it's
not going to be the moral outrage over
what Cavanaugh did or didn't do we know
they don't care about that it's going to
be Republican senators that want to keep
their seats
if the polling starts to show that their
seats are in jeopardy if they vote to
confirm Brett Kavanaugh you actually
might see some Republicans say well hold
on a second here hold on a second here
Jeff Flake is retiring right but all of
a sudden you have other Republicans who
are running for re-election if they
think a confirmation of Brett Kavanaugh
will make them lose their seat they will
oppose him because you know what in the
end Trump's gonna get a different person
up there
Trump's going to get someone in there
that is the way that you might be able
to prevent Cavanaugh from getting on the
court I mean 50 percent or so saying
that they would be less likely to
support their senator for re-election
that doesn't sound all that promising
but you have to remember that's
nationwide right so if you take a look
at the states that have a Republican
senator but they're more left-leaning
like Maine with Susan Collins or Alaska
with Lisa Murkowski I think that's where
you have a chance because it's not 50
percent there it's probably
significantly higher that's exactly
right
and this is the way if if there is a way
forward to successfully block this
nomination it's going to be the people
that Pat name's Susan Collins Murkowski
