over the last year and a half to two
years we've seen a real resurgence of
pseudo-intellectual thinking especially
led by this internet movement that I
think people who watch this show are
sort of familiar with and there was an
article in The New York Times recently
by Barry Weiss that has gotten a lot of
attention writing about what some are
calling the intellectual dark web and I
didn't agree with nearly everything that
she wrote in the piece but she does do
an interesting job of exposing people to
the fact that this movement exists
I guess maybe movement is the word I
don't even know if we can really call it
a movement and explaining to people sort
of some of the players involved in some
of the ideology involved and I don't
even really know exactly who's part of
this movement the article in The Times
talked about sam harris jordan peterson
eric weinstein dave rubin ben shapiro a
lot of different people were mentioned
and most of the people described in the
article are certainly not intellectuals
by any stretch of the imagination but I
think that the more interesting part is
less about the intellectuals or
pseudo-intellectuals themselves and more
about why they are increasingly why
there is a group that is increasingly
attracted to those types of characters
and as I've said before and we've talked
about pseudo intellectual ism a lot on
the program to really fight back against
pseudo intellectual ism you have to
understand the two sides of the problem
and in the New York Times article and
elsewhere some of the people I mentioned
will ascribe to their followers a desire
for truth and truly open debate about
all ideas with no taboo topics as the
reason for their success right their
story is people are so starved for real
discussion about real issues because of
the repression of the liberal media and
political correctness and sometimes they
blame post-modernism that there was just
this overwhelming pent-up demand for
exactly what these intellectual dark
Weber's or whatever you want to call
them or offer
now I completely disagree and it's a
two-part issue as to how it all happened
the first part is why do we have a
population that's particularly receptive
right now to pseudo-intellectual ideas
that can sometimes sound unique and
correct and accurate and then part two
is the sort of inability to distinguish
between real intellectual thought real
critical thinking real seeing of
knowledge or seeking knowledge for the
sake of knowledge versus just pseudo
intellectual nonsense that sounds pretty
good without really saying anything
unique or even in many cases substantive
so let's start with part one the
environment I've spoken about that quite
a bit there are people right now who
feel disassociate they feel as though
whatever real or perceived status they
have may be on the brink of going away
and they have been primed to accept faux
intellectual nonsense that seems to
explain why it is that they're
experiencing what they're experiencing
and maybe even present some ideas as to
how they might be able to stop it or fix
the problem they see they've been
conditioned that academia is just
liberal indoctrination and bad or that
actual intellectualism is bad that they
won't get the real truth because of
censorship and political correctness and
all of that stuff and that view exists
more on the right but not exclusively
there are left-wing elements to this as
well for sure there are people on the
Left who have also fallen for movements
like men's rights activism that they
won't get the truth about the oppression
of men because evil feminists won't
allow the truth to come out or sjw's or
whoever then there's the question of
aside from being primed for
pseudo-intellectual answers to why the
world is the way it is why do they fall
for the faux intellectual nonsense
specifically from some of the people
were now seeing and a lot of it is
presentation style right it's how people
speak it's marketing period they they
hear the seemingly esoteric language but
they understand it because the truth is
what these people are selling and it's
not actually difficult to understand for
them the truth is it's not unique or
notable
either but it's very appealing the
desire for the feeling of authority that
knowing the real truth brings to them is
this is a big tractor beam to borrow a
phrase from Star Wars and they heard
from someone who's managed to get around
censorship that these are the people
that are gonna tell you the real truth
with no political correctness getting in
the way and a lack of context is often
what makes the phone intellectual
nonsense effective right people hear
ideas that sound good enough and they're
different than what they've been told
before so they buy it without
considering the real implications of
those ideas in the real world and in the
end there's a lot about simply people
that command authority as a factor here
right sometimes it's people that speak
quickly like ben shapiro or loudly or
eloquently like jordan Peterson or
whatever right there's a that's a huge
factor the optics of the presentation
and that's actually a really similar
mechanism as to what's at play within
the world of pseudoscience which we'll
be dealing with in a minute mini-series
soon but there's also some overlap with
the conspiracy theories I've explained
before that with conspiracy conspiracy
theories the appeal is sometimes simple
and neat explanations which even if
untrue are more comforting than the
truth which is often some version of the
world is a gray area of unpredictability
period right so look I'll give you an
example to illustrate the point from the
conspiracy world rather than we were
attacked by people on 9/11 and we either
couldn't or didn't stop it and people
randomly died it was a it was a tragedy
with a huge random element to it it's
more comforting to some to believe that
9/11 was controlled and planned maybe
even by people in our government maybe
george w bush combined with a world
trade center that was painted with
thermite the walls were painted with
thermite paint for years to make the
building catch on fire more easily and
the analogy with pseudo-intellectual ISM
is for example take the race and IQ
discussion which has become very popular
rather than recognizing and evaluating
the multi-generational socio
economic issues that on a test like IQ
lead to what appear to be correlations
of race and IQ so on and so forth
instead how about some races are just
smarter period inherently right or
another example from the so-called
intellectual dark web there are real
differences between men and women that's
a popular one yeah does does anybody
deny that that's not original that's
what really gets to me about the so
called intellectual dark web I've heard
nothing unique from any of them and I
mean you know looking at their full
range of topics
Jordan Peterson's book twelve rules for
life assume that the person you are
listening to might know something you
don't
Wow wait a second you go back and you
read how to win friends and influence
people by Dale Carnegie from 1936 and
his book is filled with the exact same
idea be a good listener encourage others
to talk about themselves let the other
person do a great deal of the talking
try to honestly see things from the
other person's point of view there's
nothing even remotely notable about
jordan Peterson's twelve rules of life
or for life or whatever another example
is the idea around free speech and
censorship that right there are a lot of
people activated by this intellectual
dark web movement because they feel like
they can't say what they want to anymore
there's nothing remarkable about that I
grew up around people like that the sort
of hill town folks from around the
Northampton Massachusetts area they
believe that the political correctness
of the college towns in in the Pioneer
Valley were suffocating them and
preventing them from saying what they
wanted to say although it was never
really clear what it was they wanted to
say that they actually couldn't say
that's not unique it's not new it's not
even notable in any way or free speech
as a meta issue that trumps all other
issues that's another calling card of
the intellectual dark web anyone who has
thought about meta issues in political
and economic society almost always
includes the role of speech at the top
of the list I included along with how
politics are financed the media world
and our economic system those are the
meta issues there is nothing unique or
notable there
let's take a more specific example one
of the sort of common ideas that I'm
seeing on the intellectual dark web is
ideas around taxation right where what
we have is unfair it punishes success
and you end up with some version of a
flat tax or a semi flat tax that's
getting presented now is some kind of
compromise between who knows what
arbitrary positions on either side flat
taxes have been floating around forever
right it's it's not unique it's not new
it's not even remotely interesting and
that is why it is abundantly clear that
the entire intellectual dark web dark
web movement is not an intellectual
movement it's a movement around
marketing and presentation style
combined with using the Internet and
social media period that is all there's
nothing unique period and the solution
sadly is not real intellectuals right if
you think that real intellectuals will
solve the problem of pseudo intellectual
ism that's like thinking if I just
explained the facts about gay marriage
to my homophobic cousin he'll
immediately change his mind we actually
know that the opposite is often true
being presented with information that
seeks to disprove or contradict your
worldview our understanding of the world
will often just further ingrain you in
those beliefs the real problem is the
environment in which the faux
intellectual nonsense of these people is
not only able to take hold but actually
welcomed with open arms as I described
earlier in this discussion and that's
what I don't know how to change the faux
intellectuals the intellectual dark web
and all of that stuff is a consequence
of the problem that we have in society
which I've identified for a long time in
many conversations about both anti
intellectualism and pseudo intellectual
ism so send me your thoughts about how
I've laid this out if I'm wrong change
my mind
tell me what unique or notable ideas are
actually coming out of the so called
intellectual dark web I'm on twitter at
des Pakman and the show is on Twitter at
David Pakman show
so let's reset a little bit as we
transition to
I already spoke earlier in the show
about how Donald Trump is now very
interested in helping China regain jobs
when I thought the goal was to get jobs
back from China for Trump and it seems
to coincide with the news of a 500
million dollar contribution alone
effectively from China to an Indonesian
Trump linked resort well the White House
was asked about it as they should have
been Sarah Huckabee Sanders apparently
off yesterday Deputy Secretary a deputy
press secretary Raj Shah ran yesterday's
press conference and he was asked a very
simple question which is a question that
has been has been suggested many times
in the last 24 hours which is how does
this not violate the emoluments Clause
of the Constitution it is the
president's business getting something
of value from a foreign government Raj
Shah wouldn't answer it and it's hard to
imagine how he even could answer it
let's check out the video the Trump
Organization is involved in a project in
Indonesia building hotels Golf Course
residences it's getting up to 500
million dollars in backing from the
Chinese government can you tell or you
know explain the administration's
perspective on a how this wouldn't
violate the emoluments Clause and be how
it wouldn't violate the president's own
promise that his private organization
would not be getting involved in new
foreign deals while he was present to
refer you to the Trump Organization but
I mean the Trump Organization can't
speak on behalf of the President as the
president the head of the federal
government the one who is who's
responsible who needs to assure the
American PM you're asking about a
private organisations dealings that may
have to do with a foreign government
that's not something that I can speak to
so the entire premise of the answer is
nonsense right Raj Shah says we can't
speak on on the behalf of the Trump
Organization we're not talking about the
Trump Organization we're talking about
number one the promise that candidate
Trump made that as president Trump he
would not be involved in any foreign
deals that relates to the president
we're also talking about the president
receiving something of value from a
foreign country seemingly a violation of
the emoluments clause if you went to the
Trump Organization and asked them they'd
correctly say we're just a private
company the emoluments Clause of
applies to government officials talk to
someone who represents Trump as a
government official and the one thing
that Raj's answer does sort of
illuminate is that there's a question at
this point as to whether there really is
separation between President Trump and
Trump the CEO of the Trump Organization
right the guy hasn't divested from his
businesses he continues to be aware of
their business activity and deals he
continues to benefit from them so really
it's almost like there is no difference
and Raja is either actually ignorant or
just playing stupid about the fact that
Trump as president is very involved with
the business of the Trump Organization
so even taken at face value the
statement by Raja makes no sense if
Shahs answer is this has to do with the
Trump Organization and not President
Trump the immediate next question should
be well does presidents Trump does
president Trump still have a financial
interest in the Trump Organization or
did he divest and obviously Shahs answer
would be you'd have to talk to his
personal attorney who at this point by
the way is in no position to really be
answering any questions dealing with a
potential indictment himself and Michael
Cohen this is the same strategy that was
employed by Sarah Huckabee Sanders
earlier this month remember this I just
wanted to ask you about something that
took place last week involving the
president's personal attorney Michael
Cohen he in court documents asserted
that he would assert his Fifth Amendment
rights and the story guy Hills lawsuit
which was filed against both him and the
president and you may recall that in
September of 2017 the president at a
campaign rally said the mob takes the
fifth and he also said if you're
innocent why are you taking the Fifth
Amendment do those ideas also apply to
Michael Colin as the president stand by
those comments I can't speak on behalf
of Michael Cohen I'd were free
it is disgusting that they get away with
us and during the same briefing Raj Shah
was asked why the hell is Trump tweeting
support for specific Chinese companies
and what led up to that also no answer
from Raj about that yes
so I've two questions for you first on
ZTE did the Chinese government give any
specific concession for the President of
the United States between in support of
a Chinese company the president has
asked secretary Ross to look into the
matter a consistent and on being why did
he issue has been raised at many levels
by the Chinese government with the with
various levels of our administration
raising the issue is enough to spawn a
presidential it's a significant issue of
concern of the Chinese government you
know and in our bilateral relationship
there's a give-and-take and we and we
discuss these issues this is what needs
to be immediately shut down and
investigated if Democrats do well in the
November midterms and you know Pat we've
been talking about the multiple prongs
of molars investigation right we've got
Trump Russia
we've got obstruction and possible
crimes witness tampering indy covering
up of attempts to stop Trump Russia and
then financial crimes of a sort of
pretty specific nature molars not
looking into the emoluments clause thing
to the best of my knowledge we need to
vote in November because the concerns
around constitutional violations are
massive growing and presumably outside
of molar scope yeah and even if
something's outside of Muller's purview
you can always delegate that
responsibility off of someone else like
send it to an attorney general in
another state so we've we have seen that
and I think we'll continue to see that
yeah of course the complexity
specifically when it's emoluments is
you're talking about the Federal
Constitution so then it becomes dubious
to send it to a State Attorney General
that is something that at the federal
level must be looked into it's
disgusting it is swamp filling and we
may have a president here who has indeed
violated the Constitution discuss this
with us on reddit david pakman.com slash
re d di t quick break back after this
okay I've told you before about the
evangelical support for Israel being
very heavily
driven by the belief that by supporting
Israel the second coming of Jesus Christ
will happen and depending on your flavor
of Christianity this will bring about
the rapture or the apocalypse or the end
times or the end of the world
whichever lovely phrase your sect
attributes to that event I've also told
you before about outrageous Fox News
host Jeanine Pirro who was at some point
a judge somewhere really scary to think
about and she combined her insanity with
the evangelical insanity around Israel
in one lovely segment where she praised
Donald Trump's decision to move the
embassy that the United States has in
Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem as the
fulfillment of a Biblical prophecy
listen to Jeanine Pirro here just
gushing about how great Donald Trump is
Donald Trump's and Iranians who are the
descendants of Persia a message to
reflect on their own history right and
that it was the king of Persia who a
thousand years before Mohammed was even
born
that said Jerusalem was the capital of
the Jewish people's country Russia
there will be no Ottoman empires or
chien nations that will destroy
Jerusalem any longer Donald Trump
recognized history he like King Cyrus
before him fulfilled the Biblical
prophecy
the gods worshipped by Jews Christians
and yes yes Muslims that Jerusalem is
the eternal capital of the Jewish state
and that the Jewish people finally
deserve a righteous free and sovereign
Israel I notice she has that same weird
pronunciation of Jerusalem that Trump
had in that video where it didn't it
wasn't clear whether he was trying to
eat his tongue or maybe had a denture
issue I wonder if maybe it's like having
veneers that are too big or something
