so as many of you know because you've
emailed me about it I was on Fox News
yesterday and I had a discussion with
Kyle kolinsky of secular talk before and
I was basically talking to him about
whether we think that it's worth doing
Fox News knowing that it gets so stacked
against the left discussed knowing that
it's mostly an echo chamber of
unthinking reflexive conservative I hate
to even call it thought they're sort of
non thought because you might get
somebody who's willing to hear another
point of view or do you just say no and
Kyle's view was any opportunity to show
up and actually get your voice heard in
front of people who disagree is an
opportunity to change someone's mind and
therefore it's worth it so I decided to
do it I was invited
Leland Vitter was the host bitter I
think is his last name
I was opposite Philadelphia radio host
Don Giordano of course in an attempt to
I guess not give me the credit that
could have been given to me they called
me Boston radio host opposite Dom as
Philadelphia radio host of course
implying that I guess host local radio
in Boston and don't have a syndicated
show I think it's a swipe at new media
maybe should you they don't want to
recognize that platform they also didn't
make any mention of the online platform
that's also true the topic was the
trumped Putin summit mostly they also
said right before going on that it was
going to be a four-minute segment unless
it went really well
the idea of having two guests on for a
four-minute segment is clearly what you
do when you don't actually want to
explore ideas and depth which they don't
and they also said to me before going on
engage with each other which we know
what that means it means start arguing
with each other so my strategy going in
and I'm gonna play the clip for you is I
knew that as soon as I would try to
explain a point given that there were
four minutes allocated for an interview
with two guests they would try to
interrupt me so my goal was stick to
what I want to say if interrupted go
back to what I want to say and see what
I can do and you will immediately
realize that whenever I actually started
to make a point I would immediately be
interrupted and given some kind of
different question to answer and it was
a completely expected tactic there was
also the attempt made by the
most to take on my views sort of in
addition to this dom guy so it ended up
being not surprisingly me against the
conservative guest and the host leland
Vitter but I I expected this stuff right
I went in knowing that last thing people
pointed out that I look extraordinarily
white compared to the other two I don't
know if this is done deliberately but
I've noticed that many times the leftist
guest is poorly lit and the second I
walked into the studio where I I just
sit in a dark room to do this and join
them via satellite I immediately saw
compared to our lighting here which
makes me look sort of like a human being
it's too white I'm there I don't know if
it's deliberate or not but this is not
going to look right and not surprisingly
I didn't look orange which is a good
thing but I definitely looked like a
vampire so let's get into the first part
of this interview on Fox News and let's
talk about this with Dom Giordano David
Pakman radio host in their respective
cities Philadelphia and Boston as they
are gentlemen nice to see you Dom what's
striking is when you listen to the
president's advisers whether it be John
Huntsman national security riser Bolden
or others they are far harsher in their
rhetoric than the president what do you
make of it that's true Leland and I wish
the President were a harsher in his but
the actions of President Trump what his
administration is actually doing we put
more sanctions on Putin we've kicked out
more of the delegates from the Soviet
before from Russia so his actions have
been firm in this manner and I think
it's way overblown that he's going to
give away the store a president Trump is
not going to do that in any kind of
negotiation
I wish the rhetoric though we're more
direct toward Putin that's where I
usually am David it brings up an
interesting point it is the less problem
with President Trump among many that
they have the way he goes about foreign
policy or actually the substance of it
because his David points out our Dom
points out he's been pretty tough on
Putin much tougher than Obama in many
ways by selling youthful weapons to the
Ukrainians yeah I think that the problem
really is the easily manipulable reality
of Donald Trump and I think if we want a
sort of a preview of what we could
expect with Putin we look at what
happened with Kim
John moon where Donald Trump claimed
victory on the basis of the exact same
vague promises that we've gotten from
North Korea before tweeted on the way
back that the nuclear threat is over and
we just learned that in that vein the
president just tweeted even this morning
he said wait a second he said it's been
nine months there hasn't been a nuclear
test and there hasn't been a missile
test so there's the first interruption
and now all of a sudden it's not David
and Dom it's dom and leland against
david and i tried to just stick with it
so when they came back to me i just
continued the same point i was trying to
make and of course there were continuing
efforts made to derail why shouldn't he
get credit for that the as i was saying
just days after the supposed victory in
opening the door of new relations kim
jongwan went to a potato farm instead of
meeting with trump's secretary of state
showing that there was really nothing
there so my what i'm anticipating from
this summit with putin would be that
Donald Trump will be incredibly
impressed with Putin's sense of humor
much like he was with Kim Jong Un's he's
a great guy so on and so forth I would
be worried especially after the NATO
summit just days ago where Trump started
hinting at maybe we go this thing our
own way that plays right into what Putin
wants so I wouldn't be surprised if that
gets pushed along a little bit of a way
as well a fair critique and something to
be worried about no even I don't think
that's the case again again with Kim
jong-un he is not testing missiles again
he's not getting to that final step
where he's able to hit it that's what's
important not all the posturing do I
wish President Trump were more buttoned
up and sounded as say a John Bolton
might yes I do when it comes to Putin so
now they both latch on to this talking
point hey Kim jong-un hasn't tested a
missile in nine months Dom does it and
the host does it and eventually I just
asked them to tell me why is that
something that Trump gets credit for and
I admit I actually kind of bungled it I
I think I did not handle this part as
well I was not as articulate as I wanted
to be that's his style
you guys David I think we all like his
style you don't like his style but the
results are there there are certainly no
results to speak of yet well hold on
David is that really is that really fair
you got nine months without a nuclear
weapons test you got nine months with
a missile test there's there's a new
report that there's actually an
advancement in the nuclear research
capabilities in norther clear because I
think that there's going to be
allegations here that I am unwilling to
see progress I actually was hoping for a
real victory I've been following the
North Korea crisis for more than 10
years on my program so I was I am
committed actually I believe it's one of
the main humanitarian crises that we do
let me get a question in in reality
though president Trump was able to get a
nine-month moratorium on nuclear weapons
testing and on missile testing this from
a regime that President Obama said was
the single greatest threat to the United
States when he met with President Trump
how is that not an accomplishment in and
of itself regardless of the other issues
if all of a sudden the focus is who in
the past said that someone is AG just
answer that you've got to go back to the
drawing board that's exactly what the
entire Republican Party said about the
question just answer the question how is
no missile testing and no nuclear
weapons testing in nine months not an
accomplishment explain what Trump did to
call it an accomplishment okay knock
yourself out I yeah I die they pretend
not to know what I'm asking and I think
it was pretty clear what I was asking
but yet I should have asked that I think
in a better way like for example France
also hasn't bombed Italy for the last
nine months does Trump get credit for
that or something something along those
lines I think it was okay but still they
of course had no answer to that
I mean hindsight's 2020 yes but I think
you still illustrated the point and I
think they were both stumped there they
just wanted to make it seem as if you
were the one who was asking a crazy
question they just can't understand what
crazy things I'm saying okay and then it
just goes sort of downhill from there
here's the rest of the interview it
comes back to again it is an
accomplishment and I'll be bipartisan it
was President Bush President Clinton all
American presidents couldn't break
through and even meet with this guy and
talk with him he was approaching the
final steps to be able to hit us he is
not a there's no American
that's that's the truth he is not he is
standing damn you did that no I'd rather
city a harsher light this is an echo
chamber talking point that Trump was
able to achieve something by securing a
meeting North Korean leaders have been
desperate to get the recognition David
would have during a main residence and
it was the president was his tactics
it was the Trump tactics that got the
meeting and who knows maybe woke up Kim
jong-un to know every ality of this
versus other American presidents all
right we move on real no evidence of
that move on real quickly to the
president's interview with CBS this
morning that aired about the hacking of
emails by the Russian government take a
listen what the president said I think
the DNC should be ashamed of themselves
for allowing themselves be hacked they
had bad defenses and they were able to
be hacked but I heard they were trying
to pack the Republicans too but and this
may be wrong but they had much stronger
defenses David is it a fair critique
that for as much as the Democrats cry
and scream about Russian collusion and
or Russian intervention in the election
it was Democrats who were in charge of
the national security apparatus when it
happened the the idea here that if you
are a victim of hacking it's the fault
of the victim when you don't want to
blame that heat that party who did the
hacking is absolutely hilarious and
anybody who doesn't see the absurdity of
that on its face it's going to be very
hard to actually engage on the facts
when it comes to that and what what the
the real big news related to this is
that we now know that when Donald Trump
quote jokingly said hey if Russia wants
to hack Hillary's emails that wouldn't
be a bad thing the first attempt to do
that happen within hours of that
statement that's really the news DOM and
Leo and I would counter that we do know
from the Rosenstein report on Friday the
big news is no American citizen
committed any act of collusion or crime
and there's no evidence the Russians
were effective I don't like what the
Russians did either but they weren't
effective
and you got to knock off this witch-hunt
wait it's wait a second guys hold on
hold on a second wait wait a second a
witch-hunt that finds 32 witches already
is not exactly a witch number 2 when you
say no American citizens have been
accused of crimes Paul Manafort I think
his American I know a lot of Americans
did the crime of colluding with the
Russians he's not accused of that
collusion is not what's any witches
thank you very much we appreciate it
obviously a spirited discussion went on
a little bit longer than we thought it
would which is a good thing we'll see
you guys soon yeah so I was immediately
flooded with insane hate mail on
Facebook Twitter Email even Instagram a
few samples John wrote in saying I just
decided to take a Google search on you
and wow what a waste the usual arrogant
condescending idiot probably successful
in your target market have a nice life
Frank Roden how does this tool even have
a radio show is your studio located on
Newbury Street thank God for Howie Carr
Ron I don't know what that bottom-line I
think that's an ex that that is my type
over there Ron wrote in if you intended
to embarrass yourself on Fox News you
did Joe after eight years of vacillation
and cowardice by Obama and Clinton
incorporated your nonsensical hysteria
over your mythical Trump ski is
laughable you are just another mindless
pole smoker hiding out in the wannabe
totalitarian one-party city-state of
Boston you are yet another useless faux
liberal air thief who has never had a
real job we have a couple others Pat
wrote in not this Pat no one likes a
smug evasive liberal dumbass and lastly
Mike saw you on Fox News today how in
the hell do you keep a show you are a
brain-dead you have been following
North Korea really what does that mean
thank God for you there is lowlife trash
Democrats that follow your show you are
a joke what a clown stay in Boston great
place for you millions of us are
grateful for all the amazing work our
president has done sorry piece of
garbage Hillary did not win but thank
God for our country we have a real man
for president not a pathetic joke like
you so my question is is it worth doing
this is it worth doing this or is it
just a total waste of time that's my
question to you and I look forward to
hearing from you about it a killing
Obamacare killing Obamacare has been an
obsession
of number one Republicans when Obama was
still president remember the dozens and
dozens what was it 60 70 80 attempts 261
61 votes to repeal Obamacare in the
house and number two getting rid of
Obamacare has been a priority of Donald
Trump's since he's become President of
the United States and what has been able
to what he has been able to do to attack
Obamacare are basically two things
number one Trump's tax reform plan
remove that individual mandate from the
tax plan and that piece of it I think
you said Pat doesn't get enacted until
next year is it the actual removal of
the mandate it's not entirely sure about
that one yeah at some point that that
gets enabled and that will make it so
that you no longer pay a penalty if you
don't have individual health insurance
that is meant to financially destabilize
the system it's meant to hurt Obamacare
as a to create a pretext to then get rid
of it number two
Donald Trump's administration abruptly
suspended payments to Obamacare programs
and as I've talked to you about before
if you can't get rid of the law get rid
of the money that makes the law work and
the administration is doing indeed that
ten point four billion dollars in
payments to insurers were suspended
abruptly by the Trump administration the
insurers of course immediately said well
if we don't get this money through the
ACA arrangement we're just going to
increase premiums on customers to make
up the difference and withholding these
funds is such a disaster that the
Republican chairman of the House Ways
and Means Committee Republican
congressman Kevin Brady not exactly a
moderate Republican a pretty far-right
ideologue he is now asking the Trump
administration to restart those payments
and as a reminder this guy's hugely
against Obamacare the hugely against
Obamacare and he recognizes the disaster
that this is and the House Ways and
Means Committee recognizes how much of a
disaster this is the Republicans are so
concerned about the elimination of these
payments that they are considering
legislative action to force the payments
to restart Republican president stops
the payments Republican committee leader
might pass legislation to start them
back up think about how insane this is
and by the way don't think for a second
that Republicans are doing this because
of some moral responsibility that they
feel the midterms are coming that's all
it is Democrats are already starting to
talk about the rising premiums that have
been taking place and are going to
continue with these funds suspended and
Republicans know that they will suffer
if premiums continue to explode because
of this decision by Donald Trump for all
we know as soon as the midterms are over
the Republicans will go back to trump
and say have at it you can resuspend
those payments we don't have an election
coming up
but for the bottom-dwelling Trumpets who
are supposedly fiscal conservatives they
are already saying Pat this is taxpayer
money this is good this is ten point
four billion in taxpayer money that's
not being used for Obamacare and to them
I would say you were wrong this is money
collected from insurers whose pool of
customers is on average healthier and
redistributed to the insurers who are
doing a good thing mind you insuring
less healthy people it's a
redistribution meant to not penalize
insurance companies for insuring less
healthy people it's insurance company
money it's not taxpayer money yeah so
unless the American people are just by
and large looking out for the good of
big insurance companies rapists it
really shouldn't bother them that much
there is such a heart heartwarming
sentiment for the corporate health
insurance industrial complex in this
country that it makes perfect sense that
people would have a special place in
their heart for these wait a sec what
what the hell am I talking about
most important overarching story here is
that for seven years the Republicans
slammed Obamacare they took 60 something
votes in the house to repeal it knowing
it would never happen they campaigned
and so did Trump on as soon as Trump is
in office it's out Obamacare is out and
the public is opposed to the repeal of
Obamacare every iteration proposed by
Republicans to repeal Obamacare would
have led to tens of millions or multiple
tens of millions I guess is what it
would I mean of people ending up without
health insurance and what they're doing
instead is they're taking these small
cuts that Obamacare to
further try to sabotage it or sabotage
if you are of William Shatner's
pronunciation sabotage Obamacare from
succeeding great leadership and vision
right seven years to come up with
something everything they propose is
garbage they can't get it done and now
Republicans are going to Trump and
saying please restart these payments
yeah and Republicans now own the issue
of health care right because do they
can't just gut the Affordable Care Act
and do nothing to replace it and I don't
know what they're gonna do going forward
but if this is their only strategy it's
not gonna be very good for them that's
an empirical analysis based on actual
facts and data I am not convinced that
short of exploding premiums even above
like the underlying increase in premiums
that Republican hardline voters are
actually going to say that it's
