[Music]
the david pakman show at david
pakman.com things are truly genuinely
honestly not going well for Donald
Trump's personal attorney Michael Cohen
you probably remember that the FBI
raided his office and his hotel room and
I believe his condo as well not long ago
and law enforcement collected a ton of
documents during that raid a couple of
months ago and the government has turned
over nearly 4 million seized documents
so far - Michael Cohen's attorneys to
figure out is there privileged
information in any of these 3.7 million
documents and some of the documents that
the FBI found had been shredded and the
latest news is that the FBI is now
piecing together the shredded documents
and of course they're not doing this by
hand there are now computer programs
that can do this and at this point it
has gotten so insane that Trump's
attorneys attorneys are working around
the clock reviewing the four million
documents that the FBI has given them
and not only are there unshredded
documents and shredded documents which
we'll talk about in a second there are
also hard drives and thumb drives and
many many Blackberry phones so it's an
endless sort of treasure trove of
possible evidence of crimes and
originally Cohen's team was given until
June 15th to go over the nearly 4
million documents his lawyers are
understandably saying we need like way
way way more time to do this so I want
to focus in for now since it could be a
while until we actually learn more about
the contents of these documents about
the meaning of these shredded documents
and I understand you hear shredded
documents and many people think you
shred documents to hide stuff not
necessarily right I mean attorneys do
shred documents regularly for non
sketchy reasons but yeah if I'm the FBI
I'm looking very very closely at the
document
that michael cohen has shredded and
former FBI analyst asha ranga tweeted
about this quote i've watched people
pieced together shredded documents it's
amazing this is not going to end well
for the defense and former prosecutor
renato Mariotti also on twitter saying
federal prosecutors are piecing together
page papers shredded by michael cohen
that is bad news for him and one of the
funniest things about all of this is
that most lawyers have moved to what's
called crosscut shredding like you might
remember sometimes seeing vertical strip
shred shredders right this is where you
run a page through it and it shreds a
document into these strips those are
easier to reconstruct with the software
that now is available but most lawyers
now have moved to crosscut crosscut not
crush crosscut shredders which read in
multiple directions according to stormy
Daniels attorney Michael avenatti Cohen
had the old strip shredders that he was
using a transcript from his interview
with CNN has Jake Tapper saying let me
ask you a question
federal prosecutors say they're putting
together papers that have been shredded
by Michael Cohen do you know anything
about those papers and Michael avenatti
responding yesterday from what I've
gathered Michael Cohen was so cheap he
didn't invest in a crosscut shredder
which would have made it impossible for
investigators at Quantico forensic
specialists at Quantico to refabricate
or reconstitute these documents
evidently he had a different type of
shredder so they're in the process of
going through it from what I heard in
court today if true it is truly stupid
Watergate and I don't think I have to
remind anybody that if indeed the
shredded documents were related to what
the FBI is looking into and the
shredding took place after Michael Cohen
knew that the FBI was looking into it
that's the possible crying a crime of
destruction of evidence so it is really
not looking good for Cohen right now
well I mean come on Michael Cohen can't
afford a crosscut shredder his three
clients right one is Sean Hannity who
apparently gave him ten bucks at a party
once and that's it and the other is
Donald Trump who never pays his legal
bills and remember Cohen had to pay for
the story me Daniels hush money so ya
can't afford that
apparently we can't expect him to get
that fancy shredder make Maga not make
America great again
my attorneys getting arrested one
possibility also make America great
again no it's making attorneys get
attorneys I like both as much better
yeah not good for michael cohen
indictment when i think probably pretty
soon let's talk about Jill Stein as most
of you know I've been saying that Jill
Stein's campaign stunk from the get-go
and every time I say it people get mad
people cancel memberships people send me
angry messages but you know that I don't
sugarcoat my views on the show if I'm
going to say something that will anger
people I'm okay with that as long as
it's what I actually believe and that
has been sort of the guiding principle
on the show the latest with Jill Stein
is that there seems to be something
really weird going on with those
millions of dollars that Jill Stein
raised to pay for a recount of the 2016
presidential election in some key swing
states and from the beginning I was
asking number one from a legal
standpoint can Jill Stein demand or
trigger a recount for elections that she
definitely didn't win in other words
does she have standing to request or
demand or force a recount in a state
where either Donald Trump or Hillary
Clinton won I don't know what the answer
was to that but it ended up being merely
academic because it never moved forward
and from day one it stunk to high heaven
that Jill Stein after appearing at an
event in Russia with Michael Flynn and
Vladimir Putin immediately dismissed the
possibility that Russia made any
attempts to influence the 2016 election
but immediately started raising millions
of dollars for these nebulous recounts
that it wasn't even clear whether she
could get started because of standing
issues but she raised seven million
dollars from people who wanted the
recounts in those few states it has been
about a year and a half the Stein
campaign has not filed an FEC report
since September of 2017 it's been almost
a year and the campaign said about a
month and a half ago that they have only
nine hundred and thirty two thousand
dollars in recount funds left where did
the other six million dollars go
how did Jill Stein and her campaign
spend six million dollars in 16 months
and why did they stop filing reports
about that spending and The Daily Beast
reached out to Jill Stein's attorney
jonathan Abadi who said well you know
the recount effort is continuing first
of all I want to know what specific
realistic recount efforts are underway
how is the money being spent for
furthering those recount efforts
Jill Stein's campaign spokesperson says
that there still could be a recount and
that the Stein campaign is also bringing
another challenge regarding inspecting
voting software that was used in some
states I'm having a very hard time
believing that any of this stuff is
actually going to happen and bigger
picture we need her campaign held
accountable for not reporting their
spending right the FEC has already
warned Jill Stein about about this there
has been a half a year of spending
unaccounted for that the FEC wrote to
her about in May and then of course this
goes fundamentally to jill Stein's
honesty or lack thereof her campaign
made the promise that any leftover money
the roughly 160 1,000 donors who donated
would get to decide how the money is
used not only has that not happened 6/7
of the money is gone six million of the
seven million dollars is gone without a
single recount and without actually
being accounted for and I'm not patting
myself on the back I and many others
warned people about donating Curt Eiken
Walled warned people about donating Jill
Stein has been refusing to cooperate
with the Russia investigation she has
not filed the appropriate reports about
the spending I'm not surprised at all by
this yeah I mean it's a little bit hard
to believe that they just took the money
and ran though because this was all done
in public right they were asking for a
recount money you know out in the public
square so that would be quite brazen to
do don't you think I mean it's not like
they're doing some underground secretive
thing where they're trying to come up
with some Ponzi scheme here we don't
know what they're doing right we don't
know what they're doing because six
million has been spent and they haven't
filed any spending reports
September and we don't know what's going
on with the recounts which they simply
claim are continuing it's almost the
next election right it's almost November
of 2018 now if you don't like the story
if you don't like me doing this story
don't tell me I'm a Democratic shill
because I'm not don't tell me I'm a
Russia bot and I don't mean that's
actually that I should clarify what I
mean by that that has a couple of
meanings right now I don't mean that
people are going accusing me of being a
Russian bot what I mean is a sort of
focus only on Russia and believe every
single story on critically about Russian
because I'm not tell me specifically
what I'm wrong about on the facts
regarding what Jill Stein said and what
Jill Stein and her campaign have or have
not done and then we can have a
conversation about that but don't just
riddle me with ad hominem x'
on social media because you don't like
the fact that i'm talking about this but
i do want to hear from you send me your
thoughts i'm on twitter at d pakman
quick break back after this the david
pakman show at david pakman.com
[Music]
[Music]
the david pakman show at david
pakman.com today's new member of the day
is Amanda B and Amy Amanda thank you so
much for being a david pakman show
member and I also want to thank longtime
member David Bevers Dorf who's been
supporting the david pakman show since
2012 pat was in kindergarten back when
David Bevers Dorf became a david pakman
show member I was just learning to walk
luckily I was potty-trained by that time
yes otherwise it would be a very awkward
day for David Bevers dork to be a
longtime member of the day join Amanda
and David at join pakman.com 40% off
coupon code is available as vote soon 18
and it's a big big thing membership is a
big deal the world-famous bonus show is
available to you every day and you can
also get a lot of these same benefits
over on patreon by becoming a patron at
patreon.com slash david pakman show the
david pakman show subreddit has been
titillated and abuzz
ever since yesterday's Roseanne Barr
incident where she called me a bully on
social media just hours after getting
fired by ABC one of the discussions on
the subreddit is exactly that Rosanna
calls David Pakman a bully on Twitter
Roseanne you have now officially crossed
the line we'll just wait until the next
segment where I talk about what FoxNews
did with regard to my little spat with
Roseanne Barr on Twitter very exciting
yeah
if Rose Ann's first comment about
Valerie Jarrett didn't get her fired by
ABC this certainly would have yes apps
of calling me a bully on Twitter would
have been grounds for Bob Iger
immediately firing her also on the David
Pakman show subreddit this is from two
nights ago Sean Hannity is losing it
tonight this guy is insane talk about a
bunch of snowflakes yet when I saw this
I actually tuned in to Fox News because
I was so curious and this was in the
midst of the Roseanne Barr thing the
revelations about the michael cohen
shredded documents i mean just every
possible thing going completely wrong
Trump totally cocked by the North and
South Korean leaders and Hannity was
totally losing it and we know that
Hannity and Trump have a special
relationship of sorts and it was not a
good day in Hannity Ville two nights ago
even crazier that night you would say
because Hannity is losing it all the
time it was particularly unhinged yeah I
mean listen I guess I can't really judge
cuz I'm not normally watching Hannity
but from what I remember he seemed extra
wacky on on Tuesday night also from the
David Pakman show subreddit I would like
David to get more conservative talk show
hosts on the show he always seems to win
the argument and make them look
completely stupid I don't know that
that's how it goes I mean I do think
that a lot of our audience is
predisposed to see my side of a lot of
issues but I am I'm up for here's the
thing about doing the the thing where I
interview conservative talk show hosts
in general the audience doesn't I can't
say what the audience does or doesn't
like but the audience doesn't tend to be
that interested from a numbers
perspective in me interviewing other
political commentators right the things
that seem to do better our interviews
with actual newsmakers primary sources
on issues scientists professors experts
in fields when I do the interviews with
other pundit types or commentator types
it doesn't usually do that well with
some exception so that's why I we tend
not to book those types of guests but
I'm totally up for having more
conservative talk show hosts on if
people are interested in that yeah it's
kind of surprising in a way because
you'd think that if they have a big
audience their viewers would want to see
the exchange too if they tell their
audience that they're appearing on the
show which they might not what he does
they may they may not be doing that so
anyway something to think about I'm sort
of open to it and lastly from the David
Pakman show subreddit entitled David
tries to shame a busy scientist for not
clearing a schedule to talk to David for
free so that David can profit this is a
troll on our subreddit what they're
referring to is the other day Pat sent
an email out to Ben Goldacre who wrote a
book named bad science who I'm reading
the book and I'd like to interview him
and his publicist wrote back basically
saying he's too busy unless we give him
money and we've never paid any guests to
be on the show so I was not pleased with
that so I went on Twitter and I tweeted
him listen I'm really disappointed I'm
reading your book I think it's fantastic
and your publicist says you can only do
it if we pay you and he wrote back
genuinely seeming sort of surprised that
his publicist was saying that but still
not agreeing to come on for without
charging and the the subreddit user is
saying I'm entitled because I expect him
to appear for free it's not that I
expect him to appear for free it's that
you don't really pay for interview yet I
know either you say as a guest I want to
appear because I want to have the
conversation or I think that it'll sell
books or whatever or you say you're not
going to do it but the I'm really busy
unless you pay me thing is not something
that's very common from guests I don't
think it's about my entitlement if
anything it's about the entitlement of
that publicist to say unless you can pay
you're not we're not going to do it and
also I was thinking what is the amount
they would expect right we had a
conversation off air because if all they
want is a hundred bucks it's pretty
pathetic to even say I would only do it
if you give me a hundred bucks if they
want five grand
it's just laughable like how would
anyone think that paying Ben Goldacre
five grand to appear would be worth it
for anybody I was willing to empty my
piggy bank but you were convincing me
that nine dollars and sixty two cents
wasn't gonna cut it
no you changed my mind if 962 was what
it was going to take then it's pathetic
and that's not really an interview we
should be doing anyway so yeah I'm
really entitled for trying to bring good
guests to the audience what a terrible
person I am okay let's settle back down
david pakman.com slash reddit is where
you can participate in those discussions
ok listen so Fox News has reported on
Roseanne Bars response to me on Twitter
yesterday after her firing but has
removed all evidence that she was
actually responding to me so remind you
yesterday when Roseanne said that ambien
may have been responsible we can
actually go back to the beginning this
all started when Roseanne tweeted Muslim
Brotherhood and Planet of the Apes had a
baby equals Valerie Jarrett that got her
fired from ABC News and then she put out
there the idea that it was ambien that
was in some way responsible for these
tweets and when she did that I responded
to her and said on Twitter oh man this
is just the best Roseann is now
defending her tweets by saying ambien
made her racist and she responded
directly to me saying no I didn't I
blamed myself
stop lying yes I have had odd ambien
experiences on tweeting late at night
like many other people do I blame myself
okay it's just an explanation not an
excuse
okay bully so Fox News reported on that
tweet they removed the reference to her
tweeting too deep Hackman which is me
and they also removed that last thing
where she said okay bully because that
would make it sort of obvious that she's
responding to someone and here is how
Fox News reported on Roseanne Bars tweet
to me no evidence that I was involved in
this thing whatsoever
Roseanne then simultaneously thanked her
supporters for defending her and then
asked them not to stick up for her
quoting hey guys don't defend me it's
sweet of you to try but losing my show
is zero compared to being labeled a
racist over one tweet that I regret even
more and then when she blamed ambien man
Twitter took her to task on Roseanne
responded quoting no I didn't I blamed
myself
stop lying yes I have had odd ambien
experiences on tweeting late at night
like many other people do I blame myself
okay and the ellipses there which was
visible to people who are watching tells
the tale of what was removed which was
calling me a bully I don't really care
but it's yet again I mean just a month
or so ago when Stephen Colbert picked up
on the fact that Melania had liked our
tweet or a tweet about our story
questioning what's going on with her and
Donald Trump's relationship Stephen
Colbert also removing all references to
me and I know it's not all about me but
it's just funny that we keep getting
cooked by corporate media I think they
just don't want to get lost in the
details so it's not a direct insult it's
more of a missed opportunity I think I
think it's a missed opportunity is the
right way to say it I like how your
Twitter though and in your Twitter who
took her to task right I heard the
Twitter took her to task
they showed a response it was a response
to me right it would have been nice to
get a little mention but that sounded
like trace Gallagher reading those
tweets not expecting a shout-out from
trace Gallagher anytime soon on Fox News
let's talk about net neutrality I've
been covering not only the federal
government effort to restore net
neutrality the Senate vote to do it
