[Music]
the david pakman show at david
pakman.com there are some breathless
reports being published that say that
North Korean leader Kim jong-un has
agreed to meet Donald Trump at the DMZ
which is the Demilitarized Zone right at
the border between North and South Korea
on the Korean Peninsula and much like
other North Korea related news it's
being reported as if this is some major
unbelievable development but wasn't it
always sort of obvious that that's where
Kim jong-un would want to meet Donald
Trump more than likely we talked at the
very beginning of the sort of
possibility of the summit taking place
about how Kim jong-un said that he's
willing to meet with President Trump as
if it was big news North Korean leaders
have been desperate to get in the same
room as American presidents in order to
elevate their perceived status going
back a very very long time it wasn't
news and along the same lines this time
the notion that it's big news that Kim
jong-un would be willing to have the
meeting at the DMZ really isn't news and
Trump has been tweeting about this
yesterday he tweeted numerous countries
are being considered for the meeting but
would peace house / freedom house on the
border of North and South Korea be a
more representative important and
lasting site than a third-party country
just asking the other idea was Singapore
Singapore is a place that might not be
obvious why you would have the meeting
in Singapore but Singapore is a place
where the American military has a
presence but there's also a diplomatic
relationship between Singapore and North
Korea as well as a North Korean embassy
so it's one of a sort of smaller subset
of places that would meet both of those
requirements but from a logistics
perspective it's pretty logical for Kim
Jong
own to want to meet at the DMZ right it
allows his team to get set up for the
meeting without dealing with the
possible diplomatic yes we can call them
complexities of traveling around the
world to different places where the
relationship with North Korea may not be
quite so good but really it's the PR and
the propaganda value here combined with
Kim Jong Un's maybe paranoia that
someone might try to do something to him
if you went somewhere else that
immediately pointed to the DMZ is the
place where Kim jong-un would want to
meet and that's the thing about a
meeting at the DMZ because it makes it
so that whatever comes out of the
meeting
getting Donald Trump they're getting him
maybe to step over the line from south
to north korea and shake hands with kim
jong-un the propaganda value the
self-aggrandizing value of that for kim
jong hoon is absolutely huge and quite
frankly it's huge for Trump as well
right Trump would love to have video of
himself doing this going to the DMZ
stepping over the line
shaking can't hands with Kim jong-un
regardless of what actually is even
agreed to in principle at the meeting
and regardless of what actually happens
longer term which we've talked about no
matter what's agreed to at the meeting
we actually have to see what the
follow-through is because there's a long
history of talk and no real action or
not the action that we're hoping for
that would be huge for Trump as well and
not that this is my primary concern
would the Secret Service be okay with a
meeting at the DMZ I mean they like to
get in clear the entire surrounding area
from where the president will be as far
as we know it's hard to imagine came
jong-un saying Secret Service sure come
in to the North Korean side and control
access to the border area how do they
prevent for example I don't know a North
Korean sniper from having a clear view
of Trump during this meeting so
obviously there's no doubt that trying
to kill the president if you're North
Korea would be immediate suicide I'm not
saying they would do it but I'm
explaining why security concerns for
Secret Service would be significant in
terms of a meeting at the DMZ but the
fact that we're talk
about a meeting between an American
president and a North Korean leader at
the DMZ is already huge that I think is
really the most important thing we
talked yesterday how much credit does
Trump deserve we're not gonna rehash
that today and I think a lot of that
will sort of be known in retrospect but
I am actually finding to do this to be
one of the most interesting geopolitical
stories and I'm not it's not a value
judgment of Trump in a way regardless
this is going to be a fascinating month
do you think that this could get Donald
Trump the Nobel Peace Prize
trumpets they're talking about that even
the South Korean president is talking
about that it's the interesting idea to
float but I don't know we'll have to see
it's funny how trumpets are all about
America first and only our opinion
matters until South Korea now thinks
that Trump is responsible for the
progress that's been made and we know
that South Korea is one of in the in the
entire world is one of the most Pro
Trump countries and I would wait until
we have more information before jumping
in with South Korea on that I think I
would also wait on the Nobel Peace Prize
I think again it would depend on what is
Trump's actual involvement and
responsibility here which we don't know
well after the Camp David Accords Bagan
and Sadat shared the Nobel Peace Prize
Jimmy Carter didn't get it so if there's
any precedent there that you could read
from that I don't think Donald Trump
stands to be right it would be i guess i
mean kim jeong-hoon yeah jong-un with a
Nobel Peace Prize will trump do a
classic handshake power move like he's
done with others and physically pull Kim
jong-un over to the South Korean side
then all of a sudden North Korean
soldiers will grab Kim Jong Un's ankles
and pull him back into North Korean
territory that would be some great video
so the month of May is going to be crazy
I'm glad we have no vacations scheduled
in May other than Memorial Day weekend
and a three week break starting next
week so other than that we'll be here
the entire time no I'm kidding we
actually will be here and covering the
summit and everything else that comes
from it
okay let's talk a little bit about the
latest from Robert Muller and Donald
Trump we've talked about the back story
of Robert Moeller's team wanting to meet
with Donald Trump there was resistance
from Donald Trump's lawyer you had
lawyers I think is better said a variety
of lawyers each with a
slightly different opinion on this
hypothetical meeting publicly Trump said
that he would want to do it and he would
try to do it if the circumstances are
appropriate there was a sort of debate
around well would Muller be willing to
submit written questions to Trump or if
it's going to be in person maybe the
possibility of limiting the duration of
the meeting or at least limiting the
scope to only certain topics and what
was clear all along is that this was
going to be risky for Trump no matter
what restrictions were placed if there
was an in-person meeting right for for
Donald Trump to be interviewed by robert
muller or more likely investigators
working with robert muller
could be very very dangerous trump
possibly coming in with the idea that he
can just outsmart molar or molars
investigators usually investigators are
smarter than that often asking questions
that they already know the answers to to
see if there's any inconsistencies or
maybe apparent attempts to try to be
deceptive so we got this list of
questions now that robert muller would
want to ask Donald Trump and I want to
think about a couple things as we look
through the list and the New York Times
obtained this list we don't know if it's
a complete list but we know that there's
nearly 50 questions on this list we also
don't know exactly what the source was
in the sense of were these literally the
questions as stated by Trump's
investigators to Trump's lawyers or were
these notes taken by someone at the
White House up to and including Donald
Trump about the sort of general gist of
the questions and we'll get to that
Donald Trump immediately upon the
release of these questions by the New
York Times tweeting that he is not happy
with it he tweeted so disgraceful that
the questions concerning the Russian
witch-hunt
all capitalized letters because I guess
that now is considered a proper noun
were leaked to the media no questions on
collusion oh I see you have a made-up
phony crime collusion that never existed
and an investigation begun with
illegally leaked classified information
nice now even if you can't parse the
grammar there I think we can all sort of
generally understand that Trump's not
happy about the fact that these
questions are public or at least
claiming not to be happy so let's talk
out that leaking of the questions Trump
says he's mad about it New York Times
says they got the questions from someone
outside of Donald Trump's legal team but
they haven't said more about it what
appears to have happened is that
Muller's team passed along a list of
questions to Trump's team more than
likely at the request of Trump's lawyers
saying hey we want to see some of these
questions in advance
someone at the White House leaked them
now if Trump is mad at anybody he should
be mad at his own people right because
the New York Times didn't steal these
questions but it's also possible that
the leak was orchestrated by the Trump
team not as a actual leak but a planned
leak to try to deal Aegina my's the
questions ahead of time and I actually
want to go even further there's the case
to be made that maybe Trump did the
leaking himself Michael Zeldin is a CNN
legal analyst who used to work for
Robert Muller and he says that the way
the questions are written including very
very poor grammar suggests that it would
maybe have been Trump himself who took
these notes and leaked the questions I
don't have a hard time believing that in
principle I just have a hard time
imagining Trump actually taking notes
during a meeting like we know he doesn't
read anything and my guess is he also
writes very very little and I just don't
see Trump being the guy taking the notes
during the meeting will we ever know who
leaked these maybe not let's get to the
questions the questions are wide-ranging
some of them are very very specific at
the same time question what did you know
about phone calls that Michael Flynn
made with Russian ambassador Sergey kis
lyac in December of 2016
publicly we've been told Trump didn't
know about that so that would be a very
interesting question for Robert Muller
to ask Trump how was the decision made
to fire Michael Flynn On February 13
2017 relates to obstruction after the
resignations what efforts were made to
reach out to Michael Flynn about seeking
immunity or possible pardon also relates
to possible obstruction of justice what
was the purpose of your February 14th
2017 meeting with James Comey and what
was said that's an example of a question
that is open-ended but specific right
you're not asking a yes-or-no question
you're saying what was the purpose and
what was discussed and leaving it to
Donald Trump to sort of fill in the
blanks as he sees fit but you're being
very specific about which meeting you're
talking about you're not talking about
the earlier meeting with Comey you're
not talking about the phone call with
Comey you're talking about the February
14th Valentine's Day 2017 meeting with
James Comey another example question
regarding the decision to fire mr. Comey
when was it made why and who played a
role very important question in this
entire thing what did you mean when you
told Russian diplomats on May 10th 2017
but firing mr. Comey had taken the
pressure off that's the type of question
that if Trump's lawyers don't control
Trump or they get an agreement to answer
it in writing
that can lead to one of trumps word
salads that could be very very damaging
by what it sort of inadvertently exposes
so this is why it's such a risk to put
Trump in the same room what was the
purpose of your May 12th 2017 tweet this
was the tweet where Donald Trump said
James Comey better hope that there are
no tapes of our conversations very
interesting topic in this as well when
did you become aware of the Trump Tower
meeting that is a major major story
particularly now that we've heard from
the Russian lawyer Natalia vessel at
skaia we discussed yesterday that she
was actually working as a Russian
informant when is it that Donald Trump
learned about that and then also they
get to what did Trump know about the
communication between Roger stone his
associates Julian Assange or WikiLeaks
an increasingly interesting topic as
well which I asked Roger stone about by
the way when when we interviewed him on
the program I won't read the full list
we're linking to it on YouTube but the
big picture the most important elements
are as I said open-ended questions but
focused on specific conversations and
events and knowledge the other element
that I think is very interesting here is
that the questions we've seen have a
very wide set of paths right they relate
to Trump conversations with specific
Russians they include Oleg arcs that
we've discussed
they include Trump's thoughts on recusal
and possible firings and hacking in
WikiLeaks and everything in between
what would be
really great is if in a fit tomorrow
morning Trump decides to call up Fox and
Friends and starts answering some of
these questions looking to sort of slam
Moeller
but maybe boneheaded leave revealing
even more interesting answers because
that's actually been the theme of this
entire Trump Russia thing which is
self-inflicted damage had Trump never
tweeted and talked about what did or
didn't go on with Russia we would not
have anything close to the investigation
that we currently have and the the final
question that I have is is this gonna
happen right will Muller or an associate
question Trump in person there are
reports that there might be or could be
a subpoena submitted there are also
reports simultaneously that Muller might
decide to move forward without talking
to Trump altogether we don't yet know
but hopefully we will soon I'm on
Twitter at D Pakman the show is on
Twitter at David Pakman show we'll take
a quick break and be back after this the
david pakman show at david pakman.com
[Music]
[Music]
the david pakman show at david
pakman.com today's new member of the day
is ross green lat ross thank you for
supporting independent media like the
david pakman show also want to say
thanks to Steve Archibald
Steve Archibald has been a david pakman
show member since 2012 thanks to our new
and long-term sustaining members you can
become a member at join pakman.com every
time I say it now I laugh about house
how long it's been that that was not the
website to sign up and it was a much
more convoluted one and then now all of
a sudden join pakman.com what could be
easier you just got to spell it right
and II don't know how to spell Pakman
you don't deserve to become a member
that's exactly right I read that on
4chan and I still believe that it's true
join pakman.com coupon code vote soon 18
and patreon patreon.com
slash david pakman show okay I wasn't
going to talk about michelle wolf and
the White House Correspondents Dinner
since we normally don't really say much
about it but the scandal around it has
made me want to have a conversation
about it and what was notable this this
year about the White House
Correspondents Dinner was that Trump
didn't attend normally the president
goes they get roasted to some degree and
they generally take it pretty well
Michelle wolf headlined the event in
Trump's absence she made jokes some were
aggressive some were less aggressive
some were very funny some were not as
funny but she's getting absolutely
crushed by conservative media and even
some on the not right like not left
wingers per se but even just sort of
some general media criticism is saying
that maybe Michelle wolf went too far
and the normal MO with these things is
the people being made fun of it's
usually the president people in the
current administration sometimes media
as well they sort of all take it in
stride right cuz it doesn't look good
when you don't and then the partisan al
analysts from the administration's party
will slam the comedian is going too far
or being too aggressive or being
insensitive or distasteful when it was
Obama you'd hear a little bit of that
from the left but mostly it was
understood that this is comedy
right it's comedy and it's comedy period
the right has absolutely lost its mind
over Michelle Wolf's jokes saying
everything from it was bullying that was
Mike Huckabee who said that - it was
cruel unfair disgusting inaccurate and
this is so funny
on so many levels first and foremost
being the same free speech warriors who
were supposedly against the trigger
warnings and the safe spaces are
effectively totally triggered by
Michelle wolf and arguing that she just
went too far and they wanted in practice
the White House Correspondents Dinner to
be a safer space for them than it was I
mean just a glaring hypocrisy but I
thought we should actually look at what
Michelle Wolf said because what really
seems to be getting to them is that
everything Michelle Michelle Wolf said
other than like the clearly sarcastic or
joking comments was true right she
opened with a joke about a porn star
having sex with Trump that happened or
at least there's every indication that
it happened she said Congress
accomplishes very little that's true
most people in the United States degree
she said that at age 32 she's 20 years
older than the age that would make Roy
Moore find her attractive more hasn't
denied to pursuing girls not that much
older than 12 right it's an edgy joke
but it's a fine joke to be making she
referred to Michael Cohen writing a
hundred and thirty thousand dollar check
to someone he did that what's the big
deal she joked about the liberal media
being turned on by the Trump Russia
collusion story that's a critique of
liberal media why would conservatives be
mad about that
she said Hillary wasn't in contact with
Michigan that's a critique of Hillary
Clinton's campaign she joked about Trump
phoning into Fox & Friends
he does phone into Fox & Friends all the
time why is that a big deal she joked
about maybe Trump isn't as rich as he
says he is well we know that that's
something that bothers Trump it's not
original material others have suggested
that she said Trump is a racist I mean
yeah that's a matter of debate but it's
not really unique or controversial at
this point to say that Trump has racist
tendencies she suggested that a Trump
impeachment might be bad because it
would
