[Music]
the david pakman show at david
pakman.com we're gonna start today with
a media story I'm gonna present to you
today the epitome of right wing media
dishonesty and distortion and it's gonna
be specifically talking about the
economy and employment numbers so last
week as often happens in the first few
days of a new month we get the jobs
numbers from the previous month
we got them late last week from June
there were totally unremarkable job
numbers for June more or less a
continuation of similar numbers that we
saw what we saw under President Obama
213 thousand jobs were added during the
Obama administration 214 thousand jobs
per month were added that was during
Obama's second term the unemployment
rate went up slightly to 4% very small
change I've been telling you for years
and years how the unemployment rate is
calculated it's been calculated the same
way for a very long time very often when
you have low unemployment numbers under
a Democratic president you will see
Republicans say when people stopped
looking for work they're no longer
counted as unemployed so the number
doesn't mean anything and then all of a
sudden when a Republican has low
unemployment numbers Republicans seem to
completely forget that they were
critical of how that number is
formulated when it was Barack Obama or a
Democrat what we do often see
Republicans talk about when there is a
Democrat in the White House is the
number of people who are not working
sometimes this is used interchangeably
with the labor force participation rate
and I've been telling you for a year
after year after year that the raw
number of people that are working or the
raw number of people that are not
working the labor force participation
rate they are very often misleading
sometimes useless and almost 100 percent
of the time
those numbers are used for political
gain by whoever is looking to distort
the reality of the economy it
communicates almost nothing about to the
about the economy to say X number of
people are working and the headline that
Drudge Report right-wing propaganda
sludge report ran when the June numbers
came out red record 155 million employed
this is presumably the number of people
with jobs in the United States I am also
going to show you the headline from the
same website Drudge Report on March 8th
of 2013 when Barack Obama was president
the headline read eighty nine point
three million not working the number of
people not who are unemployed but people
who aren't in the labor force right so
when Drudge said eighty nine million not
working that included retired people
that included full-time college students
it included stay-at-home parents who
don't need to work because they are
well-off financially and what you need
to understand to realize how you are
being manipulated or there are attempts
to manipulate you with these numbers
remember that the population of the
United States has been going up forever
at many times in American history there
have been record numbers of people
working at the same time that you had
record numbers of people not working you
can display either number to make a
political point and case in point as I
told you a month ago maybe it was two
months ago
there are also a record number of people
not working right now just as right now
we have if you believe the numbers from
Drudge Report more people than ever
working because there are more people in
the United States than ever before the
numbers mean nothing
and following Drudge Report right-wing
media just jumped all over this thing as
if it was some miracle and I hate to
break it to them but sometimes record
numbers of people working isn't a
positive thing and I'll explain the
percentage not the number
the percentage of people over 85 years
of age 85 or older working today is very
high
back in 2006 before the the recession
2.6 percent of those 85 or older were
working 2.6 percent today you have
almost twice as many people over age 85
working they're part of the victorious
great economy of record numbers of
people working right well hold on let's
just think about it for a second some
people who are over age 85 were working
because they want to some people over
age 85 are working because 85 year olds
are slightly healthier today than they
were in 2006 on average although there
hasn't actually been that big of a
change but overall when you read that
part of the record number of people
working is a higher than ever rate of 85
plus year-olds you have to think about
it and realize wait a second there's
more eighty five year olds than ever
working because they have to because
wages are stagnant because cost of
living goes up as wages are stagnant and
Pat this is how the right-wing media
spins these bogus narratives they put up
a number record 155 million working it
means nothing and it becomes the talking
point for the month of July yeah I
remember shortly after the Trump
administration began Sean Spicer was
saying that the president didn't believe
the strong jobs numbers under Obama
right but now the Trump is president he
obviously does believe them but I mean
that that was at least delivered
somewhat tongue-in-cheek I guess it's a
lot of epoxy when he said that it wasn't
clear whether it was like a 90 percent
joke or a 50 percent joke but there was
like some understanding of the political
nature of the numbers it was the Drudge
Report they're trying to deceive you and
sightings actually succeeded with many
of us they do and unfortunately the
audience that it is being delivered to
is eating it up like it is being just
ladle fed to them and it's it's any
small amount of critical analysis
applied to that tells you that it is
merely spoon feeding nonsense to a
hungry audience that's all it is the
Trump administration is now admitting
that they've lost track of about
percent of the parents of the toddlers
who have been separated from their
parents so kids of all ages have been
separated from their parents at the
border looking specifically at those
five years of age and younger the Trump
administration said during a conference
call with both reporters and a judge
that they are unsure about the
whereabouts of one in five sets of
parents of the toddler's separated and
it's not clear if and when they are
going to be reunited a US District Judge
Dana
Sabra was on this call Friday this is
related to the deadline the
administration was given a deadline of
tomorrow July 10th for reuniting these
separated toddlers with their parents
and originally the Trump administration
said they were gonna meet that deadline
they then backtracked now they're going
to miss the deadline and the new number
is that roughly half of those under five
will hopefully be reunited by tomorrow's
deadline and Alice Olsteen from Talking
Points Memo has been following the court
cases around this and she tweeted as
this was developing the Trump
administration just told a federal judge
that 19 parents of children under five
years old have already been deported
they are arguing that they shouldn't
have to reunite them with their kids the
ACLU is pushing back the kids under five
are in the u.s. at these internment
style detention centers the parents are
gone the parents are no longer in the
country what do you do next
this is a humanitarian crisis it's a
moral crisis it's a legal crisis in the
sense that are there going to be any
repercussions to anybody for not
reuniting these kids with their parents
that's not being discussed also not
being discussed is the financial aspect
here it's not cheap to keep Hiep these
kids after you've deported their parents
why would you do it even if you lack
empathy for the kids or
parents even if you don't have a
compassionate bone in your body what
about the cost of this why not send the
kids back with the parents and it's the
party supposedly a fiscal responsibility
it's the president who campaigned as
Trump did on being fiscally responsible
what is fiscally responsible about this
and of course the truth is fiscal
responsibility is a propaganda line it's
never actually a priority it's something
you say and when we actually get down to
it and we think about going beyond now
just the the child migrant crisis the
blue state subsidized the red states red
states lack infrastructure they lack
education they lack access to health
care because their economies are by and
large not working and without the blue
states like California New York
Connecticut Massachusetts New Jersey
Illinois Minnesota actually is is one
that pays in much more than they get out
federally without those blue states
places like Mississippi and Alabama and
Virginia although Virginia's kind of
purple New Mexico West Virginia Alaska
Indiana a lot of these places would be
screwed full-stop like I don't have to
qualify it in any other way but you know
who does win hugely from these
detentions of the kids of the adults who
ever it's the private detention
companies it's the banks that own huge
interests in those private detention
companies it's a huge score for them and
part of this is immoral policy part of
this is incompetence they've literally
lost track of what's going on and they
are not only unable to get everyone
reunited at this point it's not even
clear it's legally possible because the
parents of some of the kids are gone pat
they're not even in the United States
you're not going to reunite them you're
simply not and I'm curious to see
ultimately what happens with the
deadline and are there any repercussions
the administration already saying well
half of them simply aren't going to be
reunited our goal now is 50% will there
be any consequence to the Trump
administration if you think the answer
might be yes let me know how because
I'm not optimistic about that send me
your thoughts I'm on Twitter at D Pakman
the show is on twitter at david pakman
show we'll take a quick break and be
back after this huge news weekend that I
want to tell you about the david pakman
show at david pakman.com
[Music]
[Music]
the david pakman show at david
pakman.com let's say hi to a few people
actually I'll say more than I will say
thank you to Joseph
Isaiah coos today's new member of the
day also want to say thanks to Mark
Danielson mark has been with us since
2010 eight years of membership that's
two full presidential terms of
membership for mark Danielson thanks to
Joseph thanks to mark join them by
signing up for a membership at WWE
pakman.com you can also become a patron
it's only a dollar a month minimum very
low entry to this what we call what what
they caught mean I didn't come up with
it what is called patreon go to
patreon.com/scishow
ok I I think it's time to not sugarcoat
the problem that we may have called no
voter turnout in November and just kind
of tell it like it is I've been talking
about voting in the midterms we have a
lot of different forms of activism that
we are working on in order to resist the
Trump regime but one of the primary ones
that I've been espousing for a long time
is you've got a vote in November right
there's nothing else if you've been
activated by the election of Trump if
you're horrified by the embarrassment of
the United States's reputation around
the world if you're just concerned about
a particular issue like the possibility
as legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said of
abortion bans in 18 to 20 states over
the next couple of years on the basis of
Donald Trump's soon-to-be announced
Supreme Court pick whatever you're doing
in addition to voting you've got a vote
okay and when we talk about specifically
November of 2018 I've told you about the
historically low turnout in midterm
elections that means your vote
sort of matters even more right if the
turnout is expected to be lower on a
mathematical level your vote matters
even more I've talked about the
importance of voting to interrupt the
Trump agenda we've talked about the
Supreme Court implications I've said
before does
matter what Robert Mulder comes up with
if you have a Republican House and
Senate between 2018 and 2020 or 19 and
21 as it is effectively you're not going
to have consequences to Mulder's
investigation we've talked about that as
well Pat you've got to vote for that
reason yeah in history would tell us
that the Democrats will do well in the
2018 midterms but history also told us
that Hillary Clinton would win the 2016
election exactly right the economy was
relatively strong and Obama was popular
but that didn't happen it did not happen
and fortunately in the middle of 2017 we
had high enthusiasm high engagement in
terms of being engaged and even a few
months ago in April of 2018 several
polls still showed that there was an
enthusiasm gap in favor of Democrats
depending on the poll maybe not quite as
big that enthusiasm gap is rapidly
shrinking and potentially fading and
this is a disaster and I have been doing
whatever I can to explain why you must
vote in November of 2018 I've challenged
this false logically fallacious idea
that because one vote never changes in
elections results it's not worth voting
I won't do that again but I've been
talking about that and I've been
explaining why all of this matters and
over the weekend I got it I got an email
from longtime viewer Stephanie who's
been a great supporter of the show by
the way
for many many years who said hey David I
want to do my part to get people to vote
can I sponsor some half price
memberships for people who are working
on getting people to vote in November
and Stephanie and I went back and forth
and we sort of came to the reality that
in some way it would have to be on the
honor system right like how can we
demonstrate that someone has earned a
half-price membership there's really no
way to do it so here's what we're going
to do okay if you're doing anything to
help take down this right-wing regime in
November you can get a half-price
membership if you want it Stephanie will
pay for half of your membership
memberships are normally 60 bucks for
the year all the member benefits that
you get normally 60 bucks for the year
Stephanie will pay 30 you pay the other
30 just write in and tell me what you're
doing for the midterms if you're phone
banking great if you're helping people
register great if you're just badgering
your friends to vote that's fantastic
and honestly Stephanie
even said with midterm election turnout
so low as I mentioned she said David if
people write in and simply say they're
gonna vote in the midterms and that they
want a half-price membership she's
willing to sponsor that as well so it's
on the honor system if you don't need
the discount and and you would be okay
paying full price don't ask for the
discount the idea is to expand access
and bring more people into what we're
doing for a good cause really a crucial
cause if you want the half-price
membership go to david pakman.com slash
contact tell me what you're doing for
the 2018 midterms and that you want one
of these half-price
Stephani memberships and I'll send you
the coupon code it's the honor system
and Stephanie's okay with that yeah
we're doing everything we can to get
people engaged here yeah our thanks to
Stephanie I love this contest especially
because I think I'm in need of some hope
and yes inspiration and I think this
will provide that to me Pat's gonna get
fourteen hundred half-price memberships
on the basis of I guess his
participation on the show and that
that's that's what Pat's piece is half
price membership just right in david
pakman.com slash contact tell me what
you're doing to help with the November
midterms and I'll send you that coupon
code no limit Stephanie could end up
having to pay for a lot of $30
memberships here because she said she
believes that she can cover as many
memberships as we might get from and all
1,400 of mine too that's us she's in for
many many tens of thousands of dollars
on that basis okay the world's two
biggest economies are the United States
and China the United States and China
are also now in a trade war thanks to
Donald Trump and what I want to prepare
you for is a bunch of the stuff that you
buy regularly getting much more
expensive as you might remember the
Trump administration previously
announced tariffs on China those went
into effect on Friday and there are new
tariffs now on thirty four billion
dollars in Chinese products China
immediately retaliated with thirty four
billion dollars in tariffs on American
products five hundred and forty five
different goods targeted by China long
list beef seafood dairy not concerning
for the vegans I guess but also farm
goods including this is going
beans are actually a big part of what's
going on with the tariffs and vegan Pat
is gonna be very very concerned about
that
cars another tariffed item this isn't
good for American workers the Chinese
people buy a ton of stuff from Nike and
Apple and Starbucks vehicles from
General Motors a lot of the
manufacturing for the American companies
does happen in China but these are in
the end American companies that are
going to be hit so on the one hand
you've got Chinese tariffs on the US
that's going to hurt American workers
then on the other hand American tariffs
on Chinese stuff are going to make
Chinese products more expensive for
American workers this is not good for
American workers Trump promised he was
just going to be great for American
workers and this is just the first 34
billion from Trump we know that there is
potentially another 16 billion
kind of in process and Trump has
threatened as much as 450 billion
dollars in tariffs and I've been ranting
and raving to you about the short-term
impacts of these tariffs for a while you
know them by now the question I'm now
thinking about and I was reading about
over the weekend is how does this end
what's the endgame here Trump claims
that the tariffs are because China is
unfair to the United States on trade and
is stealing intellectual property okay
those are specifics so are you putting
the tariffs in and then negotiating to
fix those problems do Trump's advisors
even agree on what the solution to those
problems would be hint they don't agree
on what the path forward is and just as
sort of like a vignette of what is going
on American businesses that deal in
soybeans for example soybeans are a big
part of how these tariffs are just gonna
be absolutely disastrous soybean farmers
in the US and the Midwest are already
delaying buying equipment and making
investments in their own businesses so
the way it works is Trump tariffs China
China tariffs American soybeans the
American soybean farmer says well I'm
going to delay
