[Music]
the david pakman show at david
pakman.com it looks like yet another
piece of that infamous Christopher
Steele Trump Russia dossier the one that
the trumpets have been sort of going
apoplectic to try to debunk for months
now another element of it seems to have
been proven true or at least
corroborated and you might remember you
might not that one of the assertions of
the steel dossier was about the
involvement of Blackwater founder Eric
Prince in trying to set up a
back-channel between the Russian Kremlin
and then president-elect Trump it was in
January of 2017 before the inauguration
of Trump that supposedly Eric Prince was
trying to set up this back-channel and
as a quick reminder Blackwater is the
mercenary firm often hired by the US
government
Eric Prince is its founder he also
happens to be the brother of Secretary
of Education Betsy DeVos which is a
story for a different day if that's new
information to you and after the dossier
surfaced alleging that prince tried to
set up this back-channel prince denied
it
his attorney denied it and we now have a
new report months and months later which
says that Robert Muller might already
have evidence that indeed Eric Prince
did exactly this tried to establish this
back channel between the Trump
transition team and Kremlin operatives
and the Washington Post has a great
story on it where they report that a
witness who is cooperating with Robert
mullahs investigators says yeah the
meeting took place and the meeting took
place in January of 2017 and what Eric
prince told congressional investigators
he didn't deny that the referenced
meeting happened he denied that it was
planned saying instead oh it was a
totally chance
encounter and also denied that it had
anything to do with US Russia relations
visa vie the inauguration of President
Donald Trump but that happens to be the
exact opposite of what this cooperating
witness has told Robert Muller according
to the Washington Post report and
according to the witness the meeting was
not a chance encounter it was set up in
advance and it was specifically set up
so that a representative of Trump's
transition team would meet a delegate
from Russia specifically to figure out
how to communicate in the future and
we're now getting beyond sort of
circumstantial inaccuracies or something
you could write off to a semantic
disagreement right there's no way that
we can say semantics explains the
difference between Eric Prince's version
of events and this cooperating witnesses
version of events you can't say the
language was ambiguous there are
somebody is flat-out lying here if these
are the assertions that have been made
by each party either it was a planned
meeting or it was a chance encounter
that Eric prince absolutely did not
expect if it's a planned meeting then
Eric prince directly lied to
investigators and that's something that
usually ends up with you having a pretty
bad time and this also sort of more
broadly shows the consistent pattern by
Trump associates to try to create back
channels right because it's not just
Eric Prince from Blackwater accused of
trying to create a back channel to
Russia you might remember that the exact
same accusation exists against Donald
Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner the
accusation that he met with Russian
ambassador Sergey kis lyac to do almost
this exact same thing potentially on a
sort of more ongoing basis than just for
the transition period Kushner was
looking at doing this at creating this
back-channel to the Kremlin specifically
to get around American intelligence
agencies awareness of what it is that
they're doing and as I read about this
there's no way that Moeller's team is
just feeling around right I mean they
clearly know what is going on and are
trying to see who's lying about this at
this point last week we kind of talked
about it and I pointed out
and it's not something that I came up
with uniquely right I mean it's widely
known that when investigators at this
level the the investigators working at
the level of Robert Muller when they
asked questions they asked questions
typically that they already know the
answers to to try to figure out who is
lying and where there are disagreements
or inconsistencies but they must know in
this case what the truth is and I would
love to see Eric prints taken down
reportedly a multi-billionaire just like
his sister Betsy DeVos who has made just
disgusting amounts of money basically
selling private war services to
governments including the government of
the United States and if you're
wondering what's going on with
Blackwater these days I haven't heard
much about it that's because they've
changed their name
Blackwater technically no longer exists
it was first called Blackwater it was
then renamed Z services like X E even
more innocuous and then later renamed
Academy with an AI most companies don't
want to be regularly changing names
because you sort of build brand
awareness and recognition under one
particular name this is the opposite a
cat when you hear the name Academy with
an AI you say
Blackwater and mercenary services and
private war contracting that doesn't
sound at all like a company that would
be doing that that's exactly what they
want and indeed Blackwater as black
water doesn't even exist anymore yeah
that's a problem and also we know that
patronage and nepotism is rampant yeah
this White House do you think this
connection led to Betsy DeVos becoming
the education secretary that's been the
speculation for a while I mean she her
husband and her I mean she has got a ton
of money as well I don't want to make it
seem like it's the guy who wears a
million dollar they both between them
were donating the max2
Trump and cronies and whatever so yeah I
mean certainly I would speculate that
the Eric prince connection is a
connection that was relevant for her but
also she and her husband were donating
big bucks to Trump so I think there's no
question that she had no business being
Secretary of Education there's no doubt
about that
how she got into the position could have
been Eric Prince could have been because
of her donations who knows at this point
but yet another piece of the steel
see a reportedly corroborated this is a
big story that happened over the last I
guess we would say 12 took 12 to 14
hours you probably know if you watch our
show that for weeks and weeks and weeks
the White House has been super careful
not to admit that Donald Trump was in
any way involved or even knew about the
hundred and thirty thousand dollars in
hush money that was paid and the
non-disclosure agreement that was put in
place for pornstar stormy Daniels who
had an affair with Donald Trump I think
at this point we can say with basic
basically total certitude that the
affair took place it's a question of how
much Trump was involved in the cover-up
and the framing all along from the Trump
side has been first of all it's all made
up now if you don't believe that it's
all made up and increasingly people
don't the argument is the payment was
made personally by Trump's personal
attorney Michael Cohen the
non-disclosure agreement doesn't even
have Trump's signature on it which we
talked about yesterday is probably a way
to try to maintain plausible deniability
about the entire thing but the strategy
all along has been never acknowledged
that anything took place and certainly
don't acknowledge that Trump had any
knowledge of or involvement in any deal
making whatsoever with stormy Daniels
regardless of whether you believe that
the affair did or didn't take place it
all blew up in Trump's face yesterday
and he is now reportedly furious with
his press secretary Sarah Huckabee
Sanders because she seemed to
accidentally admit at least it appeared
to be an accident that Donald Trump was
involved in arbitration with stormy
Daniels and presumably knew about that
hush money payment and the
non-disclosure agreement in in this
apparent desperation to show that Trump
came out on top
Sarah Huckabee Sanders said we won this
in arbitration and of course any normal
person would say well if you're
admitting that there's something to win
it sorry if you're admitting that you
won something you're admitting that
there was something to win which has not
been directly acknowledged until
yesterday take a look at this first clip
breasts
our feelings on that situation in
regards to the stormy Daniels payments
but specifically can I ask did the
president approve of the payment that
was made in October of 2016 by his
longtime lawyer and advisor Michael
Cohen look the president has addressed
these directly and made very well clear
that none of these allegations are true
this case has already been won in
arbitration and anything beyond that I
would refer you to the president's
outcome outside counsel when did the
president address specifically the cash
payment it was made in October of 2016
has denied the allegations against him
and again this case has already been won
and arbitration anything beyond that I
would refer you to outside counsel about
that at this time though I've addressed
this as far as I can go yeah so listen
number one Jeff Zeleny is right that
Trump hasn't addressed this directly but
let's ignore that for now because twice
there Sarah Huckabee Sanders says we
Trump won this in arbitration and there
was follow-up because it didn't get by
the reporters in the room who realized
if something has been won then who won
it and when and in this next clip I
apologize because the sound on the
source clip glitches but I think we'll
still be able to figure out sort of the
gist of what sarah huckabee Sanders is
saying here you said that there's
arbitration that's already been won by
by the president's personal attorneys
and for details on that I would refer
you to them you're aware of them so what
can you more can you hear with us I can
share that counsel on any details beyond
that yellow that second part is huge
right Sarah Huckabee Sanders is the
White House press secretary she doesn't
report about issues that relate only to
Trump's attorney Michael Cohen right in
fact she's super careful basically to
never explain anything to say anything
that doesn't relate directly to Donald
Trump she just says listen I'm the White
House press secretary and I can't speak
about that because it relates to this
person or that person who don't work in
this administration the fact that she
says something means that it relates to
Donald Trump and that Trump won
something in our
betrayin now it's not true that Trump
want anything in arbitration by the way
but that doesn't matter because the big
thing here is if she even says that
there was something for Trump to win
it's because there is some agreement and
totally predictably Trump is furious
Trump is furious with Sarah Huckabee
Sanders she had been doing so well I
guess compared to Sean Spicer I don't
know what the what the frame of
reference is and a source said to CNN
POTUS is very unhappy Sarah gave the
stormy Daniel storyline steroids
yesterday and then we got a follow-up
statement from stormy Daniels's attorney
who said yeah and he won the popular
vote to president Trump hasn't won
anything related to Miz Clifford that
stormy Daniels real name first of all it
doesn't appear as if he was even a party
to the arbitration miss Sanders is
referring to how can you win something
you're not even a part of secondly
claiming that mr. Trump won at
arbitration when there has been no
hearing no notice to miss Clifford no
opportunity to get given to her to
respond and no decision on the merits is
completely bogus not a good day for
Sarah Huckabee Sanders and clearly not a
good day for the narrative that Trump
has no idea it's all super confusing
where is this story coming from we don't
get it and I've said before that I find
Sarah Huckabee Sanders to be she
transmits this visceral feeling of
grandiosity about herself she really
seems to relish sort of exerting control
over the press corps during these
briefings and I for one am glad that she
has finally now slipped up and might
experience the wrath of an unhappy
Donald Trump yeah yesterday you were
talking about who in the White House is
likely to be the next to go I didn't
name her Sarah Huckabee Sanders wasn't
on that list now after this gaffe I
think you have to put her on there
things can to make a 180 very very
quickly with Trump you can get on
Trump's bad side in an instant and that
is what it appears that Sarah Huckabee
Sanders did so what will be next I mean
listen ultimately I think we all realize
that there's going to have to be some
accounting for or explanation of the
entire stormy Daniels thing my
diction would be that without ever
admitting anything we will get some kind
of statement saying yeah we paid her off
because she was lying at a time when it
could have affected the campaign and we
wanted to get her out of the way without
ever admitting anything although it
becomes more and more difficult to
believe that with every passing day send
me your thoughts on this story I'm on
Twitter at D Pakman and the show is on
Twitter at David Pakman show we'll be
back right after this the david pakman
show at david pakman.com
[Music]
[Music]
the david pakman show at david
pakman.com this program is mostly
supported by viewers and listeners of
the show through something called the
membership program and through our
patreon fundraising page and today's new
member of the day is brandon long car
brandon thank you for being a member I
also want to thank our sustaining member
of the day Clinton Lowe who has been
with us since August of 2011 and you can
join Brandon and Clinton at a 40%
discount right now if you use the coupon
code vote soon 18 at david pakman.com
slash membership we will soon be
announcing actually a pretty cool
initiative that will relate to sort of
the expansion of the show when it
relates to membership it relates to
patreon really throw a lot of very
exciting things but in the meantime
david pakman.com slash membership if you
want a free david pakman show
bumper-sticker available in either of
two colors black or white sign up for a
new yearly membership at david
pakman.com slash membership and then
just get in touch and tell me which
color bumper sticker you want and where
we should send it and we'll get that
right out to you I also invite you to
participate in the david pakman show
subreddit nearly 6,000 of our viewers
and listeners regularly discuss and
debate politics there a few interesting
discussions that I saw this morning when
I browse david pakman.com slash reddit
1 is a post arguing that the left
doesn't take anti-semitism seriously and
the post specifically relates to the
vile and toxic anti-semite Louis
Farrakhan Farrakhan I'm not even sure
how to pronounce his last name but big
picture I've talked about this issue
before I do think that there is a
problem on the left of not taking
anti-semitism seriously there's the idea
that Jews are doing great in the United
States and so even if there is any kind
of antipathy towards Jews we don't
really need to worry about it and it's a
very very easy way to minimize
anti-semitism and I generally do agree
with that so yes very interesting
discussion also from the David Pakman
show subreddit a poster says I honestly
enjoy
the David Pakman show but does anyone
else think he can be very condescending
to callers and guests and interestingly
just about everybody who responded the
depth of this said no I don't think
David is condescending to the guests I
think that David is very direct with
them if they're wasting time or if
they're not getting to a question or if
they're filibustering but you should
watch other shows if you think David is
condescending to guests
I I don't you know listen I'm not gonna
baby if you're choosing to call into a
show and make a political claim I'm not
gonna treat you like you're a kid if I
disagree with you I will tell you if I
believe that you're not defending your
assertion I will tell you and if I think
you're wasting my time I will also tell
you but it's not like people are victims
when they choose to call into the show
and make a point right I I don't know I
intend to disagree with sometimes we're
a little too respectful I would say I
argue the same thing when I allow
someone to go on for two minutes without
asking any questions and then eventually
I say listen you're killing me I got to
get the question from you it's it's my
television though I don't disagree but
it also is necessary we got to move the
show along right also from the David
Pakman show subreddit is there a way to
be pro-israel and not support Benjamin
Netanyahu yeah you just say I believe
Israel should exist and is a valuable
project and I am against Benjamin
Netanyahu I mean it's it's sort of
straightforward I think maybe the better
question or maybe the implicit question
here is is there a way without
supporting the current regime to still
be seen as a supporter of Israel and I
would argue it depends who you ask
because there are definitely extremist
right-wing elements who see anything
short of total support for Benjamin
Netanyahu as being against Israel yeah
and yeah I mean the answer is very clear
and resounding yes feel like you've been
doing it for a long time Pro anti
Benjamin Netanyahu please please and
thank you I appreciate that I wasn't
gonna pat myself on the back but if
you're gonna point out that's my
position I'll gladly accept it also from
the David Pakman show subreddit a very
interesting article about how the NRA
and its allies used jargon and semantics
to bully gun control supporters this is
very very true and one really good
example is that
because the ar-15 rifle has played a
role in so many mass shootings it's
become popular for the pro-gun right to
ask people who believe ar-15 should be
banned if they know what AR stands for
and many people will say yeah it stands
for assault rifle 15 which is wrong AR
stands for light Armalite the company
that made the first of that style right
I don't think this anymore yes that's
correct but it doesn't matter right I
mean the article is very good because it
points out that it doesn't matter
whether you know what AR stands for you
can still think that it should be a
weapon that is or isn't banned right and
it's a very very interesting article
that someone posted to our subreddit and
I encourage you to check it out and you
can participate in all of these great
discussions at david pakman.com slash
read it it's been a while since we had a
successful or I guess even attempted
