I want to keep talking about trade for
now though we've been talking a ton
about this trade fiasco that's been
caused by Donald Trump and it's actually
a problem with many of our allies but
right now it's acutely a problem with
Canada and most of our conversations are
either about trade sort of generally
we've talked about the sources of the
tariffs that actually exists between the
United States and Canada some of the
Canadian tariffs on US products are a
response to either US tariffs or US
subsidies as I spoke about with the
dairy industry we've talked about the
trade balance that something Donald
Trump also really likes to talk about
we've also explored Donald Trump's
general and competence on trade but one
thing we haven't talked about yet is
another way in which the entire thing
can blow up in Donald Trump's pee face
which it's likely to do and that's
called boycotts
a Canadian boycott of both American
products and of traveling to the United
States has started slowly but especially
over the last ten to 14 days is building
more and more there's another movement
that is focused specifically on
encouraging a Canadian 's not to travel
to the United States to cancel their
planned travel to the United States and
many Canadians are actually doing it and
there are Canadian websites that provide
information to Canadians about whether
products are made in the United States
or not so that Canadians can if they
want to opt for the non American
products and when I tell you about this
I know that I'm gonna get right-wing
nuts
emailing me saying David go back to
Argentina or Israel or wherever it is
you're from and stop taking pleasure in
the boycotting of American businesses
and I'm not reporting it to you because
I'm taking pleasure in it I'm reporting
it to you because it pains me and I want
to stop it we we need to have a total
stop to the ruining of our ji'er
geopolitical relationships by Donald
Trump this isn't fun and games right
jobs depend on what Trump tweets and his
harebrained ideas people's livelihoods
depend on the actions of the president
and I hate
to break it to you but it's not just
Canadian tourists that are bailing on
traveling to the United States we told
you in January of 2018 about travel data
from 2017 to the United States and a lot
of countries are drastically reducing
their travel to the United States the
u.s. can manage without it's not going
to end the United in the United States
economy but jobs are going to be lost
and it won't be good for the economy the
data for 2017 was that 4.6 billion
dollars and about 40,000 jobs were lost
as a result of other countries citizens
reducing their tourism to the United
States much of that attributed of course
to the presidency of Donald Trump and I
hate the boycotts the boycotts are bad
for friends of mine who own businesses
they're bad for people I don't even know
I mean can you imagine I can actually
empathize with people that I don't even
know and it's bad for them but this
could be an effective way to state to
take a stand if people do it we know
that bookings in Trump's hotels even
Trump branded hotels not owned by Trump
but where the name is licensed to Trump
have been taking a hit I have family
very anecdotally in Argentina that is
specifically saying you know we usually
go to the US every two or three years
we're due for that but we're not gonna
go we're gonna go elsewhere because we
simply don't want to go when Donald
Trump is President of the United States
if you're wondering whether Trump even
cares I kind of doubt it I kind of doubt
it and it's yet another way in which he
said he was gonna look out for the
little guy he said he was gonna look out
for the middle man oh the middle class
but it's just not happening and so far
it doesn't actually seem like his
supporters are punishing him for it and
that's the scariest thing in the context
of the upcoming midterm elections and
I'm going to talk about that a little
bit later in the program
join the discussion with more than 6,000
of our viewers and listeners on our
subreddit trade a big topic of
discussion there as well as Paul
Manafort going to jail and lots of the
other things we discussed on today's
show david pakman.com slash re d di t is
where you find
subreddit quick break new-and-improved
shorter breaks on the David Pakman show
coming up next welcome to the program
joining you from very very sunny very
hot Northampton Massachusetts today we
have not only indictments now but also
jailings of Trump staff in the Trump
Russia investigation and it's not going
away and it's not ending anytime soon
former Trump campaign manager Paul
Manafort has been sent to jail and Paul
Manafort you might recall was previously
indicted released on bail I told you
last week he was re-indict 'add for
witness tampering charges he was
contacting people apparently via text
voice and also encrypted message and
trying to influence what they were going
to be telling investigators and he has
been charged and a judge has now sent
him to jail judge Amy Berman Jackson
said quote this isn't middle school I
can't take away his cell phone if I tell
him not to call 56 witnesses will he
call the 57 and he is now in jail and
we're gonna get to Donald Trump's
reaction in a moment but I do want to
remind you that all along we were told
nothing will ever come of this right
there's nothing to look into there will
be no charges
there will be no indictments there will
be certainly nobody going to jail or to
prison and of course pretrial detention
which is what Paul Manafort finds
himself in at this point is not prison
in the sense of a sentence but it is
somebody being held in jail because they
simply weren't able to just behave like
an adult and follow simple instructions
from the judge which include don't start
contacting witnesses and potential
witnesses and influencing their
testimony which is exactly what he did
Trump immediately both defending man
affort with logical fallacies but also
part of the idea is to distance from
mana for and we'll get to that in a
little bit Donald Trump saying it's
wrong to send Paul Manafort to jail
because he has worked for other
presidents and actually in one tweet
which I'm going to show you Donald Trump
it's amazing I know that now there's 280
characters in in a tweet instead of 140
Trump has four glaring errors including
multiple logical fallacies in just one
tweet Trump tweeting Wow
what a tough sentence for Paul Manafort
who has represented Ronald Reagan Bob
Dole and many other top political people
and campaigns didn't know manna for was
the head of the mob and what about and
he says what about Comey
and crooked Hillary and all of the
others very unfair so let's break this
down piece by piece because it's
actually in a sense it's remarkable that
he's able to insert so much nonsense
into one tweet first of all Trump says
that this is a sentence for Paul
Manafort men afford hasn't been
sentenced to anything right men afford
is being held pretrial because of his
behavior and a judge's decision to call
this a sentence confirms I was going to
say demonstrates but it actually
confirms the fundamental total lack of
understanding of the American justice
system that Donald Trump has secondly
Trump says that this is wrong to do to
Paul Manafort because manna for worked
for Ronald Reagan that's an ad hominem
genetic fallacy and you might think well
David ad hominem is when you insult
someone instead of dealing with the
argument ad hominem just means to the
man right it means that it's it could be
a positive or negative statement about
an individual in this case it happens to
be positive but it's the same fallacy as
saying oxygen is bad because Hitler
breathed oxygen right that it's kind of
a silly example here it's manna fort is
good and too good for jail because he
once worked for Ronald Reagan and of
course that's totally fallacious
logically next logical fallacy is Trump
says I didn't know manna for it was the
head of the mob that is a straw man
fallacy right rather than saying why
it's wrong to send manna for it to jail
for the actual reasons manna Ford is
being sent to jail Trump is defending
manna for it by saying this guy's not a
mob boss which is not an argument
anybody made for sending pom anaphoric
to jail and then lastly logical fallacy
number three and this one tweet Trump
says what about Comey and crooked
Hillary right the idea is why is man
afford being held pretrial if neither
James Comey nor Hillary Clinton are in
jail nor prism prison and that's classic
what about ISM right James Comey and
Hillary Clinton haven't been indicted
for anything and in any case even if
they had been indicted that wouldn't
have any bearing on whether the right
decision for Paul Manafort is to hold
him pretrial because he's now accused in
a second series of indictments of
tampering with witnesses and it's also
just a really Doug dumb argument in this
case because in general people who
haven't been charged with crimes don't
get sent to jail right like that's just
it's kind of a dumb argument that
doesn't even make sense at its face and
meanwhile so that on the one hand
there's this ludicrous and laughable
defense of Paul Manafort who's now in
jail at the same time much like with
Michael Cohen the Trump attempt to
distance the campaign from their own
campaign chairman continue Trump said
during this bizarre pseudo press
conference outside of the White House
that quote manna fort has nothing to do
with our campaign there's two analyses
there one is that trumps using the
present tense right when he says manna
Ford has nothing to do with our campaign
that's technically true because manna
Ford is not currently involved with
trump's reelection campaign he's in jail
so obviously he's not currently involved
with Trump's campaign but it's a
distortion right because manna fort was
Trump's campaign chairman Menna fort ran
Donald Trump's delegate strategy which
was a big piece of how he ended up
winning by initially starting to pick up
delegates here and there during the
Republican primary and don't forget that
when it comes to Russia manna fort was
the guy who was pushing the Republican
Party to harden their stance against
Ukraine and to soften their stance on
Russia which they did right before the
the Republican National Convention in
summer of 2016 so the distancing is
totally transparent and bogus and a
really funny side note most media
outlets when Paul Manafort was sent to
jail correctly reported the
headline which is Paul Manafort sent to
jail that that's correct right Paul
Manafort jailed whatever you whatever
phrasing you want to use for at least a
while Fox News was reporting this as
Manafort pleads not guilty to witness
tampering which is accurate but it is
not at all the most relevant and
newsworthy part of the story then
relevant and newsworthy part is not only
has this guy been adult indicted
multiple times he can't even keep it
together enough while out on bail to
stay out of jail and the next thing I
want to talk with you about is the
insanity of the reactions to Paul
Manafort being sent to jail including by
Alan Dershowitz who has completely
jumped the shark over the last year and
a half there is a whole new world out
there of ways to make money online and
I'm not even talking about out and out
scams I mean just ways to make money as
someone who gives their opinion about
things on the internet on YouTube I
often get emails from people saying hey
David you know you could make a lot more
money if you took this position or that
position or if you called out this
person or that one or that idea or this
idea and I even once had a lunch meeting
with a major talk radio person I don't
want to say who it is but it's someone
from the talk radio industry
who said to me you know David if you
could double your income by pretending
to be a conservative instead of a
progressive would you do it and I said
no of course I wouldn't do that and they
said something like it's good to know
what your principles are so you know how
you want to direct your career or
something like that and nevertheless I
never had lunch with that person again
after that meeting but regardless
fortunately our show is doing well
enough that I don't need to do that
right nor would my moral compass even
allow me to concoct some kind of fake
personality or set of positions that's
not my authentic self but there are lots
of ways now that clearly are great
moneymakers and yesterday we were
talking in studio about some of them and
some of them are obvious right like
becoming a conspiracy theorist the
theories themselves don't so much matter
but the thing about conspiracy theories
is that while they won't appeal to a
huge portion of the on
or the online media audience the people
that buy into your conspiracies will
give you money because they'll see you
as having some kind of courage to tell
the truth about whatever you're talking
about so conspiracy theories are a
really big moneymaker that's one but
there's better ways another really great
way to get people to pour money into
your patreon page or whatever else get
you speaking gigs get you invited on to
other shows is to have an awakening
right you have a political awakening and
it mostly works if you go from being
progressive to conservative in some way
because when a conservative has an
awakening and becomes progressive
progressives don't see it as a miracle
we just say yeah it's common sense they
just figured out how the world works so
if you're willing to denounce your
progressivism and concoct some reason
why you're now in the conservative side
because you've seen the light that is
really good for business and you can
make a ton of money doing that and this
will get people to celebrate you as
someone who's willing to admit mistakes
and is now copping to the ultimate truth
really really profitable Pat's taking
notes on that one cuz he's interested in
that one you can also get a ton of
attention and sort of bolster your
rhetorical credentials by setting up
false debates with artificially narrow
parameters to come off as having owned
people or taken them to school on some
issue and it's even more effective if
the people are completely unskilled and
lack any experience in actual political
rhetoric so that you look really good in
alpha you'll kill it and you will
attract the ton of attention for
yourself and that's actually a good one
in general even if you're not setting up
artificially narrow debates often with
false questions just debate people who
are totally unqualified to be debating
right you will look really good in
comparison another way that you can open
the floodgates of Internet cash give
blindingly obvious advice that you'd
normally find in those discounted
self-help books that you can get for a
penny at the local use book store on
Amazon but wrap up the obvious advice in
either intellectual sounding language or
make the advice seen
counterculture or controversial in some
way if you can hint that people are
trying to suppress your ideas because
they're dangerous or they present some
kind of ultimate truth you'll make that
much more money and if none of these
idea sounds good to you a goldmine is to
provide pseudo scientific arguments to
legitimize discriminatory and
prejudicial ideas and if you can say
that actually these are the ultimate
truths that the politically correct
crowd won't admit you can retire early
on that one and race an IQ is one that
comes to mind along those lines and then
last thing if you want just a quick tip
if you're looking to become a successful
online pundit fight against identity
politics while using your own identity
right argue that identity politics is a
terrible malignancy on society and that
white Christian men are being
disenfranchised by identity politics and
that it's time to finally stand up for
white Christian men prepare for patreon
to explode if you're willing to do that
if I'm missing any let me know because I
want to help the audience make a lot of
money on YouTube as pundits I don't plan
on doing any of this stuff but these are
just some tips for people who might be
looking for ideas I think the political
reawakening one would work best for me
because I already have a platform on a
progressive show right so I'll be
leaving here shortly and you can expect
my Prager u videos to come out in a few
weeks can you imagine if there was a big
announcement where pat has seen the
light and he is denouncing his
progressive credentials and is going to
basically you ever you could actually
say you were rejoining your family's
conservatism because you've talked about
having a more conservative family and
that would I mean you would be booked by
all sorts of right-wing leaning talking
conferences and also libertarian ones it
would be a goldmine for you I'd make a
new show it would be the path
perspective or the Ford file I'd have to
think of something I like the Ford file
Ford Ford file for freedom that would be
the way or F cubed is actually that yeah
you could do it you could have shirts
that are just an F with a number three
as in cubed send me your thoughts if I'm
missing any ways to make money on
YouTube giving giving your opinion I'm
on Twitter at D Pakman and the show is
on Twitter at David Pakman show I love
this store
Homeland Security Secretary Kristin
Nielsen was shouted out of a Mexican
restaurant last night by protesters who
were confronting her over the separation
from parents and the internment camps of
children I don't know how else to say it
it's the separation and the internment
of the children that the people were
protesting and the story is
exponentially better because it was a
Mexican restaurant although in reality
the facts of the story aren't
drastically different whether it's a
Mexican restaurant or an Italian
restaurant or a French restaurant all
three of those types of restaurants rely
disproportionately on immigrants from
Latin America but there's something
about it being a Mexican restaurant that
makes it that much better for me and it
was a restaurant called M xdc cocina
mexicana in Washington DC and one person
wrote to me saying that they went to a
Mexican restaurant specifically to
trigger protests the idea that this was
some well thought out idea from Kristin
Nielsen and her staff to go to a Mexican
restaurant to trigger protests so that
then they could maybe try to say we
agree with the emotions expressed by the
protesters or something like that I
don't think it's that well thought out
and we have video Nielsen seems to keep
her eyes down on her phone while the
protesting is going on shouts of shame
and if kids don't eat in peace you don't
eat in peace and it was all captured on
video check it out
[Music]
tens of thousands of people who come
