it is great to be joined today by
christian picciolini who's founder of
the free radicals project host of
breaking hate on msnbc also author of
the book white american youth and his
story of leaving
neo-nazism and white supremacy is would
be fascinating to us at any time
christian but it is particularly
interesting and relevant given a lot of
what's been going on in the united
states for the last couple years so
maybe we'll start with your story i mean
you got into the movement pretty young
at 14 i believe how did that happen
what's the genesis of it
yeah and david thanks for having me on
um i was recruited when i was 14 years
old in 1987. i was very early uh in you
know kind of this version 1.0 of the of
the white nationalist movement that
we're calling it today
uh i was a neo-nazi skinhead in fact
that was one of america's first um
you know what led me there essentially
was i think what leads every uh person
to this movement and and that was my
life's potholes uh those traumas i think
that kind of nudge us from our path
and lead us down you know pretty dark
corridors
for me
it was a lot of uh
you know abandonment issues low
self-esteem
uh my parents are actually italian
immigrants so it wasn't something i i
was raised with at home
but because my parents are immigrants
when they came over in the 60s they had
to work very very hard and i never saw
them so they were gone seven days a week
14 hours a day and i really struggled
with
uh you know thinking
what i had done uh you know had pushed
them away potentially and and i was
never
you know really brave enough or knew how
to ask or to communicate those feelings
so i i kind of went astray at a very
young age um searching for identity
community and purpose and and not really
being able to find it
until one day at 14 years old i was you
know standing in an alley smoking a
joint and this guy pulled up in a car
and he got out and he had a shaved head
and he was wearing boots and he walked
up to me and he pulled the joint out of
my mouth and he said that's what the
communists and the jews want you to do
to keep you docile and smoking pot will
keep you docile so that then they what
take over or control you or society
exactly yeah it was it was their method
of control over us one of you know one
of their many conspiracy theories about
you know how uh you know jews were in
power to control and destroy the white
race through multiculturalism and
uh you know
the feeding of drugs into white
neighborhoods and things like that i
mean it was ridiculous obviously looking
back now but at 14 years old for
somebody who you know had hit a wall as
far as acceptance over and over and over
again and was bullied and felt very
marginalized when this man who was
america's first neo-nazi skinhead walked
up to me
it was as if he was offering me a
lifeline i didn't understand anything
about the politics i didn't understand
you know racism it wasn't
it wasn't something i was
you know even aware of because i lived
in such a small
bubble
uh meaning my my family's home i didn't
really go out very much i was kind of a
very solitary kid um
so you know it it offered me kind of a
way to belong and and it didn't matter
what he was selling i think i probably
would have jumped at anything at that
point so what i mean what was being sold
in terms of what were sort of like the
key principles or you know
talk a little bit about so you you get
pulled in somehow you're either invited
to come to some
meetup or group or in some way you start
building these relationships what were
sort of like the predominant themes or
ideas that were being discussed
well i mean at first it was it wasn't
about any kind of ideological beliefs or
even themes it was about just drawing me
in because of uh you know my lack of
acceptance in the past the savvy
recruiter uh you know and recruiters in
general recognize that that i was
vulnerable because of
uh you know my loneliness my
marginalization and they essentially
swooped in and offered me paradise and
then the types of things that they would
start talking about started off fairly
benign they would uh you know this man
who saw me in the alley actually after
he snatched a joint from my mouth
and said that you know went on to ask me
what my uh name was and i told him and
he recognized it was italian and then he
started to praise uh you know italian
and roman civilization as being uh you
know
great thinkers and warriors and and
artists and that i should be proud of
that
and you know being an italian kid
growing up in an italian neighborhood
with you know fully italian parents i
knew all about that stuff so i was very
proud of that
but then when he started to um you know
after he pulled me in through this sense
of pride then he started over time to
try and
say that people were trying to take that
pride away from me weren't trying to
diminish it and then of course went on
to name the groups of people and it
started with uh you know jews who who
wanted to manipulate and control you
know that was his his conspiracy theory
uh that african americans were uh you
know were lazy and only uh good for
selling drugs and crime and that they
were destroying our neighborhoods uh
which you know my neighborhood was
changing and i didn't see any of those
things but it seemed plausible to me at
the time what's interesting about that
christian is that there's this idea of
the fear of the loss of status right and
that underlies a lot of the resurgence
we're seeing in the last couple of years
around some of these ideas as well so
that that was a big thing you're saying
the fear of someone's going to take your
status from you
well well here's the thing i mean white
supremacists are very good at creating
the desperate conditions for people to
live under and then using those
desperate conditions to actually
create fear of them and place that blame
on somebody else so not only not only
are they creating the conditions but
they're feeding them constantly through
fear rhetoric and by blaming of the
other
and that's what's happening today i mean
we you know we hear things like
multiculturalism is is white genocide uh
that you know white males are
are being targeted as as uh
as you know the most evil people on
earth right now and and that their
identity is being taken away and you
know frankly none of that is is true uh
white males have done a lot of awful
things in our history and and i think it
deserves to be called out just like you
know other people have done awful things
uh you know in our history and
and uh it certainly doesn't paint a
whole species as as bad uh however um
you know the recruiters and and the
propagandists are very good at kind of
identifying these very
simple um
kind of
controversial talking points like free
speech
or white civil rights or the fact that
you know they claim that people can't be
white and proud and they use all those
things to kind of
pull out
[Music]
essentially pull out the racism in
people that was dormant
by making them afraid of something that
could happen to them but is certainly
not happening
how does the line get crossed and maybe
it's not so much a line but it's a
blurry area into
violence and the stockpiling of weapons
for a potential race war like in your
path how does the transition happen from
where it's just here's a group where i
can kind of feel not like an outsider
they're welcoming me where i belong to
the ideas that you just told us and then
go beyond that into actual violence and
and getting weapons and preparing for a
race war
excuse me uh you know i think it's about
desperation and uncertainty
the more we you know we people get into
these uh extremist groups because most
times they're looking for acceptance
they're looking for identity they're
looking for purpose
and while they may find those things to
some degree in these types of movements
what it actually does is it further
marginalizes them from society
uh and you know i think if desperation
and uncertainty uh
you know grow to a point where
a person feels that there's nothing that
they can say or do that will
uh give them any acceptance or
you know any sort of um camaraderie or
identity then you know the potential is
there if there are underlying issues
like mental health issues or um
feelings of revenge uh that can't be
critically thought out you know then
sometimes it does lead to that but i can
tell you that you know there's this
this whole notion that
you know we're calling white extremists
or white terrorists mentally ill and
that we're not calling them terrorists
and i do agree with that i do believe
that we we have to call white extremists
who commit terror terrorists but at the
same time you know
it's also true that we do tend to paint
uh most white actors in this space as
people who are mentally ill versus you
know people of color who are doing this
as terrorists right off the bat the
truth is is that mental illness is
really the underlying factor uh not just
for white extremists but across the
board um
i tell you about 75 of the of the people
that i work with um are either living on
the autism spectrum or with asperger's
or schizophrenia or bipolar and i'd say
95 percent of those people are either
undiagnosed or untreated
and i think that a lot of that having to
live with that you know not only does it
cause social marginalization growing up
uh you know maybe they were looked at as
odd or strange or or somebody that you
know couldn't
they couldn't be friends with that
pushed them away and the combination of
all those potholes those traumas i think
is what leads people to that desperation
and that search for acceptance in really
negative pathways can you talk a little
bit about the conspiratorial element of
it because even in the conspiracy world
generally there is this disproportionate
appeal as i think you say
to individuals who are struggling with
different emotional or mental illness
type conditions where they have maybe
slightly more of a propensity to be
pulled into some of these ideas and one
of the sort of hallmarks of
conspiratorial thinking is that both
evidence for and evidence against is
evidence for right the fact that there
is a piece of evidence that seems to go
against your conspiracy is part of the
conspiracy right either because it's
planted evidence or whatever we all kind
of understand how that works
does that take on a particular dynamic
within the world of white supremacy in
other words the idea that uh if you have
a counter example about jews aren't
really conspiring to do this or that
well that's part of the conspiracy
they're making you think that they're
not conspiring how do you even deal with
that type of thing
i don't i don't ever debate with anybody
about ideological topics i you know i
listen a lot
and and i i'm able to filter out that
noise of those conspiracy theories maybe
it's because i you know for eight years
of my life i used to say them and now i
they sound you know utterly ridiculous
to me
uh so i'm able to kind of tune in uh and
focus in on on those potholes like what
really led them there is it abuse is it
you know trauma is it mental illness is
it poverty is it extreme privilege
whatever those things are though that's
what i'm listening for i try not to to
engage you know into an illogical debate
even if i am using logic because it just
doesn't penetrate it has to be kind of
an emotional connection uh but to answer
your question i mean i think
you know there are certain aspects and
characteristics of people living with
certain disorders that that would uh you
know kind of foster unidimensional
thinking or a hyper focus on something
or a natural lack of empathy um and you
know and and i think the structure of
the movement the structure of these
conspiracy theories is very appealing to
people
uh who you know maybe see outside
stimuli uh as you know kind of like
noise that they can't uh settle
um
so you know this the rigid structure of
very black and white thinking the you
know the facts that are presented uh or
sorry the conspiracy theories that are
presented as fact
kind of provide some comfort i think to
people who uh you know might have um a
lot going on in their head that they
don't understand and uh it draws them in
it provides some answers to them
and you know it's i think conspiracy
theories are are what are driving these
movements and they have for you know
decades and decades
um you know and even centuries i mean
these tropes these kind of anti-semitic
tropes and
and uh you know
garbage science about you know race and
iq and and uh you know
ideas about
identity and misogyny things like that
are all you know part of these movements
and uh you know what scares me the most
though david is today
there are people out there very you know
famous podcasters and and writers of
books with new york times bestsellers
who are pushing these same types of you
know identity and
junk science tropes that are so
consistent with the white nationalist
movement that either willingly or or
sorry wittingly or unwittingly are
spreading these it's causing so much
damage and leading so many people
towards this movement that i'm not even
sure that they're aware they're doing it
yeah that's actually exactly what where
i want to pick up the conversation in
part two of the interview we've been
speaking with christian petrolini who's
founder of the free radicals project
host of breaking hate on msnbc and also
author of the book white american youth
and that's exactly where we'll continue
our conversation on tomorrow's program
we're continuing our conversation with
christian picciolini who's founder of
the free radicals project host of
breaking hate on msnbc
also author of the book white american
youth so in part one of the interview
christian we talked about how you got
into the neo-nazi skinhead movement and
some of the sort of characteristics of
folks that are particularly drawn to it
and targets for recruiters
before we get into how you got out of
the movement i'd be interested in
hearing a little bit about how you see
what's going on today we had the one
year anniversary recently of the
charlottesville virginia rally that led
to the death of one woman and many
injuries a rally about which the
president of the united states said
there were very fine people on both
sides including the side that included
neo-nazis and white supremacists do you
see
the current resurgence as directly
connected to who's in the white house or
is it more complicated than that
i think it's slightly more complicated
than that but i will say that
you know
the election did
uh kick over a bucket of gasoline that
was already that kind of ignited all the
small fires that already existed around
america
um you know i i certainly think that uh
you know we can refer to the statements
made by the white nationalists
themselves uh from david duke to richard
spencer to matthew heimbach to you know
many of the prominent leaders within the
white nationalist movement who came out
and said you know we've elected our man
you know we're excited about the
policies that he's implementing uh you
know from building a wall to a muslim
ban to uh you know tearing uh families
uh away from each other and deporting
them
these are all these are all white
nationalist talking points and they were
thrilled uh when uh trump was elected
president um
you know hate crimes have have been up i
mean the statistics are all there the
facts uh you know can't be ignored and
certainly some of the policies and the
words that he's used himself can't be
ignored so uh you know i i certainly
think it has fueled uh i don't know if
we'd call it a resurgence but it's it's
certainly uh it's bigger but it's it's
more that it's come out of the shadows
than it was trump did not create racism
my sense has been that there's not so so
much
more or new
white supremacists and neo-nazis but
there's more comfort in just kind of
saying that those are your views and in
demonstrating publicly do you agree or
do you think that there's actually
individuals who are entering the
movement as a result of what's going on
oh i think there are absolutely more
people entering the movement as a result
oh you do that's much worse than i was
hoping
well there you know the tactics have
changed and the platforms uh with which
they they reach people have have changed
so i think the internet is really
uh it's kind of like my digital alley
right uh you know for so many young kids
you know kids who feel marginalized
rather than going to smoke pot in an
alley like i did are now going to hang
out in chat rooms and in forums and uh
you know places like 4chan and reddit
and in those places they're starting to
see these very kind of benign uh you
know white nationalist recruiting uh
lures
uh like i saw you know things about
identity politics and and uh you know
black on white crime statistics that are
falsified and and even skepticism
towards the holocaust so it's not you
know the new wave of this kind of
pseudo-intellectual pseudo-philosopher
thinking that's influencing so many
young people both on the internet and in
real life you know they're they're not
calling themselves holocaust deniers
they're not calling themselves white
nationalists they're skeptics they're
scientists uh they're philosophers who
are just searching for the truth and
that's the way they hide uh you know the
