okay a lot of people have been waiting
for this one I did reappear on the Jesse
Lee Peterson show in person this was
actually his TV only version TV only
show called the fallen state not the
Jesse Lee Peterson radio show of which
I've been kicked off before and it was a
very interesting appearance and I think
people who follow me understand that the
attitude I took was this entire thing is
really not super serious and it was sort
of I took a I took a distant approach in
that my priority was not to get too
worked up by the things that Jesse Lee
Peterson said most of which made
absolutely no sense
there's also we're gonna keep in the
edit before they went live for some
reason the camera cut to us just
awkwardly sitting on the stage and it
went out on air during his live stream
and then his intro started and it is a
very very awkward moment this is the
entire thing uncut my interview on the
fallen state with Jesse Lee Peterson we
are amazing
welcome to to the Father State YouTube
live I'm Justin E Peterson apologize for
the late start but we are black and
black people are late we start on CP
time
it is midterm election season and I have
with me David Pakman he is the
progressive host of the political
television radio program the David
Pakman show
David thank you for coming I can't
believe I'm here I know it's amazing
last time we didn't end well I remember
right do you remember I remember I had
to kick you off my show you kicked me
off you said I never have that idiot
back on my show you call me a girlie man
yeah what changed your mind about having
me back after the ban that's really my
producer oh you didn't even want me here
no I want you you oh you did I told you
I I'm glad you're here oh just because I
fight with you doesn't mean I don't love
you okay yeah you love me I don't really
know you do you have to know me to love
me I
have a general love for all people but I
don't know you but do you need to know
me to love me not as a human now why not
and I'm saying I don't need to know you
to all of you it's part of the human
race yeah well I love you thank you
are you surprised not really were you
surprised it after we off to radio show
not really
and you didn't seem pleased with my
answers oh you were not answering that's
what it was was ask you a question I
will ask you where you're going you tell
me where you've been and so you can't
really do bring forth a good show that
way but sometimes you will admit a
question can be sort of it's like when
did you stop beating your wife right
like not every question is fair I don't
maybe well maybe you beat your wife I
don't know but and that would be an
example beat your wife I'm not married
oh yeah well wait until you get mad okay
Oh
so David what what I wanted to talk to
you about I want to talk about politics
I want to get to know you a little
better let's do it and so my first point
are you a Christian no you know do you
believe in God I don't are you an
atheist I I have an absence of belief in
God if you want to call that atheism it
could be agnosticism I'm not really sure
but I have an absence of belief in God
but it's not like I'm not going around
telling people God doesn't exist it's
sort of like if we heard a noise in the
back right now
I wouldn't say to you that was probably
an invisible purple hippopotamus I have
no evidence that that's what it is I
would say it's probably a noise caused
by something we've seen something we can
prove something there's evidence for I
wouldn't tell you
invisible purpose purple hippopotamuses
don't exist or could never exist right I
just have no reason to think that that's
what caused the noise have you always
not believing that have you ever
believed you know when I was younger so
culturally and ethnically I'm Jewish so
I was around a lot of Jewish people
growing up so there were Old Testaments
around and I would I would look at them
and you know I was sort of I was kind of
a blank slate in the sense that my
parents never imposed religious beliefs
on me but they also didn't tell me you
shouldn't believe anything it was sort
of open you know I could look at the Old
Testament
listen talk to people so there was a
period you know I'm still open to the
possibility of there being a god and and
I always sort of have been but that's I
don't currently believe that there is
one so I believe everyday you apart
Jewish and part Argentinian well they're
two different things so I was born in
Argentina my family a lot of a lot of
Jews from Eastern Europe before and
after the Holocaust moved out of Eastern
Europe as I'm sure you know Argentina is
one of the places that they went so my
family is is so I'm Jewish right but my
family was in Argentina so like I grew
up speaking Spanish and and in that
sense I'm sort of of Hispanic culture
yeah okay and I know you are progressive
right not a liberal I don't really know
the difference at this corner is there a
difference you know a lot of this stuff
is just semantics I think it's better
you know I could tell you what my views
are on any particular issue but whether
I'm you know progressive or liberal or I
don't know I don't know what we gain
from talking would you consider yourself
progressive I want to see progress so in
that sense but by the dictionary
definition I guess so the problem is
that there might be you might have some
ideas about what is implied by the
political term progressive that maybe I
agree with maybe I don't but I
definitely want to see you know humanity
progress for sure and one of the reasons
I'm concerned about you being a
progressive
is that and he specifically are all
progressive all men men only men only
men progressive women don't concern it's
normal
normal abnormal for women to be
progressive interesting Oh a liberal but
it's abnormal for a man to be a liberal
or progressive it's a sign of being a
beta male I didn't know how real men are
conservative Republicans you know and
strong in nature so I'm concerned if you
a liver or progressive well if I became
conservative would I no longer be beta
you'd become alpha well something to
think about
yeah how did you become a liberal
laughs regret progressive were you
always that way or did something happen
along the way
no interestingly you know I'm glad you
asked that actually in in high school I
took a lot of sort of standard what we
would call ex classical economics and
classical economics is pretty
conservative in a lot of ways you know
it assumes rational actors participating
in the akai is it assumes a lot of stuff
that that's sort of right now more
conservative in terms of economics so I
had a lot of those ideas and I thought
that they made sense and then I learned
more about behavioral economics and the
work of people like Daniel Kahneman and
others who say you know economics as we
usually teach it is is not right and so
that made me question the beliefs that I
had sort of assembled over time and then
I was questioning all of my beliefs so I
definitely have had it sort of a shift
to the left I was never a right winger
yeah I'm not saying that yeah but I've
definitely moved to the left that the
more I've become educated about issues
this is why I'm not there to allow
children to go to public schools mmm
tell me more
because they are brainwashing them and I
didn't go to public school turning them
away from their values I didn't go to
private school - if you don't watch out
for it I'm kidding I did go to hell yeah
do your parents know that just education
system had its impact on you turned you
into a liberal do they know that it had
this impact on you know it's interesting
I mean they know my political views are
you later and are they happy with them
do they're very they're very I don't
know my mom is the happiest Jewish mom
you could imagine so you're not been
married you have you're not married or
never been married no kids and all that
I've never been married that's true I'm
not currently married of course and I
don't have children at this time yeah do
your date I do and do you find that it's
difficult for young men merely your age
group to find good women to date not at
all no no no no the women that you dated
have data are they controlling how do I
do date women exclusively but I'm how
did you know that I date women it's
possible I date men or both right when
area is possible but I wouldn't assume
that about didn't assume that that yeah
I'll let you tell me now you date men to
exclusively women Oh
would it be a bad thing for our
conversation if I dated men I wouldn't
be bad for our conversation would be
interesting okay why don't you date men
I'm not attracted to men oh good I don't
see anything wrong with it but I know
you do you do not see anything wrong
with it with being attracted to men why
not why would it be wrong because it's
of the same sex so is that normal but
that's not an argument it's a fact what
makes something normal let me ask you
this I wanted to ask you this too I
wanted to ask this not my regular self
please if a woman decide that oh you
know I feel like a man and I want to be
a man and she goes to a doctor
rushed out of the road to a doctor's
office yep he take off her female body
parts and attached male body parts to
them well to her would that make her a
male would it make her male uh-huh or
would it make her a man either one
depends how you define either right
right would it make her a man or me a
male would she still be a woman with
body parts of a man I mean it'd be a
transgender man but would it be a woman
would be what make her a man it would be
a transgender man does that mean it
means it's someone who was born
biologically female wouldn't it right
this isn't my area of expertise I'm just
I'm interested although people want you
know right from wrong will you see it
right do I know right from wrong I don't
know do I
you don't know if you know right from
wrong I think people want to know what's
right and what's wrong but does every if
everybody knew right from wrong no bad
things would ever happen right well how
about you do you know right from wrong I
feel like I do and so if you saw if you
knew a female who took off her body
female body parts and attached a male
body parts to them what you think wow
that's a man or would you still know
that's a woman it depends on the person
right I depend how what they look like
and and sort of how they exist how about
a woman that you knew you know very well
yeah David you're not a good friend
today I'm gonna become a man okay I'm
going down to the doctor's office and
have some male body parts or tasks right
would you still think would you state
that your friend is a woman or a man I
mean my reaction would be radical
empathy I would say Oh
that's a major change she's like what
what's going on that's making you want
to do that and I would listen to them
yeah
with empathy well would you know a woman
on what you think it's a man we think
it's gonna be hard to say I mean every
person is different right I'm talking
about you know I mean every other person
every other person I don't know what
they what they would be like what it
would be like to be with them but what
would you think I don't I would still
know that that's a woman right I don't
care how great a male body parties
attack right it's still a woman okay but
what you could fit it might be a man
what do you think of it as a man it what
I think of it as a man right it's a
person right I don't say right it's a
female but would you think of the female
as a man we'd have to meet and see what
it's like you already know you grew up
with it here's the girlfriend right but
this is imaginary would you think it's a
man or woman I have no idea amazing you
don't believe in God where do you get
your values from where do I get my
values yeah culture family science I
wanted to ask you about cap let me first
a do you have anything to ask me any
questions you think you disagree with me
about what I love course we disagree but
like what do you disagree with me about
what do we agree about I don't know that
we agree on anything my wife for example
economics social issues gay marriage I
don't know do we agree about anything
well we don't yeah
so I want to ask you about judge
Cavanaugh okay
when the children of the lie tried to
take his life I'm not familiar with them
the children are allowed at liberal
media the Democratic Party the Rhino
Republicans they're never propers
okay there's no like everybody but Trump
movement those evil women has to have
movement all civil rights leaders all of
us they are children of the lines a lot
of people it is I think have a lot a big
family but when they tried to destroy
him that woman whatever her name is
it won't come to me doesn't matter to
you anyway right I mean yeah when she
lied on him and you saw that the
children of the large fire to destroy
these
here's why Eddie's children okay my
accusing him of being a rapist and all
that calling him a rapist were you
disappointed to see the children of
Allah act in that way so this is one of
those questions where the framing of the
question we have to talk about because
you're assuming that I already believe
she lied but I don't know that she lied
I don't have any evidence that she lied
did you pay attention to here I watched
every minute did you hear anything to
indicate if she was telling the truth
yes right there was no so here's a
couple things I'll tell you what to me
suggested she was telling the truth
number one it was all downside for her
coming forward there was no upside she's
not gonna get any money now because she
made the allegation she's not gonna live
a better life she had to move so first
of all it's sort of like motive there
was no upside to her there was the
chance that maybe it would prevent
Kavanaugh from being confirmed but most
people including me all along were
saying this isn't going to stop his
confirmation so that was one thing that
made me not doubt her that there was
really nothing again the second thing is
during the hearing which was like what
ten hours long it was very very long
like five hours each of them there were
like dozens of questions that Brett
Kavanaugh didn't answer and she answered
every question and when I see that and I
see one person answering every single
question and the other person not
answering so many questions based on my
experience talking to people who
sometimes lie and sometimes tell the
truth I believe that it's more likely
the person not answering the questions
is the person lying amazing yeah so she
was at weird where and how I don't know
where it happened I don't know when it
happened I remember as a beer and then
she developed this little weak little
girl voice is supposed to be a professor
and if you develop this little little
one name let's Christine blatant bored
right so let me see if I knew develop
this forth little girl tone her voice
made you not trust her know her line
made me she had no proof but everybody
mentioned she doesn't remember when
where or how only thing she remember is
a beer that's not until you remembered a
lot of stuff you would have known want
to believe her not to see that he would
lie and plushies now I know mentally off
you know what like the life was all
about nobody was home you're making
assessments of who's mentally off on TV
you think mentally are and that's your
assessment yeah because he was weird she
was weird yeah it's like they went to
the gates of Hell over to Israel
Kavanagh seemed normal to you over in
Israel there is a little old CD now
where the gates of hell is there and
it's a dark pit that if you go down and
you can't return they say and so
whenever I see women like that and men
like that it reminds me men and women
like what like for just wicked lion it's
a woman was willing to destroy this man
because he didn't agree with his
politics she would being used I believe
how she Kara out there I think that I'm
pretty sure she was a she was a
Republican I don't know what politics
can I ask you a question decide I want I
want to understand but what could she
have done during the hearing where you
would have said you know what I do
believe her like what could she have I
know you don't believe her right right
like the way it went down you don't
believe her
what could she have done during the
hearings where you would have said I
believe her if she has she gone Nerdist
saying you know what the children of the
lab trying to use me to destroy Josh
Kavanagh but that would be a lie I see
no reason this man should be destroyed
and so I just want you to know not to
trust the children of the lie so only if
she would can said you would have
thought I would have I want to believe
that oh yeah she brought real evidence
he brought none logo and but that's how
evil the children on the left are they
will destroy you to get what they want
and that's power and well I'm curious if
they're so powerful the children of the
law they're not powerful
oh I think that's what they want I think
we will destroy it they will they will
destroy you they'll try to destroy okay
to get power and do you agree with that
no no really
do you trust the would you want someone
to Boston to accuse you and now you and
the world has to believe the accuser and
not believe you or would you rather be
its
in a sense yeah improving there's two
different things right in our justice
system in our legal system we have
innocence until guilt has improved
there's no question about that what
happened with dr. Christine Blasi Ford
was not it was not part of the justice
system right this was people like you
and me and hundred senators and the
public making an assessment of the
believability of two different people
right so nobody I would say to you
innocence until guilt has been proven is
logical if you're looking at putting
someone in prison but this wasn't a
criminal trial you and you acknowledge
that right that's so ridiculous I don't
know it's just true it's interesting how
when your children are real I know but
saying it's ridiculous is ridiculous
it's not an argument
this man was accused I don't care if it
was an innocent man walking down the
road you don't just accuse people and
whatever reason gonna make up for it
doesn't make sense this woman here
accused this man right what no proof and
the children of the large fire to
destroy him oh come on no proof okay
would you want to be falsely accused
before any reason at all whether for
jobs course not right
you want any and if someone should
accuse you yeah when you want to hear to
assume you in if you're innocent I would
