[Music]
the david pakman show at david
pakman.com we've had a massive break in
the Trump Russia Fiasco and there is
massive news to report to you today
which is that President Donald Trump is
now admitting that yeah
the purpose of his campaign meeting with
Russians that infamous day in Trump
Tower was specifically to obtain dirt on
Hillary Clinton during the campaign they
worked with Russia President Trump
admitting this in a coordinated way with
a scheduled meeting meant to get
damaging information for the purposes of
helping Donald Trump defeat Hillary
Clinton in the 2016 presidential
campaign the circle now is almost
complete and remember we go back to
where the story started there was no
Russia story there were no meetings then
the right started shifting to collusion
wouldn't actually be a crime anyway and
then in the last couple of weeks last
week I reported to you that Donald
Trump's own attorney shifted from there
was no collusion there was no
coordination to I can't find in the
Criminal Code where it even mentions
collusion that was Rudy Giuliani last
week and now for the first time we have
Donald Trump personally admitting that
this Trump Tower meeting on June 9 2016
with Russian lawyer Natalia vessel
Mnet's kaya was not about adoptions it
was to get dirt on Hillary Clinton this
is working with Russia on the
presidential campaign here's Trump's
tweet from Sunday morning which was in
response it appears to a Washington Post
article pointing out that Donald Trump
jr. might be in serious legal trouble in
this entire thing that seemed to set
Donald Trump off who said quote fake
news reporting a complete fabrication
that I am concerned
about the meeting my wonderful son
Donald had in Trump Tower this was a
meeting to get information on an
opponent totally legal and done all the
time in politics and it went nowhere I
did not know about it so Trump still
denying that he knew about it pretty
clear at this point that he did talked
about that last week claiming that it's
done all the time well not with foreign
countries we've heard from Democrats and
Republicans alike that if they were
approached by a foreign country offering
something like this
they wouldn't set up a meeting they
would call the FBI which we know the
Trump administration did not do but the
big news here it's important not to lose
the thread because Trump wants to focus
on it was legal and it was done it's
done all the time this is the first
admission from Donald Trump that the
meeting took place with the goal of
getting damaging information about his
opponent Hillary Clinton this is
something of value from a foreign power
and then of course aside from the
meeting itself this incident led to lies
from Trump about his involvement after
the fact he dictated the response letter
to this incident and the reporting of it
by the New York Times after initially
saying that he didn't dictate that
letter and the number two lies about the
subject of the meeting are now confirmed
I don't buy Donald Trump we were
initially told it was about adoptions
which in a sense it kind of was so the
Magnitsky Act is related to sanctions
and adoptions is sort of quid pro quo
for its an intimated quid pro quo that
if the hillary dirt helps trump win then
the future trump administration would
look at rewarding Russia with eased
sanctions now we know because Trump
himself said it this was about dirt on
Hillary period Trump's campaign was
offered things of value by Russia and
they accepted the offer the only step
remaining
to fully close the circle would be proof
of what Trump's former personal lawyer
alleged last week
which is that Trump knew about the
meeting in advance Trump still claims
that he didn't know about that we don't
know if we're eventually going to get
proof of that or not all of the
circumstantial and timing evidence
suggests Trump knew ahead of time
and in addition to that the question of
whether anything came of it the
narrative so far from people who have
been caught lying multiple times has
been we had the meeting we were promised
dirt on Hillary we wanted the dirt on
Hillary but we didn't ultimately get it
that's what we were told we didn't
ultimately get the dirt on Hillary
what's going to be next you know we got
some dirt and it was patriotic because
it kept Hillary out of the White House
because Russia wanted epoch make America
great again
winner Trump to win that's the only part
of the circle left to be filled
potentially hey I mean these guys Donald
Trump jr. Jared Kushner they had never
worked on a political campaign before
there was their first time and sometimes
when you dip your toe into the water of
a political campaign you accidentally
commit a few federal offenses as well
happens to anyone what are the legal
implications this could make the Donald
Trump's admission that the the point of
this meeting was to obtain dirt on his
opponent from a foreign country this
could make the meeting itself conspiracy
with a foreign country this could make
the lies about the meeting obstruction
of justice conspiracy and false
statements to the feds if false
statements to the feds were made and it
appears that they probably were at this
point given what Donald Trump jr.
reportedly told investigators and and in
a hearing rather he is not necessarily
said that to investigators and what
Trump is now admitting the meeting was
for potentially multiple federal crimes
by many people implied by this tweet by
Donald Trump but the big question
remains which is will anyone and
specifically Trump pay for it and the
answer if you don't go out in November
and vote is probably not and by the way
still some people emailing me saying
there's no Russia story but very few at
this point very few people still
emailing me saying there's no Russia
story lastly we always have to ask is
this a strategy or is this stupidity
Donald Trump saying this on Twitter it's
never clear it's a pot of possible
strategy to create chaos with the
contradictions it could be trying to get
out in front of the story before it
breaks in a more damaging way it could
be idiocy and ignorance it could be a
combination of all of these but what I
returned to every time is look at the
evolution there was no meeting there was
a meeting to discuss adoptions there was
a meeting to discuss dirt on Hillary but
we
get the dirt and the next logical step
if these are all lies is we did get dirt
but nothing illegal took place or we did
get dirt but we didn't ultimately need
it because Hillary's campaign was such a
disaster every single week we learn
about more lies that have been told to
us the Trump war on the media and a free
press continues and the theme is this
phrase the enemy of the people the enemy
of the people is the phrase that keeps
coming up about the press by Donald
Trump and by his cronies and Sarah
Huckabee Sanders the White House press
secretary was asked directly a number of
times during a press briefing late last
week as the weekend was kicking off is
the press the enemy of the people as far
as she is concerned and or as far as the
Trump administration is concerned she
was asked this by the press at a press
briefing and one of the ways this is
being written up is Sarah Huckabee
Sanders refuses to deny that the press
is the enemy of the American people what
you have to understand and I'm gonna
play a clip for you here is that when
she said time and again I'm here to
represent the president's views and the
president has made his views clear it's
more than a non-denial that they see the
press as the enemy of the American
people
it is the acknowledgment that they see
the press as the enemy of the American
people she refused to say no multiple
times and said the Trump Trump is
already spoken about this it's a
slightly longer clip I'm gonna play for
you because I want you to pay attention
to the dynamics of how there are
multiple opportunities for her to just
say no no big picture I or the Trump
administration whoever she's speaking
for at the time don't see the press as
the enemy of the American people she
doesn't do that she does believe and she
is restating that the Trump
administration does believe that the
press is the enemy of the American
people let's take a look Jim on Sarah's
question from NPR she
asked you about Ivanka Trump's statement
that the press is not the enemy of the
people and she asked you whether or not
the press is the enemy of the people you
read off a laundry list of your concerns
about the press and things that you feel
like are misreported but you did not say
that the press is not the enemy of the
people and I think it would be a good
thing if you were to say right here at
this briefing that the press the people
who are gathered in this room right now
right by doing their jobs every day
asking questions of officials like the
ones you brought forward earlier or not
the enemy of the people I I think we
deserve that the president has made his
position known I also think it's ironic
I'm trying to answer your question I
politely waited and I even called on you
despite the fact that you interrupted me
why calling on your colleague I said
it's ironic and which is why I
interrupted
I'm trying if you if you finish if you
would not mind letting me have a
follow-up that would be fun but it's
ironic Jim that not only you and the
media attacked the president for his
rhetoric when they frequently lower the
level of conversation in this country
repeatedly repeatedly the media resorts
to personal attacks without any content
other than to incite anger the media has
attacked me personally on a number of
occasions including your own Network
said I should be harassed as a life
sentence that I should be choked ice
officials are not welcomed in their
place of worship and personal
information is shared on the Internet
when I was hosted by the Correspondents
Association of which almost all of you
are members of you brought a comedian
out to attack my appearance and call me
a traitor to my own gender in fact as I
know and as far as I know I'm the first
press secretary in the history of the
United States that's required Secret
Service protection the media continues
to ratchet up the verbal assault against
the president and everyone in this
administration and certainly we have a
role to play but the media has a role to
play for the discourse in this country
as well if I may follow up excuse me you
did not say in the course of those were
more
that you just made that the press is not
the enemy of the people are we to take
it from what you just said we all get
put through the wringer we all get put
in the meat grinder in this town and
you're no exception and I'm sorry that
that happened to you I wish that that
had not happened but for the sake of
this this room the people who are in
this room this democracy this country
all the people around the world are
watching what you're saying Sarah and
the White House for the United States of
America the presidency should not refer
to us as the enemy of the people his own
daughter acknowledges that and all I'm
asking you to do Sarah is to acknowledge
that right now and right here I
appreciate your passion I share it
I've addressed this question I've
addressed my personal feelings I'm here
to speak on behalf of the president he's
made his comments clear so Sarah was
that a yes or no one presses the enemy
of the American people she talks about
how she hasn't liked reports about her
and satires of her but that's not the
question the question is about the role
and the perception of the media by this
administration and if you're a defender
of the Constitution if you believe in
checks and balances the answer to this
question should be and it really has to
be a completely unequivocal and
definitive no of course the press is not
the enemy of the American people
this wasn't a vague question open to
interpretation
it's Jim Acosta from CNN who asked the
question here
he was specific she still filibustered
didn't answer and in fact she's saying
yes the press is the enemy I speak for
the president she said that's what Trump
has said and that's what the position of
the administration appears to be and
bringing up satirical pieces done about
her I guess it's either to distract her
to try to get some sympathy she might be
a more sympathetic character if she
stopped telling depraved and horrific
lies to the American people day in and
day out but it continues to amaze me how
the party that claims to be against the
safe spaces and the trigger warnings is
regularly and so easily triggered and
what's dangerous and vile about this
position is that it is even worse than
what we've seen from some of the worst
Republicans I don't romanticize Bush you
know that rap but even Bush would say
directly when he had big
flicks with individual media outlets a
free press is necessary and healthy to
democracy it's such a simple thing to
say if you believe in it and they're
just not saying it because they don't
believe in it we also know that Sarah
Huckabee Sanders calling card is off you
see a Shinto yeah so she could have
walked that tightrope and done it a
little bit better right between
appeasing President Trump and also
reassuring the importance of a free
press like she could have said that most
outlets are totally fine but there are
some liberal reporters out there doing a
horrible job and named them for example
like she could have young both things
she could have played both sides there
like she normally does she decided not
to go with I don't know if calling out
specific reporters would be walking the
tightrope necessarily but the big
picture is creeping authoritarianism and
when it's all said and done either in
2020 or in 2024 I hope that Sarah
Huckabee Sanders is remembered for what
she's become which is one of the most
disgusting participants in this aberrant
administration and aberrant not on
policy but in terms of it's just
fundamental and basic disrespect for the
base tenets of the foundation of the
United States of America send me your
thoughts if you're as concerned as I am
about the battle against the press I'm
on Twitter at D Pakman and the show is
on Twitter at David Pakman show the
david pakman show at david pakman.com
[Music]
[Music]
the david pakman show at david
pakman.com today's new member of the day
is Michael Mayer Michael Mayer has been
a recent addition to the membership
roles of the David Pakman show were
mostly funded by members like Michael
Mayer but I don't want to forget our
long term sustaining members and today's
longtime member of the day is Matt
Houser
Matt Hauser's been with us about five
and a half years going on six years
Michael Matt thank you joined them both
at WWJ Ann pakman.com memberships are
available at a 40% discount if you so
choose by using the coupon code vote
soon 18 I have potentially good news for
you except that it's total BS and what I
mean is that there was a report which if
true would be really great news which is
that the NRA the National Rifle
Association the biggest gun lobby in the
United States they are claiming to have
such deep financial trouble that they
may be unable to continue existing which
would be lovely news except it is very
clearly an attempt to garner more
support and to push back against what
they feel is an unfair case being made
against an insurance program of theirs
by the New York by New York State and
all of this information came from a
document that the NRA filed which
Rolling Stone obtained and what the NRA
is filing says is that because of a
lawsuit that is being brought against
them by New York Governor Andrew Cuomo
and New York state financial regulators
they have become victims of a black
listing campaign by the state and have
suffered tens of millions of dollars in
damages and what they claim is they
can't access basic financial services
that they need in order to operate that
they're facing quote irrecoverable loss
and irreparable farm harm they say that
they've lost insurance cover
that they need for day-to-day operations
that some of their physical offices are
at risk that their video streaming
service and magazine may have to shut
down this is all fantastic I can't
imagine better news here but I am very
clear that these claims are being
completely exaggerated since they are
being made in a filing against New York
State they say that they've been
unfairly targeted by state regulators
over what the state claims is the
illegal sale of NRA branded insurance
for gun owners the NRA was offering this
insurance called carry guard and what
carry guard would do is if you are a gun
owner and member of the NRA and you
legally fire a gun and as a result of
legally firing that gun you incur legal
expenses carry guard NRA insurance will
reimburse you for those legal expenses
lovely little program that they have
isn't it so I think that if true this
would be great news I want the NRA to
disappear they exist to increase gun
sales they exist to make people afraid
of the world so that they go out and
they buy guns and now we are learning
that they also existed during the 2016
campaign to work as a conduit between
Russia and the Trump campaign funneling
tons of foreign money to Donald Trump
but do I believe even for a second that
the NRA is on the verge of disappearing
obviously not obviously not the NRA is
very clearly exaggerating the supposedly
dire state of their financial position
they're misrepresenting their financial
situation to get donations to turn
people against the state of New York
this is a stunningly well-funded
organization and I don't believe it at
all that they are at risk yeah I too
think it's a fund raising plea
especially because Republicans are in
control of the government now and what
helps the NRA is making the case that
the government is going to take away
your guns and they especially make that
case after like a mass shooting sure
because Republicans are in charge of
everything they can't effectively
communicate that case in the same way
that gun manufacturers have been
suffering when it comes to gun sales
partially because you don't have a
Democrat in the White
house that the NRA is saying he's about
to take your guns maybe the NRA has been
suffering mildly when it comes to
membership and so on and so forth but
they've got as we learned foreign money
coming in they've got domestic money
coming in and this is all a ploy to
suggest that the New York State lawsuit
against them is unfair interference in
what the NRA does but this is a PR
campaign it's a bottom line that's what
it is the NRA is not a responsible
