[Music]
the david pakman show at david
pakman.com so I told you earlier this
week that there is a tape a Trump Cohen
tape recorded by his former personal
attorney Michael Cohen who's become a
pretty significant character in this
entire Trump Russia investigation at
this point
CNN obtained the tape and we're gonna
listen to a little bit of it and what
they're going to be talking about if you
have not been following the context and
I don't blame you and in fact I envy you
if that's the situation that you're in
this is a conversation between Trump and
Michael Cohen related to Playboy model
Karen McDougal
with whom Trump had an affair allegedly
at the end you're gonna hear Trump
talking about paying cash and you're
gonna hear Michael Cohen say no no no
two important things I want to mention
about this which have been mentioned
elsewhere but not so much recently
number one the cash issue before we play
the tape Rudy Giuliani has been claiming
or had been claiming for the last few
days when there was a transcript of the
tape but not the tape itself that
referencing cash for the payment had
been attributed in the transcript to
Donald Trump when in reality it was
Michael Cohen who brought up the issue
of paying cash you will listen to the
tape and you will see that it's actually
very very clearly Donald Trump who
mentions cash and then it's Cohen who
says no no no that's number one
there's also another part of the tape
which I don't even know if we're gonna
play this may be before we actually pick
up jump into it we're Donald Trump
references Pam and that increasingly is
being considered to maybe be a reference
to Pam Bondi the beleaguered Florida
Attorney General with whom Trump has had
sketchy dealings including a very
interestingly timed campaign donation
which coincided of course just mere
coincidence with the dropping of
Florida's interest in investigating
Trump University so that was at the
beginning
the tape let's now get into the tape
sort of in the heat of it where Donald
Trump and his then personal attorney
Michael Cohen are talking about how to
handle this Karen McDougal story about
her affair with Donald Trump
we got served from the New York Times I
told you this will require a lot to
unseal the divorce papers with Ivana
we're fighting it Catholics is going to
never never never catch doesn't don't
ever be able they don't have a they
don't have a legitimate birth of a woman
that doesn't correct some in handling
yes and it's all for about two three
weeks now you have to do is delay
influence even after that it's not going
to ever be opened there's no there's no
purpose for told you about Charleston I
need to open up a company for the
transfer of all of that info regarding
our friend David you know so that I'm
gonna do that right away I've actually
come upon it all to me and I've spoken
to Alan why superb about how to set the
whole thing up with a funding yes and
it's all the stuffing all the stuff
because here you never know where that
company you never know what he's gonna
get
correct so I'm I'm all over that and I
spoke to Alan about it when it comes
time for the financing which will be
listen what my name's will have to do so
oh I got so there is zero question
whatsoever that it's Donald Trump who
says what financing we're gonna pay cash
and Michael Cohen says no no no no go so
this is all water under the bridge for
trumpets they are already convinced that
there's nothing here they are saying
that the tape is too muddled to really
understand anything
obviously we we had no problem
whatsoever understanding this tape there
are a few things here okay Trump's new
lawyer Rudy Giuliani
is saying that the content of this tape
simply doesn't matter because they never
ended up making the payment this is
evidence that a payment was discussed
not evidence that a payment was made the
biggest thing I guess I don't know what
else did the the biggest element of this
that to me
is the most notable is that yet again
Trump is caught lying and this is
someone Karen McDougal about whom rumors
of affair were dismissed by Trump is
totally fake news obviously the affair
happened obviously Trump lies about
everything he's pretending to barely
even know who Karen McDougal was clearly
bogus given that he was having a
conversation with Michael Cohen about it
where he didn't seem to need to be clued
into any of the details he seemed to
know them and if you're waiting around
for trumpets to care about the lies that
ship has sailed okay that's not going to
happen
Trump claimed to know nothing about it
denied the affair entirely and now he's
on tape talking about paying her cash
criminality here as always possible
campaign finance law violations we just
don't know yet we need to see they claim
no payment was ever made do I believe
that well I certainly don't take their
word for it because they've been lying
about this all along Cohen also on the
tape admits to opening up another one of
these shell companies that should be
notable but that's par for the course at
this point that's how these people
operate Cohen opens up shell companies
and then makes payments of hush money to
people that have had affairs with Donald
Trump it's the same story with stormy
Daniels that makes the stormy story even
more plausible since she was also paid
out of a shell company created by
Michael Cohen so that's all the same
pattern the most interesting aspect of
this is that when word broke about this
tape I immediately thought if the feds
have this tape there are probably more
tapes and there's a new report out now
which says the feds probably have at
least 12 audio recordings if not more
from Michael Cohen and I maintain that
if someone can bring cut bring Donald
Trump down it is Michael Cohen
so what's Trump's reaction predictable
reaction going on PBS Newshour I'm just
kidding obviously going on Twitter where
else is he gonna go and saying quote
what kind of a lawyer would tape a
client so sad is this a first never
heard of it before
why was the tape so abruptly terminated
cut while I was presumably saying
positive things I hear there are other
clients and many reporters that are
taped can this be so too bad of course
Trump's media Lackey Sean Hannity
all over this framing the tapes is
nothing teasing the story as mumbled a
jumbled unintelligible tapes that don't
say anything notable anyway he actually
teased the segment like last night by
saying when we come back we have
breaking news the Cohen Trump audio is
out I'll give you a hint a huge dud dud
dud
straight ahead well I think more tapes
are coming right and maybe this one was
released on purpose because it's kind of
ambiguous like you don't know for sure
if Trump is suggesting that they should
make a cash payment right and maybe the
idea behind that is to catch Trump and
his lawyers in a lie right deny that it
ever happened and then you release more
tapes clearly showing that it did yeah
the next tape you have Trump on on tape
saying Michael here is a hundred and
fifty thousand dollars in cash
it is mostly 50s with some twenties
mixed in please count it make sure it
gets to Karen McDougal who I had sex
with and then of course they would say
listen that's a very muddled audio tape
and it that could be anybody we don't
know what that means what it was
definitely doctor that's that gonna be
the new excuse it's it's a fake tape the
tape is fake and did you know it's
incredible what Baron can do with
computers these days that could have
been anybody and it's completely
fabricated we'll see what happens but I
agree with Pat I think that we will see
more tapes eventually and they're not
going to be good for Donny boy remember
more than more than a year ago at this
point almost two years I mean feels like
10 years ago
when Donald Trump gave carrier
air-conditioning company a bunch of
money to keep a factory in Indiana
instead of moving something like a
thousand workers to Mexico and then
Trump claimed I did it I heroically
fixed and improved the economy by giving
money to this one company and what I
said at the time and I know many of you
were listening to the show watching the
show at the time and you'll remember me
saying this at the time I said this
isn't policy this isn't a change in the
economic and business environment that
led carrier to say I think we should
move these jobs to Mexico because we're
going to be better off financially by
doing that when you go and you give a
handout to one company and you get them
to make the opposite decision that the
market would have dictated you're not
fixing the economy at large you're not
changing
the economy at large all you're doing is
giving a company money to stay it's
effectively a bribe and of course it
failed hugely at the time carrier almost
immediately admitted that actually over
the long term the money they got from
Trump they were gonna use to automate
that Factory anyway are those those uh
job roles they were going to ultimately
move half of those thousand jobs to
Mexico anyway and it was an absolute and
total failure it was a band-aid but it
was like a crappy old band-aid that
barely had any adhesive left to stick to
your finger and you can barely even
really call it a band-aid at this point
an off-brand band-aid it was just an
adhesive bandage it was an adhesive
bandage that was not even waterproof it
was horrible whatever analogy however
far you want to go with the analogy and
now we have the exact same thing but
it's actually worse because now Donald
Trump is handing out money to try to put
a band-aid on a problem that he created
by choice the problem of the trade war
Trump's trade war a war he can't win a
war that was optional is optional has
crushed American farmers crushed
American farmers I've been telling you
about this most of these farmers are in
red states and most of them at least
mathematically are Republicans they are
Trump voters and their Republican
elected officials are understandably
upset about what's going on so what
Donald Trump has now come up with to do
is he's put together a 12 million dollar
I'm sorry 12 billion dollar emergency
fund for the farmers and farmers are
going to start getting payments because
they're getting crushed because of
Trump's trade war does anybody
understand how stupid this is does
anybody care the so-called fiscal
conservatives how fiscally irresponsible
this is you start a trade war with the
idea that I guess in some long-term way
it's going to be good for the country
it's gonna be good for American
businesses it's gonna be good for
workers we know it's not going to be
good economists say you can't win this
there's evidence that it's not good
because we are already seeing American
farmers get completely and totally
crushed so instead of looking at undoing
the bad economic policy in the first
place
Trump makes the decision
to compound the economic disaster by
spending 12 billion dollars of your
money on aid to farmers which will of
course much like giving money to carry
our air conditioner it's not going to
fix the problems that the trade war is
creating in the first place it's you
start with bad policy and then you put
bad policy on top of that what would
help farmers is fix the tariffs so that
they can get more access to foreign
markets instead of just giving them cash
and where are the fiscal conservatives
remember that when President Obama
bailed out the auto industry it was a
loan that was going to be repaid to
taxpayers with interest and at least the
portions that were loaned out under
Obama because remember some of it came
back from the Bush administration the
portions loaned out under Obama have
been paid back and Republicans still
went nuts saying you can't choose
winners and losers Obama didn't choose
winners and losers he gave out loans to
be paid back this is actually choosing
winners and losers it's saying here are
the farmers that are losing because of
the trade policy and we're gonna throw
cash at them - at least on paper keep
them as winners disastrous embarrassing
policies yeah and while the bankers
wanted to bail out it doesn't appear
like the farmers want one themselves I
don't know I don't know that I mean
they're suffering and they've said some
of them have been interviewed and
they've said well we we know these
things can take a while but in the short
term they're getting crushed and I don't
see them turning the money away anyway
that's right but they're also some of
the hardest workers in the entire
country yeah they want to pull
themselves up by their bootstraps and
you know this is all a result of an
unforced error it's not like it's the
result of a famine or no out or
something and there's actually something
horribly brilliant about what Trump is
doing here as political strategy as
usual I have no idea if Trump is aware
of this if somebody that's working for
Trump is aware of this farmers should
punish Trump in November for ruining
their businesses and their livelihoods
they should not vote for the Republicans
that allowed Trump to do the trade war
and in 2020 they should definitely not
vote for Trump either Trump starts this
trade war and it crushes the farmers but
then he says listen I had to do it they
were ripping us off we were being
treated unfairly
but here's some money so that you'll be
okay and now those farmers need Trump
because it's much easier for whoever
replaces Trump or Democrats if they take
over for Republicans in the Senate in
the house to say we're not going to do
the 12 billion in payments any more than
it is for Trump to change trade policy
and now the very people being crushed by
Trump are being held hostage to Trump's
12 billion dollars in payments because
they need the money and there's a
particular type of evil genius here and
don't forget that this was all caused by
Republicans the Republican president
starts the trade war the
republican-controlled House and Senate
allows it to happen
remember that Trump slammed Canada for
subsidizing their dairy industry which
made American dairy less competitive
what's Trump doing now by giving money
to farmers in the US it allows them to
charge less and end up with the same
amount of money because of the 12
billion in payments it is the same type
of subsidy that Trump slammed when it
was Canada doing it we are in total
idiocracy and i want to hear from you
about this i'm on twitter at des Pakman
the show is on twitter at david pakman
show and boy do we have a good one for
you today the david pakman show at david
pakman.com
[Music]
[Music]
the david pakman show at david
pakman.com okay let's say major major
thank you to two great people I want to
say thanks to silver Corbin who is
today's new david pakman show member of
the day also jeffrey huh spec who's been
with us since 2012 almost six years of
membership for Jeffrey and not quite six
years for silver but well on their way
both to total and complete deification
by the David Pakman show
join them at WWJ on comm or make a
pledge of as little as one dollar a
month at patreon.com slash david pakman
show
alright the much awaited
much-anticipated
very very exciting moment of the week
for many people and also something that
some people can't stand it's time for
hatred mail we're so all right it's
wrong patriot mail written by patriots
who hate David Pakman because America
and because freedom all right it's been
a little while since we had a
straight-up anti-feminist sort of men's
rights activist esque patriot mail and
that's exactly what we've got this week
let's take a listen to it together and
see if we can make heads or tails out of
it yeah ah Pakman you're miss and rest'
feminist agenda is showing you can't
seem to accept there are differences
between men and women this ping me to
anti male agenda has hijacked the
liberal wing and it's sickening
so basically get over at you ball s
wonder David Pakman is a paid actor for
the New World Order agenda he's been
exposed David Pakman hates America
confirmed so anytime you hear my name in
reverb like that for people who aren't
reading the transcript that's when my
name is in triple parentheses which is
the calling card of the anti some
white nationalist types that's how they
identified Jewish individuals on the
internet by putting triple parentheses
in the way we're interpreting that for
hatred mail purposes is with a with a
sort of extraordinary reverb thing yeah
this is a listen number one the idea
that the david pakman show is known for
a feminist agenda this is sort of like
with the Islam thing where we
simultaneously take heat because I'm too
tough on Islam and also an apologist for
Islamic terror and the truth is that I
just call it like I see it and sometimes
I have one view on a particular
situation and sometimes another it's the
same thing with the feminist stuff right
like we did a piece long-form piece
about a gender pay gap and I pointed out
that a gender pay gap exists the 77
cents on the dollar is just flat-out
wrong it appears to be more like 91 or
so cents on the dollar and some element
of that nine cent difference certainly
would be due to discrimination against
women some part of that nine cent
difference the people who believe
there's no pay gap whatsoever said I'm a
you know feminist soy boy whatever and
I've been totally subjugated by the
feminist agenda and then the some of the
people on the feminist side said David
how dare you question that it's 77 cents
on the dollar it you're both wrong it's
just there is a pay gap some part of it
is due to discrimination against women
and it's about 91 cents on the dollar I
would think that that long-form piece
would just please everyone right no no
there's no sound like both sides win we
meet on the middle we got to the bottom
of it and the truth wins out rarely in
politics is the truth actually just in
the middle of the two extremes in this
case the idea that there's no pay gap
whatsoever and that it's 70 cents 77
cents on the dollar it happened to be
roughly in the middle and everybody was
still furious anyway this is not a myth
and restore Miss Andrus show a period
and if that's that's how you see it as
because that's what you want to see make
22 hey tree its cry by using the coupon
code hey tree at 40 when you sign up for
membership at WWJ Ann pakman.com coupon
code hey tree at 40
gets you a 40% discount and it gets 22
hey tree it's too shut its here and and
it's a big fu to the hatreds does that
number grow every week it doesn't
