I want to talk about another angle to
this and then we're gonna move on from
the Trump and word tapes Fiasco with
every passing day almost with every
passing few hours we get closer to
confirming that Omarosa Manigault rump
is recorded saying horrible vile
disgusting things about black people
during tapings of The Apprentice is real
so we had number one the fact that
Omarosa claims Trump regularly used the
n-word and it's on tape to trump claim
that it's all lies and then three we had
this recording released where three
black Trump staffers appear to be
describing or discussing or debating how
to spin and provide context for
something really bad that Trump said we
then have as I told you just minutes ago
the press secretary Sarah Huckabee
Sanders unwilling to deny that it's
possible Trump is on tape using the
n-word about black people and we now
have sort of like a fifth or sixth piece
to this entire fiasco which is an
interview with the Penn Jillette Penn
Jillette of Penn & Teller Fame I guess
they are the illusionist magicians I
don't know what word they use what's
what's some political commentary thrown
in there yeah political magicians I
don't know where you want to call him
Penn Jillette was a contestant on The
Apprentice the reality show Trump hosted
five years ago and he also now is saying
Trump would regularly say absolutely
horrible things during tapings and the
interview was published yesterday in
vulture and it's really bad and there's
a couple key parts that I'm going to
read to you one is where he is asked
does Mark Burnett have tapes of
President Trump saying damaging things
during Celebrity Apprentice and pence
says yeah I was in the room and when
he's asked can you tell me what you've
heard him say Penn said quote know if
Donald Trump could not become president
I would tell you all the stories but the
stakes are now high and I am an
unreliable narrator what I do as much as
anything as I'm a storyteller and story
tellers are liars so I can emotionally
tell you things that happened racially
sexually and that showed stupidity and
lack of compassion when I was in the
room with Donald Trump and I guarantee
you that I will get details wrong I
would not feel comfortable talking about
what I felt I saw in that room because
when I was on that show I was sleeping
four to five hours a night I was
uncomfortable stress is the wrong word
but I
not at my best then at the end of the
day they put you in a room and they
bring out a guy Trump who has no power
whatsoever
and he's capricious and petty he is
actually being upfront here which is
yeah he said this stuff but I might not
get every detail right and the trumpets
would latch on to any minor
insignificant detail I get wrong to try
to discredit the entire story I've never
been a big fan of Penn Jillette's in any
way I've never found his commentary
super interesting I've never really
cared for his act but I don't want to
cloud that I don't want to let that
cloud the reality that he's being very
precise he's been cautious here about
what he says and what he doesn't say and
I think big picture he's a force for
good here he's a force in favor of the
world of skepticism and he's done some
good things and I have no reason
whatsoever to think that he's being
dishonest here yeah I think he's right
here because human memory can get muddy
too right especially because this
happened several years ago sure that's
why you know like eyewitness accounts
aren't the best pieces of evidence but
it's also not a denial - he's not saying
that Trump never used the word
no and he is saying that the horrible
things were related to both race and
sexuality so that is once again sort of
along the lines of what Omarosa is
saying but let's cut through all of this
right cut through Penn's assertions cut
through the speculation and the
conjecture and let's get down to what
matters if we ultimately get audio of
Donald Trump throwing the N word around
would it make a difference
he said racially insensitive stuff the
entire campaign he made fun of disabled
people he slammed the parents of dead
military service members he talked about
his own penis size during debates he
talked about grabbing him by the
and assaulting women by using his
celebrity power and he won anyway right
people already voted for him despite his
regularly saying horrible things is it
really actually going to change anything
if there's an word tapes of Trump I
don't think so I don't think so either I
mean in an alternate universe where
Bernie Sanders is president and there's
a tape of him saying the n-word yeah
that could take him down to his
resignation but with Trump there's
already a track record of racism like
it's already baked in we already know
who Trump is yeah but Trump was a
Democrat when he
those things I can't say it with a
straight face last thing prepare for
Penn Jillette to be attacked to some
wacky left-wing liberal he's not he's a
longtime small government libertarian
he's associated with the right-wing
libertarian Cato Institute he's no
liberal they might try to smear him as
one but he's not and the last and most
important thing to consider why would
mark burnett the producer of The
Apprentice if he has these tapes not
have release them I can't think of any
good answers other than he knows or
suspected that they would have been
damaging to Trump and he wanted to
protect Trump and that's something that
should scare us all because I believe
that it would be his responsibility if
he had these recordings to put them out
there if there was the time to release
them it would have been in the heat of
the 2016 election cycle it may be
shortly after the Access Hollywood tapes
but we I don't know what his politics
are at the same time you know the best
time to plant the tree is 20 years ago
the second best time is today the best
time to release him would have been
before Trump was elected the next best
time is right now and I hope that he
does that if he's got him I'm on Twitter
at D Pakman the show is on Twitter at
David Pakman show fantastic program for
you today and I'm glad you're with us
this might come as a shock to you but
Vice President Mike Pence said that the
president should resign over his lies
about his adultery truly shocking
revelation except he didn't say it about
the current president when I mean that
Mike Pence said the president should
resign over his lies related to
infidelity he was talking about Bill
Clinton at the time apparently when it's
Trump it no longer matters and this is
the same Mike Pence who's so pious and
so moral and so Christian such a good
Christian that he won't have dinner
alone with another woman it needs to
have a chaperone there and there's been
a bunch of old columns by pence that
have come to light and of course he's
talking about Bill Clinton here but
wouldn't it apply five times more to
Donald Trump pence wrote who knows what
year if you fall and I fall into bad
moral habits we can harm our families
our employers and our friends the
President of the United States can
incinerate the planet seriously the very
idea that we ought to have at or less
than the same moral demands placed on
the chief executive that we place on our
next-door neighbor is
ludicrous and dangerous throughout our
history we have seen the presidency as
the repository of all our highest hopes
and ideals and values to demand less is
to do an injustice to the blood that
bought our freedoms and then the
goldmine calling for the resignation of
the president for lying about adultery
not this president the previous
president of course saying our leaders
must either act to restore the luster
and dignity of the institution of the
presidency or we can be certain that
this is only the beginning of an even
more difficult time for our land for the
nation to move on the president must
move out he's also on audio visual
recordings saying very similar things
take a look at this is adultery no
longer a big deal in Indiana and in
America and just love to know your
thoughts cuz I I for one believe that
the seventh commandment contained in the
Ten Commandments is still a big deal
it's the most important promise you'll
ever make
and holding people accountable to those
promises and holding people accountable
to respecting the promises that other
people make to me what what could
possibly be a bigger deal than that in
this country if only he would hold the
current president to that standard and I
point this out not to actually have a
conversation about hypocrisy but to
point out that it's all bs what I mean
is political positions public personas
political issues making something a big
deal or not a big deal this is all cover
for what we've seen happen bigger
picture in the United States for the
last 30 to 40 years which is that
corporations increasingly control
government and our lives and this is
sort of the other side to the Trump
Fiasco on the one hand we have to report
on the day to day of the Trump
administration the hypocrisy from
everyone around him like Mike Pence in
this clip the lies the corruption with
Russia the possible obstruction of
justice and crimes it's all real and
it's all happening but the backdrop is
that behind the micro of the political
theater is that the Trump administration
didn't just appear out of nowhere
we have a very flawed democracy and I
don't mean just like how we count votes
first-past-the-post
I mean our political system for decades
has been dominated by the false
dichotomy of Democrat versus Republican
when it's been two parties that allowed
corporate power to build where the
individual now barely counts and yes all
the time I tell you Democrats and
Republicans are different on many issues
what the minimum wage should be net
neutrality important differences and
we've got to vote the current regime out
in November but elected officials from
both parties for decades stand aside
they benefit from the status quo no one
gets the corporate and dark money out of
politics and I question of course
whether any of them want to since the
status quo got them elected and then the
majority of the political debate is
playing to the narrow debate where there
is no real questioning of the systems
that got us here at large campaign
finance yes that is a meta questioning
of the system and people are doing it
some people are doing it but not in a
way where the protests and the civil
disobedience are actually going to
change what's going on
how did Trump win the Republican primary
okay that's an important question do his
supporters realize that they've been
bamboozled maybe they do maybe they
don't
it matters but the big issue is how
corporate power has subjugated both
Democrats and Republicans none of that
would have changed whether it's Hillary
or Trump major consequences between
Hillary versus Trump which Wars will be
started how many lives will Trump ruin
but the status quo pushes ahead and this
pens hypocrisy about resignation based
on lying about infidelity it's just
another data point that it is all
political posturing 95% of what we hear
from our elected officials on both sides
is political posturing Pat there may be
tapes oh lordy it seems that there might
be tapes I haven't talked about this
story on the regular show because
there's been a lot of conjecture and a
lot of speculation but it is very
quickly becoming a real story and I do
want to talk about it now and it relates
to Omarosa Manigault our she recently
wrote a book one of these salacious
tell-all type books where she claims
that there are recordings of Donald
Trump using the n-word
this wouldn't be hugely surprising like
I I don't I don't know that many people
in our audience who
be shocked to hear tapes of Trump using
the n-word but Donald Trump has been
denying that he uses the n-word never
mind they're being recordings and
initially there was this very aggressive
smear campaign against Omarosa and it
worked pretty well because there was a
contradiction in her tell-all memoir
she said tapes exist of Trump using the
n-word but I haven't heard them more
recently she changed her mind and she
said oh I have heard the tapes and this
appeared to be a contradiction but she's
explained it by saying no when I you
know I wrote the book some time ago at
that point I hadn't heard the tapes now
I have heard the tapes and that's a
plausible enough explanation but this
hasn't stopped the Trump administration
and Trump himself from going into full
denial and smear mode calling Omarosa
all sorts of things
here's Trump on Twitter denying that he
has ever used the word the the n-word
that is just not in his vocabulary he
tweeted yesterday Mark Burnett called
he's the producer of The Apprentice to
say that there are no tapes of The
Apprentice where I used such a terrible
and disgusting word as attributed by
wacky and deranged Omarosa I don't have
that word in my vocabulary and I never
have she made it up look at her many
recent quotes okay and he goes on from
there but that's the relevant part so
now the narrative begins to fall apart
step one was yesterday
when a recording was leaked of Omarosa
being fired by White House chief of
staff John Kelly and that confirms
merely that recordings exist that
Omarosa has right all we learned from
that is that Omarosa has tapes and it's
not completely out of the realm of
possibility that she has more than one
tape people who record conversations
with others probably don't do it just
once so yes we at least know that it's
it's plausible that Omarosa has or has
access to tapes the big story happened
this morning where a recording was
released and what the recording
supposedly contains which I'm about to
play for you our trump staffers during
the campaign talking about how to manage
or spin
trump's use of the n-word CBS has
obtained this audio what we are told
this is
is a conversation involving Omarosa and
remember Katrina Pierson and other Trump
staffers figuring out how do we spin
what Trump said which is presumed to be
the n-word
take a listen then described a
conversation she had with then-candidate
Trump about making the slur so this is
just part a it's not proof that this was
about the n-word but it is about
something Trump said and the three
people involved here are I think we
determined Katrina Pierson is black
right it's true three of trumps black
staffers which of course again is not
proof of anything but the lies are
racking up because yesterday Katrina
Pierson claimed on Fox News that this
call never even took place that she
never participated in a call like this
and now 12 hours later we have audio of
the exact type of conversation that
Katrina Pierson that claimed never
happened so this is building pad and
slowly but surely in this drip drip drip
method we're getting closer to
confirmation of exactly what Omarosa is
claiming here yeah I mean everything
Elmer osis says you have to take with a
grain of salt especially now because
she's trying to sell her books yeah but
she said on Meet the Press that the tape
could be saved for an October Surprise
and I don't know if that's this October
or tomorrow morning 20 but yet that
would be highly damaging it could hurt
his poll numbers for a whole week and I
think your your point about what we'll
talk about the impact does this mean
Omarosa is a great person who we should
all love and trust no and she never
should have been working at the White
House but more and more elements of this
particular story are being proven true
in Trump's now furious at Omarosa which
is so funny because when you hire
someone that you know to be crazed
erratic
backstabber to work for you how are you
then shocked and angry when she ends up
being erratic and backstabbing you again
yeah he fired her three times on the
apprentice and then once from the White
House but Trump was supposed to hire the
best people that's not happening and I
actually am interested in how do you
spin like let's assume they're
discussing how to spin use of the n-word
how do you spin it you say he was
talking about the country of Niger it
was a conversation about African
diplomacy and he just had like a verbal
typo or a Freudian slip of some kind
he said he was quoting rap lyrics
right there was no ER on the end this
was merely him talking about the rap
songs it like ha what kind of context
can you even invent to make this
reasonable from Trump's usage there
would be no excuse for him saying it at
all but I mean the context would matter
like is he using it like how Bill Maher
use I don't think back verses and you
know an insulting way like there are
there are differences there context can
make it as we talked about yesterday on
the story about race baiting where mere
use of the n-word is not necessarily
racist discriminatory prejudicial
whatever Trump just doesn't have a
history of discussing race relations in
ways or I would imagine some benign
usage of the n-word last thing you can
tell how likely it is this is true by
how horrible the things Trump is saying
about Omarosa are and he's now calling
her a lowlife dog he treated this
tweeted this morning quote when you give
a crazed crying lowlife a break and give
her a job at the White House I guess it
just didn't work out good work by
general Kelly for quickly firing that
dog the more insulting Trump is the more
likely historically we've seen proven he
is to know that the allegations are true
send me your thoughts I'm on Twitter at
D Pakman the show is on twitter at david
pakman show will we ever get the N word
tapes do you think that they exist let
me know I am going to submit for your
review today what I believe could be the
most shameful moment of the Trump
administration so far and it's an
interview of Katrina Pierson appearing
on Fox News and straight-up lying to Ed
hen
his face repeatedly boldly confidently
about known facts that are on audio
recording so let me catch you up about
all this this relates to the Trump
n-word recordings which seem to be
bringing out the absolute worst pathetic
lying in everybody who's surrounding
Trump
it started when former Trump staffer
Omarosa Manigault rump using the n-word
when talking about black people and she
also specifically said that Trump
campaign advisor Katrina Pierson is on
one of these recordings talking about
how should they spin how can they spin
Donald Trump's use of the n-word Katrina
Pierson appeared on Fox News Monday
night I've already told you about this
and when she appeared on Monday night
she said no such tape exists no I was
