we're back and the day after Earth Day
2018 and one of the most important
issues that we're dealing with as humans
is what we're doing to the climate and
much of what the current President of
the United States is doing can be rolled
back and in some areas the damage done
can be sort of undone to some degree but
you can't undo years of damaging our
planet the only planet that we at least
for now have to live on and the best
analogy I can think of it sort of like a
huge ocean liner or a large commercial
plane that's sailing or flying in the
wrong direction the amount of time and
fuel and effort to reroute it after
every minute that it's going in the
wrong direction grows and in some cases
grows exponentially if a commercial
airliner is off target for 15 minutes
that could potentially add 30 minutes in
total to the flight time that you would
have had from point A to point B if the
plane had been going in the right
direction from the get-go and that
effect can grow even more over time and
that's sort of an analogy for climate
change right the amount of damage that
Donald Trump and his administration will
do relative to what another president
might have done in a four-year term
could take us way more than four years
to undo and on that note Earth Day was
yesterday April 22nd 2018 and Donald
Trump and his White House put out an
Earth Day statement really in name only
and orwellian is really the only way
that I can describe it and what I'm
referencing is George Orwell's book 1984
that book included the terms doublethink
and Newspeak and those have been sort of
colloquially blended together into the
term doublespeak the idea of ambiguous
speech by definition of by by design in
order to be deceptive or speech that
means the opposite of what it sounds
like and that's sort of what I mean when
I say that Donald Trump's Earth Day
statement was Orwellian in nature
because Earth Day is supposed to be
about
supporting environmental protection
taking care of our planet that's what
it's been about since 1970 when it was
first celebrated this is a global event
nearly 200 countries participating and
Donald Trump's Earth Day statement
celebrated the destruction that is being
done to the environment by his
administration let's take a look at a
piece of that statement that was put out
where the Trump administration said in
the second paragraph quote we also know
that a strong market driven economy is
essential to protecting these resources
meaning natural earth resources for this
reason my administration is dedicated to
removing unnecessary and harmful
regulations that restrain economic
growth and make it more difficult for
local communities to prosper and to
choose the best solutions for their
environment that's the exact opposite of
the reality right market-driven is
what's causing the problem not enough
regulation on industry since
industrialization right for the last
hundred and fifty two hundred years
that's been the catalyst for the
situation we now find ourselves in
Trump's administration has destroyed
countless Obama era environmental
protection regulations doing more damage
to the environment by their removal and
Trump's EPA director Scott Pruett who by
the way we've learned is the subject of
ten federal investigations right now
I'll tell you about that a little bit
later
Trump's EPA director Scott Pruett has
announced that he's going to be gutting
fuel standards that were meant to cut
carbon emissions those will be gone soon
Trump's administration has a plan to do
more offshore drilling which does more
damage to the environment so Trump's
message on Earth Day is we love the
earth protect the earth I guess which
he's going to do by removing regulations
and allowing industry to further destroy
the planet the Earth Day statement from
Trump is the opposite of what Earth Day
is supposed to be about or in other
words
Earth Day
made Trump make a statement that he's
going to do exactly what earth day is
supposed to stop it's like a speech on I
mean I don't know Martin Luther King Day
about how the president is going to work
hard to get us back to like the era of
Jim Crow or something I don't know if
that's a good analogy or a speech on
Holocaust Remembrance Day about how the
president is going to finally get to the
bottom of those crafty Jews controlling
the banking industry maybe these are bad
analogies the guy seems to be saying
that to have a clean environment a safe
environment a healthy planet
corporations must thrive when
corporations are the ones that have by
and large done the economic destruction
when we've left them unchecked but I
guess we have clean coal now or
something if you ask Donald Trump
totally clean beautiful coal and the the
real point I want to make here the
statement is totally Orwellian the
broader absurdity here is that we have
this Earth Day thing once a year which I
support I agree with it's a beautiful
thing 200 countries nearly getting
involved but then we elect politicians
nationwide who deny climate change
altogether or at least deny that climate
change is connected to human activities
they represent this year-round and we
have Earth Day once a year it's
absolutely disgusting
unconscionable and immoral what we are
doing and at the top of the list of
problems related to Earth Day is the guy
running the EPA Scott Pruett which is
what I want to talk to you about next
okay I didn't think we'd be going back
to the supposed P tape a possible video
recording of Donald Trump with
prostitutes in Russia possibly engaging
in or maybe just watching them engage in
various sexualized urine related rituals
I'm really using very very the cleanest
possible language to talk about this but
Trump's been caught in his first live
related to the supposed P tape and I
want to be super clear here so I'm going
to say this twice I'm gonna say this now
and I'm gonna say it after I explain the
lie the reason this is a big deal is not
because it proves that the P tape is
real the P tape may not be real this is
a big deal because
is evidence that Trump is lying about
the facts related to the P tape and
Trump often has a pattern of lying about
small elements of a story first and then
the disproving of those small elements
leads to an understanding that it's all
a big lie okay so that that's the
disclaimer what happened
we've now learned through various
interviews given by the fired FBI
director James Comey that Trump
specifically wanted to convince Comey
when they met that the P tape rumor
wasn't true okay and according to Comey
Trump said a few things in sort of his
defense one is that he's a germaphobe or
something along those lines the other is
that it's not possible that Trump was
involved in the urine stuff with Russian
prostitutes or prostitutes in Russia
because he never spent the night in
Moscow back in 2013 around the time of
the Miss Universe pageant that was held
there this is the trip during which it
supposedly happened if it did Trump
insisted he left on a plane the same day
the same night and that apparently
implied in that is that if you're gonna
do urine fetish prostitute stuff in a
hotel room you'd have to do it in the
middle of the night or very very very
late at night now any normal person
could say you know it could also happen
during the day but let's stick with
Donald Trump's story which is it's not
possible because he didn't stay over
let's look at a piece of James commis
writing about the situation where Comey
said Comey said he said he had spoken to
people who had been on the Miss Universe
trip with him and they had reminded him
that he didn't stay overnight in Russia
for that he said he arrived in the
morning did events then showered and
dressed for the pageant at the hotel he
didn't say the hotel name and left for
the pageant afterwards he returned only
to get his things because they departed
for New York by plane that same night so
Trump's alibi so to speak is he didn't
spend the night he left the same day up
until now there was the suspicion that
that's not true that Trump actually
stayed in Moscow for two nights which
immediately contradicts his supposed
alibi but now Bloomberg is able to
disprove that claim specifically because
they have the flight records and what we
have learned is that Donald Trump flew
to Moscow on November 7th of 2013 not
his plane but on a private jet owned by
Phil Ruffin who's one of trumps business
partners that plane landed in Moscow on
November 8th accounting for the time
changed the time zone difference later
on November 8th Trump went to eat at
Nobu Moscow the sushi restaurant Nobu
Moscow the next day November 9th there
are Facebook posts that show Trump was
at the Ritz Hotel during the day that's
already won overnight and Trump tweeted
that he had a tour of Moscow on that day
and then later Trump went to the Miss
Universe pageant itself then went to an
after party and that after-party started
at 1:00 a.m. November 10th
so remember Trump arrived November 8th
and he's there at least until 1:00 a.m.
November 10th which is almost two full
days later later that night the plane
that Trump flew to Moscow in left at
4:00 a.m. meaning that even if Trump was
on that plane and let's assume that he
was he spent the better part of two full
nights in Moscow so that directly
disproves Trump's story and the timeline
so let's go back to what I started with
because it's the most important thing
here I'm not saying that the fact that
Trump lied about not having spent any
nights in Moscow proves that the P tape
is real or that the prostitute story is
real whether or not there is a video
recording it's a big deal because Trump
is now lying about his supposed alibi
when it comes to the P tape and when I
step back from it I don't know what the
truth is
but it's weird that there's been so much
focus by Trump on the existence or
nonexistence of this p tape and it's
also weird that too many specifics from
Trump about something that supposedly
didn't happen seem to be wrong and it's
also kind of weird I'm thinking like if
someone came to me with this I would
just say there's no tape because it's
not something I did period I wouldn't
say well you know I'm very germaphobic
you know I wouldn't really get involved
would get involved in urine stuff with
Russian prostitutes or you know it the
timing of it like it's basically a
scheduling conflict right like when you
say it couldn't have it didn't happen
because I didn't overnight in Moscow
you're not saying it's something you
wouldn't do you're just saying like the
timing
didn't allow for it which is a really
weird way to defend yourself yeah I feel
like there are two possibilities here
one is that it's like the one aspect of
the Christopher Steele dossier that's
not true and Trump thought that he could
easily debunk it so that's why he wanted
to zero in on that yeah the other
possibility is that pretty much
everything in the Steele dossier is true
but because Trump found this to be like
the most damaging to his reputation most
hellacious the most embarrassing he
wanted to make sure that that was off
the record there's a third possibility
which is maybe he was given wrong
information about overnighting and like
it still didn't happen but the alibi
can't be that he didn't overnight there
or something like that but the bottom
line is these are not exactly normal
reactions in light of these accusations
and you know what in the end Hillary
Clinton reportedly urinated multiple
times during the 2016 presidential
campaign Comey is not talking about it
Fox News isn't - nobody's talking about
the fact that Hillary Clinton was
urinating all throughout that campaign
and we're only hearing about Trump and
urine in the middle of debates no less
she would leave and not be back for the
commercial break though right we in fact
Donald Trump calling attention to it at
one point so lie confirmed about the P
tape stuff it's not actually about the P
tape it's about the fact that Trump has
been caught lying again about something
that a normal person would just say I
didn't do that and there's no evidence
that I did it because it didn't happen
let's talk about a visit to the United
States by French president Emmanuel
macron who went to Washington DC
yesterday first state dinner took place
last night the entire thing was a gong
show from the get-go and I'm gonna get
to Donald Trump's statement about his -
plus our meeting with McCrone
momentarily but just to give you first a
little bit of the flavor for the endless
string of bizarre faux pause each
outdoing the previous in terms of
Trump's meeting with world leaders
during a photo-op in the White House
Donald Trump at one point claimed to be
wiping dandruff off of the shoulder of
the French president and the funniest
thing if you're watching you'll be able
to hear what Trump says whether you're
listening or watching if you're watching
you'll also be able to observe the look
on Emmanuel macron face when Donald
Trump is due
this and it is it's an amazing reaction
by virtue of non reaction McCrone sort
of stone-faced with a smile right like a
an immovable smile on his face as Donald
Trump claims to be wiping dandruff off
of the French president's suit take a
look at this take a listen to this mr.
president they're all saying what a
great relationship we have and they're
actually correct it's not fake news
finally it's not fake news so it's a
great honor great honor that you hear
but we do have a very special
relationship in fact I'll get that
little piece of dandruff little piece we
have to make them perfect he is perfect
so it is really it is really great to be
with you and your special friend thank
you thank you thank you thank you again
thank you very much mr. president
yeah interestingly that was the least
cringe-worthy moment of the entire visit
so it only got worse from there and they
did a sort of statement after their
meeting they were sitting across from
each other at a table Mike Pence was
next to draught Trump and Jim mattis and
a John Bolton was on Trump's side of the
table and everything about it was just
transmitting a very very strange
atmosphere let's go through a few clips
from the meeting we're going to have a
short little meeting and it turned out
to be a long meeting and it could have
gone on for another two hours we
discussed a lot of things a lot of
problems in the world a lot of problems
that we think can be solved we've come a
long way just the two of us I think is
understanding when we talked about Iran
we talked about Syria we talked about a
lot of subjects that really are big big
hard situations and we think we have
solutions to a number of them so we're
going to continue that now and then
Emanuel and myself will meet again I
think after this meeting right aside
from Trump referring to them going over
a number of big hard situations that
that actually again I that's not the
weirdest part of this what's weird I
think is sort of a couple things number
one there's this attitude from Trump
generally that like he's bad
McCrone right on some level he's just
he's a better he's a better man he's a
better person he's more important than
McCrone but also there's this feeling
like it's all sort of a bother to him
like he he's sort of yeah I'm doing this
and we had a meeting we could have met
longer we talked about trade I set the
agenda but it's all kind of like from a
point of condescension isn't that it's
going through the motions he's talking
about law without saying anything and I
kind of wish I could do that too you're
just like well in the air well and what
he ended up doing is just going very
quickly into bragging about random
random things right so there's no real
indication that he actually saw the
content of the meeting with the French
president is that important because he
immediately jumped in to bragging about
unemployment rates in different states
take a look very good numbers are coming
out on our businesses you see the
numbers that are getting released on our
companies and our businesses they're
very strong the economy is is been
really incredible unemployment now is at
the lowest point ever in history in many
many states the states were enumerated
last night late last night the numbers
came out and we've hit the lowest
unemployment numbers in many decades in
some cases and in some cases the lowest
number is period it was just reiterated
that unemployment for African American
families it's been the best in history
for Hispanic families the best in
history for women the best in eighteen
years and that's very close to going
much higher than that so it's really
something very special so we're very
happy about that it's like what is he
talking about if you're a manual McCrone
and you're sitting there across from him
what what do you make of the fact that
Trump is just making absolutely no sense
and a lot of the stuff he said wasn't
even true he said we've just gotten the
net we've gotten the numbers from our
companies and everything's great the Dow
crashed 500 points yesterday
unanticipated bad earnings numbers like
where is Trump getting this stuff and it
just went on like this for a while I
don't know what is going through the
French president's head as this is going
on and then Trump talks about his
conversation with McCrone again this
time saying they talked about trade
which I'm sure they did but it's made
abundantly clear that Trump doesn't know
anything about Trey
look at this the president and I working
on trade the trade with France is
complicated because we have the European
Union I would rather deal just with
France the Union is very tough for us
that they have trade barriers that are
unacceptable our farmers can't send
their product into the European Union
easily as they should and we accept
their product so we have to make a
change and they understand that if we're
negotiating Wilbur and Steve and
everybody we're negotiating with the
European Union yeah but he's doing a
great job and then trade apparently got
Trump into talking about China where it
really got strange take a look at this
last clip is we have no choice but to be
very serious
you know we've put on very substantial
tariffs and that will continue unless we
make a trade deal I think we're we've
got a very good chance of making a deal
as you know they've just stated
President Xi a terrific guy and a friend
of mine but he's representing China and
I'm representing the United States
president she made a speech four days
ago where he said that China is going to
be opened up it's not opened up right
now they trade with us we can't trade
with them they did 504 billion dollars
last year and we did a hundred and
twenty billion dollars that's a
tremendous imbalance that we can't have
that yeah the key moment there was when
Trump clarified that he represents the
United States and trade deals it's
