the fallout from Bob Woodward's book
about the Trump White House continues
and today I want to focus in on comments
from Gary Cohn who's a former economic
adviser of Donald Trump's who says
according to Bob Woodward's book this is
pretty full on that Donald Trump has the
IQ of an inbred tanning bed which is
really a nice comedic touch because just
saying he has the IQ of a tanning bed is
sort of funny and it maybe is a
connection to Donald Trump's fake
tanning which he is so known for but
adding the touch about the inbred
tanning bed really puts it over the top
for me and this is now not merely
anecdotal that's really the story for me
the people who stopped working for
Donald Trump and don't have some
personal interest in not disparaging him
sometimes they're party to
non-disclosure agreements that they
choose to abide by although sometimes
they choose to ignore them or those who
are not hired to be Trump apologists so
Corey Lewandowski Trump's former
campaign manager sort of famously left
Trump's World Organization campaign
administration whatever and went on CNN
but he was hired as the Trump guy so he
wasn't going to go on and say bad things
those who just leave and say what's on
their minds seem to say really bad
things about Donald Trump including that
the reality is way worse than what the
public knows and that's exactly what
Gary Cohen who was part of the Goldman
Sachs wing of the Trump administration
is saying according to Bob Woodward's
new book Cohn was the director of the
National Economic Council for Trump for
a little while and he was reportedly
stunned by how ignorant Trump was
starting from day one
Trump has according to a cone and from
what we know a pretty fundamental
misunderstanding of basic economics and
even of how money works remember that
phone call he made to one of his
national security advisors Michael Flynn
to ask him about whether the dollar
going up
down was good for the United States and
Gary cones anecdotes about Trump's money
knowledge are truly amazing cone told
according to Bob Woodward cone told
Trump that the Fed was probably going to
be increasing interest rates during
Donald Trump's first term and Trump
allegedly said we should just go borrow
a lot of money hold the money and then
sell the money for more and we will make
money and Cohn explained to him no no if
we borrow money that increases the
deficit and you said you wanted to get
rid of the deficit to which Trump
responded just run the presses print
money according to Bob Woodward so the
trend is Trump is ignorant his first
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson called
him a
defense secretary Jim mattis according
to Bob Woodward told close associates
that Trump quote had the understanding
of a fifth or sixth grader former White
House deputy chief of staff Katie Walsh
reportedly said that working with Trump
was quote like trying to figure out what
a child wants I don't even know that I
agree because you can usually figure out
what the child wants it doesn't seem to
be clear what Trump wants and Scott
Pruett the EPA director said in not so
many words that Trump has effectively no
understanding whatsoever of both the
Constitution and the rule of law Pruitt
one of the most corrupt and vile members
of trumps administration even sees the
absurdity of what he's dealing with with
Donald Trump and now you have Gary cone
saying that Trump has the IQ of an
inbred tanning bed there are two kind of
parallel levels of debate or discussion
taking place right now on the right
within the right you're starting to see
some people engage in a debate with
trumpets about whether Trump truly is or
isn't qualified to be President that's
actually kind of a win like just the
fact that we're seeing some Republicans
say okay i Hillary's a disaster I hate
Hill
she's evil she should be locked up
whatever but Trump may not be qualified
to be President but I'm still a
Republican and I want a Republican to be
President the left is beyond that we're
now mostly exploring on the left whether
Trump is qualified to I don't know run a
car wash and I don't want to insult car
wash owners I think the answer is
clearly no Trump's not even qualified to
run a car wash and car wash owners
likely are more qualified than Trump to
be President they probably have some
basic understanding of how money works
Breaking Bad I guess would be one
example of that but the this is
alternate universes we're seeing this
fork this divergence where on the right
were desperate to see even just a few
introspective critical comments about
listen maybe this guy shouldn't be
president whereas on the Left we're
saying this is a crisis of monumental
proportions we are going to continue
scaling up our coverage of the 2018
midterm elections as we get closer and
closer now seven and a half weeks away
and what I want to talk to you about
today is that there is a major major a
growing problem for Republicans and for
Donald Trump and as a result of Donald
Trump's lack of popularity in the
Midwest okay the overall advantage for
Democrats in the upcoming midterms has
grown significantly over the last two
months and there are all sorts of
different voter models you can look at
that look at the Senate that look at the
House of Representatives based on
leaning and likely seats and different
likely voter models but the big picture
is that the numbers have dropped gone
significantly in the direction of
Democrats over the last two months the
voting group that is responsible for
that swing away from Republicans and
Trump endorsed Republicans and towards
Democrats are voters in the Midwest of
the United States of America they have
swung 13 percentage points since July
towards Democrats and it's not just one
poll there's this national NPR Marist
Poll which shows that
the 2018 midterm sort of outlook has
swung significantly toward Democrats
over the last two months if you look at
Marist state-by-state polls you will see
that the big changes are in the Midwest
and it is again away from Republicans
and towards Democrats now this could
actually be this it's almost like kind
of obvious but it doesn't happen that
often this could actually be people in
the Midwest realizing that Trump is
screwing them big-time and is screwing
them specifically more than he's
screwing most other people in the United
States of America Trump's abortive
tariffs which I've been talking about
for months are bad for mostly everyone
but they're especially bad for people in
the Midwest who work in farming and who
work in manufacturing to pick a couple
of industries wouldn't it be wonderful
if quite simply people reacted to
politicians passing policy that's bad
for them by saying I'm going to vote for
someone else the rich do it right the
rich see very clearly okay this is who's
going to give me a tax cut or this is
who's going to give my business a tax
reduction and that's who I'm going to
vote for and I'm gonna use the money
that I have surplus money because I've
been getting those tax cuts from
Republican presidents for a long time
and I am going to refund all it back in
to people who are going to pass laws
that are good for my checkbook but good
good for my pocketbook good for my bank
account whatever whatever metaphor or
analogy you want to use what if the
farming industry and the manufacturing
industry in the Midwest simply said this
guy screwing us we're going to vote for
someone else we're going to put aside
what might be differences on social
issues and we're going to vote for
somebody who is not actively part of the
problem that is screwing us day after
day after day now let's talk about what
needs to happen in the Midwest and in
other parts of the country in November
polls are nice but voting is what counts
and President Obama former President
Obama has been talking about this and so
have many others whatever the polls say
these Midwesterners and everybody else
must get out and vote and we are going
to start putting together possible sort
of result scenarios 538 has been doing
some really good work on this and there
are other websites that are doing really
really good mathematical work here and
all of that matters but every single
person that watches the show that
listens to the show needs to treat
whatever race you can participate in by
voting or by phone banking or by
volunteering or donating treat every
race as 50/50 make sure you were
registered to vote and actually do vote
but then if you have the means to donate
donate if you have the time to volunteer
or if you can make time and I think that
you should do that and when you look at
these different election previews like
the one on five thirty eight.com check
out some of those races they'll often be
ranked as safe Democrat and Republican
likely Democrat and Republican and
leaning Democrat and Republican those
leaning and likely are the ones where
get out the vote and phone banking and
all of that type of activism can
actually make a difference so please
please do it this is a massive you
should be engaged period because this
stuff matters and if you watch the show
you probably already are engaged to some
degree otherwise you'd be watching or
listening to something else but this is
an opportunity in terms of the
importance of these midterms that does
not come up all the time it has been a
long time since there have been midterms
of this degree of consequence if you
don't plan to vote okay
I'm speaking directly to you now please
email me and explain to me why you don't
plan to vote in November I can't think
of any good reasons not to vote in
November and if you don't plan to vote
other than you know there's some
logistical reason why you're not going
to be voting if you're gonna choose not
to vote please tell me I want to hear
from you and I also want to hear from
you on Twitter where you can find me at
des Pakman follow me there you can also
follow the show on twitter at david
pakman show we'll take a quick break we
have a fantastic program for you today
in this next story I'm going to give you
the headline as it was reported and then
I'll give you the deed
which surprisingly are not actually as
exciting as the headline suggests you've
probably heard that Donald Trump has
been accused of various forms of sexual
assault by all sorts of different people
all women I believe and this even
includes forcible rape of a minor girl
okay
one of the women who accused Trump is
summer servos who was a contestant
previously on The Apprentice which is
this reality show that Donald Trump
hosted years ago so the news as it's
being reported is Trump will have to
answer questions in a case involving
summer servos that's true
but now I'm going to give you all the
mitigating factors that make this much
less of a big deal than it might sound
like so first of all this is a
defamation lawsuit it's not a criminal
trial so yes it is a case but it's a
defamation lawsuit not a criminal trial
number two Donald Trump will answer the
questions technically but they are going
to be answered in writing by his
attorneys so this is going to make it
extraordinarily unlikely that anything
notable or controversial is going to
come from it number three even though it
still would be a crime to lie on the
written answers as I mentioned earlier
in the show perjury is both incredibly
difficult to prosecute and you can
indict a sitting president on criminal
charges you have to impeach them so even
if Trump lied in his written answers
about the defamation suit by some some
reserve OHS he's not going to get
impeached for lying on answers in a
defamation lawsuit from summer servos so
yeah Trump has been ordered to answer
questions but his lawyers are going to
provide answers that we know aren't
going to contain any significant amount
of substance it's interesting it's not
nothing but it would be endlessly more
interesting at this point simply to get
Donald Trump's tax returns rather than
answers in a summer servos defamation
lawsuit the one interesting legal thing
here that I do want to mention and that
that we actually have been talking about
for a while is that yes Donald Trump any
president the consensus the legal
consensus seems to be that
immune from criminal prosecution during
his presidency he may even be even be
immune from being forced to testify in
criminal trials during his presidency
that's less clear this is a civil case
which while it would lead to at worst
Donald Trump you know maybe having to
give some reserve us money the President
does not have immunity from such cases
and the president is also not immune to
civil penalties while presidents so some
reserve OHS could win the defamation
lawsuit and Trump could have to pay up
his position as president wouldn't
affect that I want to go back to one
other thing in both the civil and
criminal matters that Donald Trump is
dealing with so in this case it's a
civil matter defamation lawsuit from
from an accuser criminal like the Trump
Moeller Russia investigation Trump's
lawyers constantly are saying he's way
too busy to actually show up and testify
or to answer questions so he's going to
have to do it in writing with Muller
they want the questions in writing in
this case they wanted and got an
agreement that allows them to answer the
questions in writing Trump genuinely
doesn't seem too busy to show up to this
stuff he's golfing 25% of the time twice
a day I think it was 9:30 and 4:30 he
gets a propaganda file of positive news
coverage he watches cable news for hours
every single morning
he holds rallies all over the country
that are for a presidential race that
hasn't even really started yet he tweets
for hours every single night he's not
too busy
it's simply untrue and it would be great
if at some point a judge or an
investigator or someone said wait wait a
second you're clearly not too busy
you're gonna have to show up because
you're spending a quarter of your time
golfing but then of course the dreaded
perjury trap could happen I actually
fret I'm not gonna you know you all know
where I'm not gonna say where but it's
one of these trumpian enclaves of the
internet I read some crumb pused saying
it's good that he's going to answer
these questions in writing because
otherwise he could fall for a perjury
trap this is a defamation case that is
civil if there's going to be a place
where Donald Trump
you would think would just say I'm gonna
tell the truth because the truth is far
simpler here it would be in this
particular instance but alas you can't
really talk sense into them if you were
not following the david pakman show on
instagram at david pakman show you
missed great pictures from my trip
including one with former david pakman
show producer louis follow the david
pakman show on instagram at david pakman
show and make sure to follow me as well
i'm on instagram at david pakman today's
program is made possible in part by
movement you guys have heard me talk
about those two college dropouts that
started their own watch company movement
em VMT
the company has grown like crazy they've
now sold almost two million watches in a
hundred and sixty countries i still
alternate my two
MV MT watches they start at just 95
bucks and movement continues to
revolutionize fashion on the belief that
style should not break the bank i don't
know if you've checked the site out
lately but they've doubled the number of
watch styles they continue to expand and
they've also introduced sunglasses and
fashion forward bracelets for her i had
a chance to do some very extensive
testing on the sunglasses during my road
trip in california a few months ago i
sat on them twice while driving a rental
car didn't break i still wear them my
favorite new style is the revolver
collection which you can check out at
MVM t.com slash Packman which will also
get you 15% off free shipping and free
returns cy movement keeps growing check
out their expanding collection go to MVM
t.com slash pakman join the movement
support our advertisers which also
supports us let's talk about what's
going on with Brett Kavanaugh the Senate
Judiciary Committee held hearings about
Donald Trump's Supreme Court nominee
Brett Kavanaugh last week they're
scheduled to vote on
number xx and what has transpired in
these hearings is nothing short of
absolutely stunning now I could spend a
bunch of time talking about this amazing
exchange that took place between Senator
camel Harris and Kavanagh during which
Cavanaugh sort of played dumb and played
semantic games around whether or not he
had spoken to people in the justice
system about the robert muller trump
russia investigation but that was dealt
with last week by our guest hosts
adequately so i'm gonna move on from
that what i want to talk to you about
today is about straight-up perjury right
lying under oath during confirmation
hearings remember that Brett Kavanaugh
has had confirmation hearings before he
has had confirmation hearings in at
least in 2004 and 2006 for lower Court
judgeships and like last week he was
similarly under oath during these prior
confirmation hearings and we now have a
treasure trove of documents that have
been released relating to Brett
Kavanaugh and there is just too much
that directly contradicts things he said
during these prior confirmation hearings
over the years to say that they were
anything other than lies now of course a
lie is not necessarily perjury perjury
is very difficult to prosecute and prove
but we'll talk about that a little bit I
also want to make clear this the the
details not the specifics but the
details of each of the lies aren't so
important I'm going to give you the
overview of each of the lies because
really what I want to talk about is the
bigger picture so here's one example a
Republican aide to the Senate Judiciary
Committee named Manuel Miranda stole
thousands of documents belonging to the
DNC back in 2002 Cavanaugh denied having
received any of the stolen documents in
confirmation hearings in both 2004 and
2006 some of the documents that were
released show that Cavanaugh did indeed
receive documents from Manuel Miranda
light that's lie number one okay line
number two in 2006 Cavanaugh said that
he knew nothing about the war
less wiretapping under george w bush
carried out by the NSA emails provided
to the new york times in the last week
show that Cavanaugh was involved in at
minimum the initial discussions around
that NSA warrantless wiretapping program
and he specifically was asked by Justice
Department attorney John you remember
him we've talked about him before about
the Fourth Amendment implications of
this program that is line number two
line number three from Brett Kavanaugh
told under oath back in 2006 during that
confirmation hearing he said he wasn't
involved in any legal questions
surrounding the detention of enemy
