[Music]
the david pakman show at david
pakman.com so one of the moves that we
knew the trump administration would be
trying to make pretty quickly after
trump's inauguration was to move the
embassy of the united states in israel
from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem and I've
explained why this is an absolutely
terrible idea and the gist of it is that
within Israel there are of course many
people that consider Jerusalem to be the
capital of the country but
internationally Jerusalem is a disputed
territory it's sort of like if
internationally Washington DC was the
capital of the United States but imagine
that internally we sort of thought that
New York was our capital but we were in
a land dispute with Canada / New York
right sort of an analogous situation an
imaginary analogy currently West
Jerusalem is considered part of Israel
East Jerusalem is considered part of the
Palestinian territories with the old
city within that under Israeli control
but with a particular part of the old
city with jurisdiction given back to the
Palestinian Authority very complicated
situation but the long and short of it
is that the future of Jerusalem is by
all reasonable accounts part of what
would be negotiated in a peace agreement
hypothetically if we ever got to that
point again and of course with Jared
Kushner leading that crusade doesn't
seem like we're gonna get there anytime
soon so internationally Tel Aviv is the
capital of Israel that's where the
United States has had its embassy Donald
Trump's choice for ambassador to Israel
we learned pretty early on was going to
be and eventually it became David
Friedman and as soon as we knew that
David Friedman was going to be the guy
to be the US ambassador to Israel we
knew that a top priority would be to
move the embassy to Jerusalem Friedman
is the epitome of a right-wing extremist
on the issue of Israel he is of the
mindset that more settlements are good
which is in the spectrum of views on
settlements to really understand how
wacky that position is you've got to
understand what the sort of range of
positions is and the range tends to be
something like demolish all settlements
and get out completely give that land
back to Palestinians stop building new
ones but presume that existing
settlements may be allowed to stay if
there are meaningful land swaps in
exchange as part of a peace agreement
get the the current settlements to stay
but only if there's some kind of
integration with Palestinians right
there's all these sort of different
views the extremist view is not only are
the settlements not a problem but we
should be building even more settlements
and that's the view of Donald Trump's
ambassador to Israel David Freedman so
completely retrograde on that issue and
Trump has been touting that moving the
embassy to Jerusalem will actually be a
good thing with respect to possible
peace talks between Israelis and
Palestinians because it'll take
Jerusalem off the table right Trump's
idea is listen right now the issue of
Jerusalem is a negotiating issue if we
just move the embassy to Jerusalem and
more importantly recognize Jerusalem as
the capital of Israel we're taking it
off the table for future negotiations
and of course I cannot imagine a more
short-sighted and childish view of the
situation the unilateral decision to
move the embassy without it being part
of an agreement is only going to inflame
the situation and make it more difficult
to even get people to the table to do
the negotiation and of course violence
is escalating completely predictably at
least 25 already dead in the Gaza Strip
in the midst of growing protests against
this move of the embassy Hamas of course
benefiting greatly vowing even more
protest tomorrow mas as I've told you
always acting with no regard whatsoever
for the safety of the Palestinian people
and this will in turn be used to justify
even more pushback by Israeli forces and
the cycle continues this
endless cycle and at the end of the day
we see who it is that influences Donald
Trump its Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu a vile right-winger connected
to the most extreme elements of the
Israeli political spectrum he has gotten
just major concessions from Trump over
the last several weeks
Trump has announced that he's going to
pull the United States out of the Iran
deal which Netanyahu of course loves
hearing from Donald Trump it's a totally
backwards move geopolitically Trump now
following through on moving the embassy
to Jerusalem initially a sort of
provisional embassy with a bigger
build-out coming in the future that's
another move that strengthens Benjamin
Netanyahu's hardliner stands and at this
point I'm genuinely unsure about whether
Netanyahu has even offered Donald Trump
anything in response for all of this
right in other words did Netanyahu
simply manipulate Trump into doing what
he wants Trump to do without having to
offer anything or is there some quid pro
quo here right either real or promised
or hypothetical going on in the
background it's possible that there is a
quid pro quo it's also very possible
that Donald Trump has merely done this
because he's convinced that it's the
correct or cool thing to do and Benjamin
Netanyahu has bamboozled him into doing
it and when we talk about the future of
Benjamin Netanyahu in Israel a guy who
is the subject of multiple criminal
investigations a guy whose wife is also
being looked into for criminal activity
it's the type of guy Trump loves right
Benjamin Netanyahu is in the direction
although not clearly as far as people
like Rodrigo Duterte
and president air Dewan of Turkey and
Kim jong-un of North Korea these are the
types that Trump likes and that's why
it's not even remotely surprising that
Netanyahu seems to have Owen Putin who
can forget Putin Netanyahu seems to have
Donald Trump effectively wrapped around
his finger disastrous decision made here
and I'm sure we'll continue to talk
about the horrible consequences over the
coming weeks and months let's reset
what's going on with Crump attorney
Michael Cohen we learned last week
because of initially tweets from stormy
Daniels attorney Michael avenatti
learned that Michael Cohen through a
shell company called essential
consultants was the recipient of more
than a million dollars that we know of
specifically and allegedly of more than
four million dollars of basically
influence money $600,000 from AT&T 1.2
million dollars from big from Switzer
pharmaceutical company Novartis
reportedly $500,000 from a Putin
connected Russian business owner
billionaire and allegedly many many
other transfers of money and supposedly
the reason that these companies were
paying Michael Cohen's a consulting firm
was for insights into the Trump
administration and of course the timing
was very suspect the timing of the AT&T
money 600,000 not 200,000 as originally
reported coincided with not only the
repeal of net neutrality by the Trump
FCC but also with the fact that AT&T was
trying to merge with Time Warner The
Washington Post has now obtained
internal AT&T documents meaning this is
what AT&T wrote internally about the
real reasons why they were paying money
to Michael Cohen and the internal
documents from AT&T indicate that hiring
Michael Cohen was done to help with the
Time Warner merger AT&T hired the
personal attorney of the President of
the United States to provide advice
about a merger which Trump's own
Department of Justice would be
adjudicating so this is a story about
corruption fundamentally it should not
be a partisan story because corruption
cuts both ways much like freedom of the
press and it can be very tempting to
look the other way
when the lack of press freedom or of
corrosive corruption is helping your
side but that's how we end up screwing
ourselves in the long run and this is
quickly growing to the level of I mean I
don't know to pick an example the
corruption during the presidency of
ulysses s grant which was considered
huge right it included Black Friday
it included a major railroad scam it
included the whiskey ring pond-scum
corruption and cronyism what we are
seeing now under the Trump
administration in terms of
RUP ssin and cronyism is rising above
and beyond even what we saw under
president ulysses s grant and this is
circumstantial evidence of bribery right
the AT&T hiring of michael cohen
Novartis the other companies were
learning about and it's not about
bribery the crime yet but it is deduced
evidence of intent to bribe and receive
bribes and it has to be looked into and
Americans should be united on this
they're not and that is really one of
the scariest things that we're seeing
about the looking the other way on Trump
Russia looking the other way on the
cronyism looking the other way on the
broader bamboozling that has taken place
because this has every indication of
being pay-to-play
which by the way Trump said was a reason
not to vote for Hillary selling access
directly or indirectly explicitly or
implicitly to the President of the
United States and we only have the
information so far about some of the
more than four million dollars that
supposedly ran through this one company
of Cohen's
essential consultants I would be willing
to bet that there is much more and I
hope that we learn about it soon and and
it's important I mentioned legally right
some will say okay AT&T paid Cohen to
help get the merger approved Trump hates
CNN owned by Time Warner Trump opposed
the deal anyway
is it still illegal is it still bribery
even if it wasn't successful bribery and
the answer from legal experts is yes the
offer of a quid pro quo is what makes it
bribery taking money to help get a
merger through getting screwed because
Trump's Justice Department ended up
opposing it doesn't excuse the bribery
we could call it stupid bribery we could
call it failed bribery but it is still
bribery and of course whether there's
going to be any legal repercussions
remains to be seen I am really
disappointed that we're not seeing both
sides put their foot down and say this
is not democracy right and because
corruption is everywhere in our politics
it's unclear as to whether or not
Michael Cohen even committed a crime
here but if he did commit a crime you
have to imagine that Robert Miller
use that to his advantage because he
already has Michael Cohen at the palm of
his hand right if you would think with
the Russia stuff and the stormy Daniel
stuff he could use this as leverage to
maybe that would cause Michael Cohen to
flip on Trump that's increasingly the
discussion I mean we've known that Cohen
has been a likely in Die T of robert
muller for a while and at this point the
questions are number one is this
something molar is concerned with we
believe the answer is yes because we
know Cohen's spoke to both AT&T and
Novartis months ago so clearly Cohen
knows about this question too is there a
point at which Michael Cohen's supposed
the love of Donald Trump just thinking
he's just the best guy out there is
there a point at which it was even going
it would become too much pressure even
on Cohen and Cohen does flip I don't
know the answer to that but it is
something that we may soon learn send me
your thoughts I'm on Twitter at D Pakman
the show is on twitter at david pakman
show and boy do we have a good program
for you today the david pakman show at
david pakman.com
[Music]
[Music]
the david pakman show at david
pakman.com want to say thanks to a
couple of great people charles bad is
today's new member of the day membership
is our primary source of funding you can
learn more at join pakman.com also want
to thank Steven McLoughlin who's been a
member since 2012 long term member of
the day thanks to Charles thanks to
Steven thanks to everybody who supports
our work get all the member benefits by
joining a join pakman.com you can also
make a pledge on patreon at patreon.com
slash david pakman show and very quickly
Tom Baker is has donated half of 15
memberships so normal yearly membership
is 60 bucks Tom got in touch over the
weekend said David I want to pay for
half of 15 memberships he has already
done that meaning that there are fifteen
half-price memberships available to you
okay Tom's already paid for half if you
want to pay thirty bucks you get a year
membership at half price
you can keep that half-price membership
as long as you want just get in touch
with me through our website contact form
go to david pakman.com click on contact
get in touch with me say I want one of
Tom Baker's memberships 15 of these are
available and I will send out coupon
codes in order of received emails ok
during the 2016 presidential campaign
Donald Trump campaigned on
pharmaceutical drug prices being too
high and that one of his priorities was
gonna be to negotiate lower prices he
was going to be tough it was gonna be
great for consumers great for patients
great for everybody except the drug
companies and of course that quickly
changed when right after winning the
election Trump met with a bunch of big
pharma
executives and lobbyists and he came out
of that meeting and all of a sudden he
wasn't concerned about drug prices
anymore and now he's gone completely in
the other direction saying that in other
countries governments have negotiated
drug prices that are simply too low and
he's calling it the extortion of big
pharma Trump said that quote it's time
to end the
freeloading once and for all and that
the price controls that other countries
have negotiated with Big Pharma are
quote extortion of quote unreasonably
low prices from drug makers what's the
point of all this why is Trump even
talking about this the reason is Trump
is arguing that if other countries
didn't extort low prices from Big Pharma
the US would have cheaper prices because
we wouldn't be subsidizing the low
prices of other countries and this is
one of the most simplistic and naive
views of drug pricing that I've maybe
ever heard from a president Trump's
basically saying if you allow drug
makers to charge more in other countries
they'd say hey you know what we're
making more in other countries let's
lower prices here in the US since after
all we don't need to make all that money
after all what are we for-profit
companies oh yeah we are and this is
ridiculous at its face and experts agree
it's ridiculous as a professor of a
health policy Paul Ginsburg who says the
obvious which is Big Pharma sets prices
to maximize profits right they will
charge the most they can profitably
charge in Europe and then they will
charge the most that they can profitably
charge in the United States if they can
charge more in Europe or Asia or South
America they will and they'll make more
money and they're not going to then
charge less in the United States because
they're making more money in Europe or
Asia or South America and in fact the
market recognized this because when
Trump said this thing which effectively
means let's get prices up in other
countries the market thought this was
great and pharmaceutical company stock
prices jumped right if this was really
zero some if as prices went up in Europe
they were to come down in the United
States if that was expected you wouldn't
see the markets so excited over Donald
Trump talking about pushing up big
pharmaceutical prices in other countries
the reason the stocks went up is that
this will be a net gain they'll charge a
lot in the United States and they'll
charge more in other countries and truly
think about how dumb this argument is
right Trump saying that the low prices
in other countries are extortion
pharmaceutical companies aren't forced
to do business in other countries if the
prices in France for example
were too low then any pharmaceutical
company could say we're not going to do
business in France anymore because we're
losing money if they're making enough
money in those other countries to
continue doing business there clearly
it's to their advantage to continue
doing business and this also by the way
I was thinking of the horrible timing of
this we just found out that 1.2 million
dollars flowed from Novartis to Trump's
lawyer Michael Cohen for insights into
the Trump administration not exactly the
best time for Trump to be talking about
bringing drug prices up right when it
when we find out that actually his
personal attorney was receiving all
sorts of money from Novartis for health
care policy work as we learned last week
and when Trump said he was going to
negotiate lower drug prices for
Americans I guess what he meant was
force prices up in other parts of the
world so that Americans won't think
they're getting screwed anymore because
the prices will be really high
everywhere I I genuinely don't know but
that appears to be his idea this guy
said that wages are too high in America
and steel still he got elected you know
this isn't really a surprise now not not
a surprise at all and shocking the con
man isn't really going to lower drug
prices here in the United States we've
talked about the Trump presidency as the
sword of Fox News presidency Trump
watches Fox News in the morning Fox and
Friends his first tweets of the day are
often based on what was covered on Fox
and Friends that morning we also know
that Trump shares an advisor with Sean
Hannity in attorney Michael Cohen
whether or not Cohen was ever officially
representing Sean Hannity in a legal
capacity we don't really know but we
know that Cohen and Hannity are in touch
and that Hannity has obtained advice
from Cohen so a lot of connections
between Trump and Fox News and there's
now a new report from New York Magazine
which points out that on many nights of
the week Trump and Hannity are having
oddly enough bed time phone calls Trump
is effectively being put to bed by Fox
News propagandist Sean Hannity and
Hannity is reportedly on a list of
cleared friends and family at the White
House switchboard he gets right through
to Donald Trump when he calls and
Trump's routine is increasingly becoming
clear on a day to day
in the morning Trump will watch Fox News
and tweet on the basis of what it is he
sees on TV he watches Fox and Friends in
the evenings he talks to Sean Hannity
and I was thinking as I read this very
interesting article in New York magazine
could the contrast be starter to
President Obama who would read as much
as possible he would read fiction and
nonfiction on his own and he would read
just copious political documents in the
mornings and throughout the day and that
there could be no more antithetical
behavior to that of Barack Obama when it
comes to reading than what we're seeing
from Trump and what New York magazine
also points out is that the morning Fox
and Friends routine is not just Trump's
doing clearly Trump likes watching Fox
and Friends but apparently when Sean
