[Music]
the david pakman show at david
pakman.com I want to start the show a
little bit differently today instead of
talking about the day's news which we'll
get to and we've got a very interesting
interview coming up for you today I want
to talk about a topic that's getting
more and more attention and that's the
topic of universal basic income or some
version of it we've talked about a
negative income tax the point is an idea
of a non means-tested source of money
for people regardless of employment with
the potential to lift a significant
number of people out of poverty and if
you've been watching the show for any
length of time you know that I'm in
favor of something like this and
sometimes we've answered audience
questions about what I prefer a
universal basic income or a negative
income tax do I have a preference do I
think that all social welfare benefits
should be eliminated along with their
respective bureaucracies and sort of
consolidated into one non means taxed
tested universal basic income or do we
want to try to target based on income
levels a big picture I believe that
something like it is is simply going to
be a necessity right as we rethink
society in the next 10 to 20 years
really are sort of forced to reset the
briefing society due to automation and
technological unemployment and the
continued destruction of jobs
elimination of jobs as a result of
technological advances and changes to
our sort of socioeconomic status quo but
in the past
I've not just been completely effusive
and a cheerleader of ubi with no caveats
right I've expressed some concerns in
the past about how ubi would actually be
implemented and what the effect would be
or should be or could be and there's a
very interesting article in TruthDig
that i read yes
today which reminded me that this is an
issue I've been wanting to tackle for a
while and why not today and I don't want
to be cynical right and I and I haven't
wanted to be cynical when talking about
ubi in the past but I've said that when
you see a bunch of ultra rich CEOs and
founders of some of the biggest
corporations especially in tech and
e-commerce companies like Microsoft
Amazon Facebook when you see companies
like that and their CEOs and founders
emphatically and enthusiastically for
universal basic basic income
we should be cautiously optimistic right
hoping that they're in favor of it for
the right reasons but we also want to
kind of verify why are they so thrilled
with the idea of universal basic income
in case in point
Mark Zuckerberg and Elon Musk and
Richard Branson Bill Gates some less
well-known sort of oligarch rich guys
like Stewart Butterfield they've all
expressed that they like the idea of
universal basic income so okay that's
great but we need to really put a
critical eye on why they are so in favor
of it and also how Universal basic
income could be sort of appropriated for
the good of what our kind of modern-day
oligarchs right the ultra-rich founders
of these major corporations and if you
think about one way to think about this
would be to say all right well if we put
in universal basic income what wouldn't
change like what would stay the same if
we put in ubi
and that can start to sort of give us an
idea about why it might be appealing to
some of the biggest corporations on the
planet if you put in ubi business and
market regulation doesn't change it
remains the same living wage
requirements for people who are working
don't change simply because you put in
universal basic income labor conditions
for people working in not great
conditions right whether it's sweatshops
or whatever the case may be labor
conditions aren't automatically upgraded
because everybody gets eight grand a
year or eleven grand a year or whatever
the proposal might say
in universal basic income college is no
more affordable just because you give
people universal basic income other than
sort of by the obvious nature of them
having a little bit more money but the
problem of the explosive cost of a
college education
that doesn't change merely because you
have universal basic income it's simply
not part of it and in fact there are
many companies that say they want
universal basic income that are the same
companies that are creating a need for
it
outsourcing automation pillaging of
natural resources gigantic carbon
footprints some of these companies
eliminate the need for a lot of these
jobs so they would want people receiving
universal basic income because that's
going to give them that customers that
they would otherwise lose if you start
putting people out of work in the United
States because you outsource production
to China for example some of those
people in the US are no longer going to
be able to afford your product or
service anymore
have the government give them a basic
income and now all of a sudden they get
back into the possible pool of your
customers it's perfect and one of the
big tenants or maybe better said one of
the characteristics of neoliberalism is
free market and corporate power setting
up universal basic income could very
easily be used to number one just create
more customers for the corporations
responsible for eliminating a lot of
these jobs and number two universal
basic income could be used to push back
against regulation and minimum wage laws
and other Pro worker laws right why do
we need to raise the minimum wage we
just put in place universal basic income
let's keep the minimum wage really low
which benefits these really large
corporations except that by keeping the
minimum wage low the corporation's keep
making their executives richer off of
profits at the expense of paying workers
a living wage and they can hide behind
the creation of ubi and in fact we
already see this right companies like
McDonald's
Walmart we've talked about these
companies already in part get away with
paying the terrible wages and benefits
that they pay because lots of their
employees get food stamps and other
social welfare benefits from the
government Social Welfare subsidizes the
terrible wages that some of these very
profitable companies pay in the United
States and UB I could make that way
worse the so called gig economy right
driving for uber and lyft as an example
major problems they're taking advantage
of contractors rather than making the
drivers employees we need to be looking
at a lot of elements of what's going on
there
throw in a basic income give everybody
nine thousand eleven thousand thirteen
thousand dollars a year well why are we
gonna now get involved in making lyft
and uber change their model yeah
working for them doesn't pay that much
but we passed ubi don't go after them
now everybody's got their eight thousand
bucks as a base this isn't an argument
against universal basic income to be
clear this is a word of caution
now that ubi is getting more and more
attention it's a word of caution that we
need to think critically about this and
really think about how it would work in
practice now is there a particular
answer or solution that I'm bringing up
no actually I don't know right what I
can tell you is that universal basic
income needs to work in concert with
other really significant structural
changes to our society that quite
frankly I'm pretty skeptical we're gonna
be making anytime soon and I remain
completely convinced about the need for
something like a universal basic income
or a negative income tax or some other
proposal some of some others of which
I've been reviewing and will talk to you
about but I'm just as as as convinced
that just dropping nine thousand dollars
in everybody's pocket every year or
eleven thousand dollars isn't going to
fix a lot of the structural problems
that we have in our socio-economic
reality and at its core when you give
everybody nine thousand dollars you do
nothing to deal with the problem of in
and wealth inequality which has economic
consequences it has social consequences
it has psychological consequences that
we've talked about about just these
drastic and growing disparities between
rich and poor so what I would like to
hear from you is specifically what else
needs to happen in concert with a
universal basic income to actually make
this something that would be a net
benefit in total aside from just again
dropping nine thousand dollars in
people's laps which i think is a good
thing i think that ubi and these concert
concepts are something that is they're
not only good ideas they're gonna be
necessary ideas in the next ten to
twenty years in the United States but
they're not going to do anything about
so many of the other problems that we
have and what we need to be a hundred
person I needs to be crystal clear as we
advocate for ubi that it cannot be used
by the rich and by big corporations and
by oligarchs to say we don't need to
regulate we don't need living wage we
don't need to do anything else because
we did drop nine thousand bucks into
everybody's pocket that's my concern at
this point I do wonder whether or not
the universal basic income would be
entirely good for the rich in
corporations though because the ubi
would be redistributed right I mean
those that money would have to come from
somewhere it would likely come from the
rich so maybe they would see their taxes
increase so when people like Mark
Zuckerberg or Elon Musk come out and say
we're in favor of universal basic income
maybe they are just acting in the best
interest of the country and want to pay
it forward yeah I mean most of the
proposals wouldn't require an increase
in taxes because you would just
reshuffle other programs that are out
there and you might even actually save
money because you would eliminate the
bureaucracies required for a lot of
those programs so welfare state so in
that case it actually it wouldn't
necessarily have that effect but we'll
follow it I'm interested in hearing from
the audience what your thoughts are I'm
on Twitter at D Pakman and the show is
on Twitter at David Pakman show the
David Pakman show
at david pakman.com
[Music]
[Music]
the david pakman show at david
pakman.com today's new member of the day
is ronald pearson ronald thank you
we do depend on the support of members
like ronald and we also depend on the
support of not only new members but our
longtime sustaining members and today's
sustaining member of the day is cam
McNeely cam has been with us for years
and years and I remember when cam first
signed up in fact and he's been with us
ever since it feels like just yesterday
cam even though it has been at this
point close to 7 years going on seven
years join ronald and cam by becoming
members at david pakman.com slash
membership we have a coupon code vote
soon 18 which will save you 40% we're
also trying to get 500 new financial
supporters in order to expand the show
increase the number of shows and the
duration of every show you can do that
by becoming a member you can also do it
by being a patron at patreon.com slash
david pakman show or by becoming a
sponsor of our youtube channel at
youtube.com slash the david pakman show
this is something really funny last
night I was browsing the David Pakman
show subreddit and there was a thread
that someone made pointing out that
there should be sort of a David Pakman
show
bingo of sorts showing that there are a
few different catchphrases a sort of
drinking game or bingo of the game any
time david says says the phrase or words
gong show abortive or depraved listeners
have to take a shot and this gave me the
idea that we should actually develop
like a david pakman show bingo board I
don't know what we would do with it we
could turn it into like a thousand-piece
puzzle we could send it out as a sort of
poster print I don't know what exactly
we would do with it and the the reddit
participant is including some good ones
I think also on it would have to be if I
accidentally punch my mic that would
have to be like the center square which
sometimes happens when I get very very
impassioned
about a story I think I say vile quite a
bit depraved is a good one
shows a good one and so is abortive
asking a live caller if they're on
speakerphone should definitely be a box
on the bingo board joking about how
infrequently I mentioned membership I
think might be something that could be
on there quite frankly is another phrase
that I tend to use a lot any number of
is of course a long time classic that
goes back a long ways but I don't know
what else should be on it right and I'm
curious to hear from the audience and I
don't even know like is a bingo board
looks like there are they five by five
is what it looks like from this picture
so we need 25 total phrases or words I
think we can get to 20 yeah I've got a
few too it's a whole thing and then you
also like to impersonate Trump a lot
yeah so many many could be a square
Bigley or big league yeah although I
don't know that it shouldn't when if I'm
satirically using someone else's
catchphrase I think that's a little
dishonest for a bingo board because they
should really be my phrases now that
ones that I've sort of jokingly
appropriated from someone else if we do
this you have to like tune that out
though you can't think about the bingo
board because otherwise there'll be some
like inherent bias there yeah I know
I'll be very losing words they're
choosing not to say some words right but
presumably the bingo boards are
randomized so that not everyone has the
same board and that way cuz otherwise
everybody wins at the same time right as
long as they're there paying attention
so write in tell me what other words and
phrases should should be there any
number I know that there are lots of
others maybe one would be when a hatred
uses your instead of your like you
apostrophe re versus why oh you are like
that would be part of the bingo a bingo
item I'm open okay so get in touch
comment on the YouTube video for this
story comment on that reddit thread at
david pakman.com slash re d di t email
me tweet me whatever i'm gonna start
putting together a list and once we get
25 good ones we'll figure out something
to do with the bingo board i think it's
gonna be a stunningly good idea maybe
you get a free bingo board with a new
membership in the future or something
like that okay big breaking news story
according to the Kremlin Donald Trump
has invited Vladimir Putin to the White
House and you might say well who cares
we should want better relationships with
Russia
we should want to be Russia's friend
this is great yay
and then we get back to reality and we
learned that this reportedly happened
during that same phone call a couple of
weeks ago where after being told do not
congratulate Vladimir Putin on his sham
election win Donald Trump did exactly
that congratulated Vladimir Putin on his
win mentioned nothing about election
meddling mentioned nothing about the
continued suspicious deaths of Russian
dissidents around the world and the
claim about this invitation to maybe
come to the White House for Vladimir
Putin came from a Kremlin aide named
Yuri ochakov who said that Russian who
said to Russian journalists that quote
if everything will be alright
I hope that the Americans will not back
away from their own proposal to discuss
the possibility of holding a summit when
our president spoke on the phone it was
trump who proposed holding the first
meeting in Washington in the White House
Putin hasn't been to the White House
since 2005
when george w bush was president when
the US and russia i guess sort of had a
better relationship you could say so why
do we care well we care because this is
vladimir putin's manipulation of donald
trump bearing fruit right it's another
example of putin getting what he wants
which is be being seen as a sort of
serious world leader that gets invited
and the red carpet is rolled out for
them and they get to go into the most
special of places although certainly the
white the Oval Office has become less
special since Donald Trump has
appropriated it what better situation
for Putin than a long in-person meeting
with Trump on Trump's own turf were
Putin who is very skilled will use his
skills to manipulate Trump and even even
when you look at how we found out about
this right even the release of this news
by Russia is part of the ploy to
embarrass Trump and just create chaos
because now it's win-win for Vladimir
Putin if Trump admits yeah I I did say
that he could come to the White House
well why wasn't it mentioned
and why would Trump do it and why would
he reward Russia with inviting Vladimir
Putin to the White House and then if
Trump denies it it immediately calls
into question whether Trump is lying
something that he does a lot and if so
it would make us wonder why is this
something that Trump would lie about
which only increases more of the
suspicion about what's going on with
Russia the fact that we're first hearing
about this from Russia is sort of part
of the chaos that Russia is so expertly
catalyzing and we once again we've got
to apply Trump's razor to this as I
mentioned yesterday no matter what you
believe the limits of geopolitical
stupidity to be the current
administration the Trump administration
will act in the most ignorant and stupid
way possible to the point that you will
be shocked and in fact the most likely
scenario is that we get initially a
denial from the Trump administration
followed by a White House visit by
Vladimir Putin and then there will never
actually be a follow-up question about
wait I thought you'd deny that you had
invited him to him here the way it
always goes is is some version of that
right we hear from the Washington Post
or the New York Times something that
sounds totally nuts then you know Trump
uses his bathtub as a toilet or
something that sounds absolutely nutty
White House immediately condemns says
the president would never use his
bathtub as a toilet it's the fake news
media including that failing fake news
Amazon Jeff Bezos Washington Post
they're smearing the president then like
two days later Trump goes to Twitter and
says hey yeah alright I use my bathtub
as a toilet and Hillary was using her
bathtub as a toilet before I did and the
FBI refuses to look into when Hillary
Clinton is using her bathtub as a toilet
no one cares about that and I've been
treated very very unfairly and then the
sort of cherry on top is three days go
by and then Trump says why I never said
I used my bathtub as a toilet I was
misquoted by the loser New York Times I
never said it and then a hundred grand
goes to another pornstar in hush money
and we all forget about it because we're
