so Donald Trump's ambassador to the
United Nations nikki Haley is resigning
at the end of the year this was
announced yesterday trump and nikki
Haley actually did a press event at the
White House and it was all presented as
everybody's on good terms this is all
very happy
Nikki's great everybody's great but the
truth is that nikki Haley has actually
been pretty critical of Donald Trump
during her tenure as ambassador to the
UN at least compared to some of the
other totally unconscious brown nosers
of Donald Trump and according to what
Trump said yesterday he had known for
six months that nikki Haley wanted a
break after this year and everybody is
just super happy about this is what we
were led to believe but we know that
Haley was sometimes at odds with Trump's
third of three national security
advisers john bolton and this is number
one a decision a change that is likely
going to lead to even more
radicalization and it's not that nikki
Haley was Pro UN in any broad sense of
the term by no means but she is likely
more friendly to the United Nations than
whoever Donald Trump is going to end up
naming as her replacement and yesterday
I did the story about the radicalization
of American institutions and what we're
seeing is that American diplomacy
continues to radicalize when you add as
Trump certainly will a more hostile to
the United Nations ambassador you were
furthering this move to the right this
radicalization of American diplomacy now
as far as what the real the so-called
real plan is here there's a bunch of
different speculation I'll tell you some
of the top hypotheses number one there's
the suggestion that there's gonna be a
really big shake-up in the Trump
administration for 2020 and that nikki
Haley will ultimately run as Trump's
vice president for 2024 the reelection
campaign as his running mate and that
Mike Pence will end up going to the
cabinet right this is this is not what I
think is going to happen necessarily but
this is one idea another idea is that
nikki Haley is being
to run for the Senate in 2020 in South
Carolina and there's actually some
specific details about that I got one
email saying Trump is going to push
chief of staff John Kelly out after the
midterms meaning in December January and
install nikki Haley as chief of staff
which doesn't ring particularly true to
me given that again nikki Haley has been
somewhat critical of some things that
Donald Trump is said and done another
idea would be that the reason for nikki
Haley leaving her UN ambassadorship is
so that Lindsey Graham who's a senator
from South Carolina can be rewarded for
that totally unhinged Brett Kavanaugh
rant at the hearings two weeks ago and
as you an ambassador you then put nikki
Haley in as Senator filling in for
Lindsey Graham for the remainder of his
term and then she runs in 2020 in 2020
Lindsey Graham seat is up for
re-election and you would get her the
power of incumbency by having her in
there for a couple of years and then she
can actually run for that seat properly
as the actual candidate in 2020 but for
me the most interesting possibility has
nothing to do with Trump's plan for
nikki Haley it just so happens Pat I
don't know if you'll be surprised by
this I know many in our audience won't
be that Nikki Haley's resignation
announcement remember she's not actually
leaving till the end of the year came
the day after an ethics watchdog group
requested an investigation into her
flights on private jets the watchdog
group is claiming that she improperly
disclosed I think it's six or seven
flights on private jets on her 2017
financial disclosure a lot of problems
with private jet and first-class jet
travel for Trump people and this is
interesting timing to say the least this
is completely in line with what Tom
Price did and well Steve minuchin did
but it could all just be coincidence I
mean this will be two full years for
nikki Haley as the UN Ambassador yeah
it's not like at the beginning of the
Trump administration when people would
leave after a month or two and we were
wondering why are they leaving so early
I think there are fewer questions with
this one
there are
you were questions but they're still
question and we know that a really good
way to get federal ethics probes to go
away is to resign and now she's not
actually leaving until the end of the
year and how that would play into a
possible ethics investigation is less
clear but Citizens for responsibility
and ethics in Washington has filed a
complaint they want a full investigation
into this they want the Inspector
General to explore these seven flights
on private jets paid for by three South
Carolina businessmen did she resign
yesterday or announced her resignation
yesterday because of this I don't know
what I do know is that it's too easy to
get out of these ethics investigations
by resigning that that's in no other
world are you free to go like if you get
into your car before the police catch
you and say we want to talk to you about
something you say I made it into my car
the police don't say oh you know you did
you're in your car we're not going to
talk to you we're not going to explore
what it is we think you did wrong that's
basically the way it works with federal
officials and these ethics
investigations so anyway which is the
most likely explanation I don't know but
nikki Haley is going bye-bye and there
are important policy implications which
is which relate to the question of how
Trump is going to have a replacement
influence the relationship of the United
States with the UN which to use Trump's
word is an increasingly beleaguered
relationship and this really matters and
lastly let me throw in could Donald
Trump be thinking of replacing nikki
Haley with his own daughter not Tiffany
he seems to camp seems he can't stand
Tiffany at all Ivanka Trump could Ivanka
Trump be Trump's idea of the next
ambassador to the United Nations
he couldn't they wouldn't let him right
well let's talk about that next we have
to talk about something today that is
going to make some of the people in our
audience extremely uncomfortable because
it turns out that Donald Trump
disproportionately appealed to
cognitively challenged voters to vote
is likely to perform poorly on
intellectual ability tests now I want to
issue a disclaimer here because I know I
know what's going to happen Pat we know
what the response will be if you were a
so-called race realist who wants to just
go where the evidence takes us if you're
in the facts don't care about your
feelings crowd if you're against
claiming to be offended to shut down
debate because being offended isn't an
argument I'm glad you're here because
you then must allow the facts to lead
you where they may and they lead down
the path of Trump voter voters being as
a whole less intellectually capable than
Hillary Clinton supporters on a totally
standard test known as a solid indicator
of intellectual ability this doesn't
mean every Trump supporter is dumb this
doesn't mean that some smart people
don't support Donald Trump it just means
that in total in the aggregate Donald
Trump was disproportionately supported
by voters with lesser intellectual
ability and more cognitive challenges
than Hillary Clinton the research team
was led by yo of gonza of tel-aviv
University now if you're a race realist
you should really believe these results
because Jews supposedly are the smart
ones according to the race realists and
we've got a guy from tel aviv university
named you have gonzaque who's going to
give us the results this is the most
credible source of information is how
can you argue against that for the race
real absolutely the study analyzed data
from the American national election
studies report and it points out that
quote intellectual factors played an
important role in the 2016 election
these results suggest that the 2016
presidential election u.s. presidential
election had less to do with party
affiliation income or education and more
to do with basic cognitive ability the
subjects of the study were given a basic
verbal abilities test which is widely
accepted as a pretty good indicator of
overall cognitive ability and the Trump
supporters were under-equipped relative
to Hillary Clinton voters higher verbal
ability education cognitive ability we
associated with supporting Obama over
Romney in 2012 and with Hillary over
Trump in 2016 this is interesting on a
few levels first of all we were told
Trump won because of economic anxiety
the data now show that that was mostly
an empty explanation it wasn't a good
explanation however we do see evidence
that fear of losing social status as
well as racist and sexist beliefs were
positively correlated with support for
Donald Trump we also know that racism
and sexism are affiliated with lack of
intellectual capacity overall that's an
interesting data point we also have
another study unrelated to this one that
points similarly which says the
Democrats who chose to cross party lines
and vote for Trump were
disproportionately the ones who engaged
in lower levels of critical thinking
hello another data point that suggests
that tel-aviv University study that the
Tel Aviv University study is on to
something so I'm ready for the hate mail
David you guys are never gonna win by
insulting Trump voters I'm telling you
this because it's apparently the reality
based on the facts we have the reality
doesn't care about how you feel about
these results what does it tell us about
winning elections though that's really
the question because we know that
playing off of people's basic
fear-driven instincts works really well
we've known that for a while people are
not going to make informed analyses they
are overwhelmingly going to react
instinctively that's not new there's
something called the dunning-kruger
effect I interviewed David Dunning about
it some years ago the dunning-kruger
effect references people who lack the
cognitive ability to understand why they
misunderstand something so the question
is what do we do we know that things are
never as simple as simpletons make them
seem we know that real life is complex
it's mostly great gray area but is that
just a loser's path look at John Kerry
versus George Bush for example I've put
aside the potential irregularities in
Ohio during that election do we play the
game to win I don't know the answer I
really don't know the answer here and I
want to hear from you
out it because I don't know what we had
a call about this last week something
along the lines of should Democrats use
the tactics of the right to win in order
the debt to then actually do a
progressive agenda or are we quote
stooping to their level if we do that
and you know if we don't start winning
things are gonna get way worse so I
think at a certain point from a purely
pragmatic perspective you've got to say
we need to start winning at least using
the tactics that we know work one of the
most prominent Senate races this
November is incumbent extremist vile
disgusting depraved dilapidated I might
even say that makes sense
Texas Republican Ted Cruz against
Democratic challenger better or or we've
been talking about this one it's a tough
one taking out an incumbent Republican
in Texas is an uphill battle but if you
were able to remove such a toxic and
ridiculous Republican it would be a huge
victory it would be an absolutely
massive victory and what we learned
early this morning is that Ted Cruz is
declining to participate in a town hall
debate with Beto O'Rourke on CNN on
October 18th
they have debated already it didn't go
super well for Ted Cruz although it was
a lot of preaching to the choir like I
don't know that mines were necessarily
changed by that first debate I don't
think that baito did all that well
either he just sounded like a typical
politician could have attacked at
different points yeah it was 50/50 I
don't know if it moved the needle but
Ted Cruz is opting not to participate in
this town hall debate his campaign was
asked why he's not participating in this
one they haven't as of this morning
commented and so what that means is that
Beto or work is going to get a one hour
live townhall with voters on CNN and Ted
Cruz simply isn't going to be there now
that may actually help better or work
that might actually make a difference I
will say that Ted Cruz isn't just
avoiding all debate with Beto or Roarke
he already debated with him once there's
another debate scheduled for two days
prior to the Town Hall on October 16th
in San Antonio if Cruz showed up shows
up and as far as we know he is planning
to so there's kind of two major
storylines about why might Ted Cruz
decline an opportunity for now
a one-hour national appearance national
media appearance with his opponent the
right is saying Ted Cruz has no reason
to do this many debates he's killing it
in the race there's a new New York Times
poll which says Cruz's up nine against
Beto O'Rourke 53 to 44 with 3% undecided
which if you believe this thing's
basically over Ted Cruz is gonna win and
be reelected if you believe that you're
up 9 you might just say I don't need to
do two debates in a three days three
days span I just don't need to do that
there's also a level of possible
hypocrisy here because in 2016 Cruz
criticized Trump for canceling a
presidential debate to raise money for
veterans or something like that remember
when Ted Cruz said this Donald Trump has
decided not to participate in the Fox
News debate this upcoming Monday you
were ready to go John Kasich was ready
to go Kasich said he's not going to go
if Trump's not going and your response
to mr. Trump's decision well Megan it's
great to be with you and and for
whatever reason it seems that the Donald
Trump finds you a very very terrifying
person he skipped the debate dial what
cuz you were going to be moderating and
and I guess he doesn't like when anyone
challenges him you know he was saying
just a week ago that he was eager to get
one-on-one with me well this debate that
that the field is narrowed even more and
he could have had a direct debate with
me and yet Donald apparently is ducking
he's afraid of being challenged okay so
we've got Ted Cruz's position on debates
we've got the Republican idea that Cruz
doesn't need to debate because he's up
nine do I think that Cruz is actually up
nine probably not I think Democrats need
to get out in Texas I'm not pretending
this is an easy one Texas hasn't voted
for a Democratic presidential candidate
since 76 no Democrat has won statewide
office in Texas since 1994 but the left
wants to believe that the reason Ted
Cruz isn't debating is that the first
debate was such a disaster for him that
it did so much damage that he thinks
he's better off simply not showing up to
the town hall I don't really buy that I
don't really buy that that's why Ted
Cruz isn't showing up yeah I don't think
he's afraid of
knowing what he's talking about or bado
catching him and any traps that sort of
thing I think he's just afraid of some
sort of gaffe right that's what these
people try to avoid and if you're up by
nine points why do you have to subject
yourself to that possibility so let's
explore whether he's really up nine okay
there are internal polls which we've
learned about from sources inside Ted
Cruz's campaign which say that this is
not a nine-point spread that the
possibility of this race being within
the margin of error is a very real
possibility so I believe that the
reality is probably a combination of the
two on the one hand you do have public
polling showing Ted Cruz way ahead but
most of those public polls are based on
what's called a likely voter model and
what that does is it assesses the
likelihood that a voter is actually
going to vote and it only is a poll of
those that the model determines are
likely to vote young people are
underrepresented in likely voter models
because one question that you're asked
in determining your likelihood of voting
is have you voted before if you're 18 19
20 or 21 and you were not 18 at the time
of the last election you haven't voted
before therefore you are less likely to
vote according to these likely voter
models the young people are under
counted so I think the Cruz campaign
knows this I think they know that they
have internal polls that show that this
is much closer it doesn't look nearly as
good for Cruz as the nine-point lead
that the New York Times claims that he
has there has also been record high
turnout for Democratic registration in
Texas and Democratic primary turnout the
highest in 24 years so if you do a more
nuanced analysis of the polling data
from Texas you look at new voter
registrations you look at likely voter
models and understand how that probably
is hurting better or work in the polls
this actually could be much closer than
9 points do I think that Beto O'Rourke
is clearly in the lead
no at the best case scenario is that
it's within the margin of error right
now and I think it's safe to say that if
beta or Roarke does pull this off we're
gonna be seeing a huge blue wave of the
2018 midterms that would mean that
Democrats are taking the Senate and they
had a strong night yeah it wouldn't be
you wouldn't just have better or better
or work defeating Ted Cruz and no other
Democratic wave I think
the point you're making it's all that
these these races are correlated good
news is we don't have to wait that much
longer
early voting actually starts Monday
October 22nd you can be damn sure that I
will be reminding you that early voting
starts in just 12 days okay there is a
Republican state representative in
Minnesota named Duane quam and he seems
like a really angry guy he's running
against Jamie mahlberg who's female and
Jamie mahlberg is giving him a run for
his money
qualm has been the incumbent and he's
been in for four terms he's the
Republican Jamie mahlberg is the
Democrat they had a debate where they
had to share a microphone which sounds
crazy it's not ideal but in local races
these sorts of things can happen at
debates where even though you've got two
candidates there's just one microphone
available and you've got to pass it back
and forth Jamie qualms got a I'm sorry
not not Jamie qualms Duane qualms I
combined their names
Duane qualm got a turn answering a
question then it was Jamie mal Burke's
turn to respond and as she finishes
speaking qualm rips the microphone from
her hand and she sort of jumps her
startles and it's all on video let's
take a look and you can hear the crowd
sort of gasp taken aback when he grabs
the mic out of her hand that formula
increases over time with inflation thank
you the problem we've got in education
is we are funding failure so he gets
this very angry rebuttal which also was
just terrible policy I mean his
education policy is also terrible but
maybe we'll get to that and then when
he's done with this rebuttal he goes to
hand the mic back to Jamie mahlberg and
