okay so as I've told you before the real
story the quote real story with Donald
Trump and stormy Daniels is not whether
Melania Trump knew that Trump was having
an affair or didn't know it's not
whether Trump used a condom as
interesting as I know that that's become
for a lot of people in our audience I've
seen the email some don't care some do
the really important part of the stormy
Daniels story is the possibly coercive
nature of these non-disclosure
agreements that are being used and
number two the potential illegality of
the hundred and thirty thousand dollars
in hush money that stormy Daniels was
paid there are a few different ways that
the hush money might have been illegal
the story were being told is that
because Michael Cohen likes Donald Trump
so much out of his friendship for Donald
Trump out of his genuine love for his
client Donald Trump he decided to cut a
check to stormy Daniels for a hundred
and thirty thousand dollars out of his
own money merely to get her to go away
and not talk about what of course they
maintain is a totally fake allegation of
an affair and he never even asked Donald
Trump for reimbursement to the hundred
and thirty thousand dollars and where it
gets really unbelievable is that Trump
is a billionaire how how many times over
there's disagreement about but I guess
we believe that Trump is a billionaire
Michael Cohen had to mortgage his house
or like get a home equity line of credit
in order to get that hundred and thirty
thousand dollars that he gave to stormy
Daniels and supposedly Donald Trump
never paid coming back maybe because he
had no idea about this it's laughable
right any clear-thinking person
recognizes that this makes no sense
whatsoever there is no chance in hell
that when your clients a billionaire you
just love him so much
that instead of just asking him to
reimburse you for the hundred and thirty
thousand dollars you mortgage your house
and never tell Donald Trump about it
it's totally not believable but Michael
Cohen's lawyer Cohen himself has
lawyered up right so Trump's lawyer is
Cohen Cohen has a lawyer named David
Schwartz David Schwartz has been going
around
any show that will listen that this is
the story no matter what logic dictates
and David Schwartz was interviewed on
the megan kelly
daily program the daytime program for
all my criticisms about megyn kelly and
this pretty stupid daily show that he
has she made David Schwartz look really
really stupid when he told this story
about a hundred and thirty thousand
dollars paid out of love by Michael
Cohen and it was so bad that at one
point the entire audience is just
laughing at the guy let's look at the
video it's worth seeing the whole way
through to just see how every time he
says it megyn kelly shows the total lack
of credibility that this story has in
business okay it's true but the weird
thing about this case is that Michael
Cohen signed the deal Donald Trump
didn't and you are claiming that Michael
Cohen the president's lawyer and fixer
ray Donovan character never ever told
Donald Trump about it never never never
told him and Michael Cohen dispensed
$130,000 of his own money and never
sought reimbursement from Donald Trump
under percent so the whitby no one
believes that okay yes and the dynamics
of the relationship it was not has
billions of dollars if Michael Cohen
doesn't let me finish my let me Michael
Cohen does have millions of dollars okay
zillions so no millions and billions all
right let me finish my answer okay
Michael Michael Cohen had great
authority within that organization gotta
take care of that I'm talking about the
so now the money you got to see the way
this all comes down first of all he got
approached okay he got approached 19
days or 15 days before the election okay
he got approached it'll take a hundred
and thirty thousand dollars makers up to
it to make this go away he had to make a
decision okay not even challenge I'm
challenging one on the impossibility
it's not that he paid 130 grand for
something he didn't do and never sorry
your birthday for a client when you're
looking at in the vacuum like when but
if you understand the relationship here
it makes complete sense that he's
approached am I going to go to the boss
or am I not going to go to the boss all
right what do I
- he chose not to go to the ball he
chose to take care of this that I
wouldn't he get 130 why would he pay 130
grand of his own money yeah well you
know what you're gonna when Michael
Cohen does come out you're gonna you're
gonna find out the mechanics of that
they're dodging you're getting that
balance I am answer what's the truth the
what the truth is he loves he loves the
boss and he all right who believes this
right and megyn kelly doing a really
good job here of showing that the story
they're telling is ridiculous and by the
way it's still not clear that Cohen
wasn't reimbursed I'm guessing at some
point we will learn that Michael Cohen
was reimbursed for those hundred and
thirty thousand dollars and we will find
out in what way it was done the term we
have to apply here is called Trump's
razor Josh Marshall from Talking Points
Memo and sci-fi writer John Scalzi sort
of together one or both of them built up
and promoted this term you've got
Occam's razor right I love this Occam's
razor simply is if you've got two
explanations for the same occurrence the
simpler one is usually better or more
accurate or set another way the the
explanation for a phenomena that
requires fewer assumptions is generally
the better one sort of like the simplest
explanation is generally the one that we
should prefer or gravitate to not always
true but it's an AI it's a principle
Trump's razor is if you have two
competing explanations for an occurrence
the one that implies the stupidest
behavior by Trump in his cronies is the
one that you go with and by the time
that this is all said and done I think
we might end up with another instance of
that here which is that of all the
different ways in which the stormy
Daniel situation could have been handled
the one that directly implies the
highest degree of stupidity from Donald
Trump and everybody working for him is
the one that ultimately will be the true
one and that might include illegal
payments that might include instances of
absolute and sheer idiocy and David
Schwartz truly gutted here I mean
embarrassingly so by Meghan Kelly in
this interview their claims are falling
apart
every time we learn a little bit more
about Michael Cohen the more he seems
genuinely like a mafia thug type
character working for Donald Trump and I
don't believe for a moment that Trump is
just totally in the dark about what it
is that's going on discuss this with us
on our subreddit at david pakman.com
slash re d di t I wanted to talk about
this yesterday but didn't have time last
week after weeks and weeks of not taking
questions in a press conference after
days of having nothing public on his
calendar whatsoever Trump decided to do
basically a campaign rally he went to
Ohio to do a rally in front of a
friendly crowd it's kind of like what
you do when you're running for president
supposedly it was going to be an
infrastructure speech by the way how
often is it infrastructure week it seems
like almost every week in this
administration is infrastructure week
Trump went completely and totally off
the rails it turned into a very strange
garbled rant resembling the English
language only loosely and demonstrating
a sort of Sarah Palin like inability to
communicate anything of meaning through
language and it got so bad that the
three major cable networks CNN MSNBC and
Fox News Paul just cut away from the
speech although you'll be pleased to
know that good old Fox Business Network
stayed with the entire thing all the way
through here is Fox bailing when it got
weird former george w bush white house
press secretary dana perino who's now a
fox news anchor fittingly explaining
that they are going away and she looked
sort of in physical pain as she said it
32,000 soldiers are even watching
president Russell is in Ohio giving a
speech wide-ranging speech but mostly
focusing on his infrastructure plan and
former White House deputy chief of staff
Karl Rove is back with me I like that
wide-ranging is code for Trump is all
over the place real quick go to Karl
Rove to try to say this it save us here
so even Fox cutting away even though
they did stay with it a few minutes
longer than CNN and mint and MSNBC so
here just random weird moments the
entire speech was totally off the rails
all right here's just a random 20
seconds of Trump from this speech we're
a very important
and respected in some circles Democrat
said we want to get rid we should get
rid of our Second Amendment in other
words get rid of it that's really good
it could be right about that so we're
going to protect our Second Amendment
that's not going to happen we have the
best judges we put on a tremendous
amount of great Federal District Court
judges will be setting records we are
setting records appeals court judges
Supreme Court judge fantastic justice
Gorsuch what is he talking about setting
records like what what the hell is this
guy on just another few seconds from
Trump's bizarre speech that networks
couldn't even stay with and we didn't
have one Democrat who voted they want to
raise your taxes and they want people to
come in from the border and they want I
guess want I can't imagine they want but
certainly drugs are flowing across
borders we need walls we started
building our wall I'm so proud of it
I started we started we have 1.6 billion
and we've already started you saw the
pictures yesterday I said what a thing
of beauty and on September 28th we go
further yeah that was a lie by the way
the pictures he's referring to were from
the replacement of two miles of border
fence dating back to the 1990s we've got
one more clip again just disjointed
rantings of a madman we spent and I was
against it from the beginning they try
and say well maybe not I was against it
from the beginning and by the way we're
knocking the hell out of Isis will be
coming out of Syria like very soon let
the other people take care of it now
very soon very soon we're coming out
we're gonna have a hundred percent of
the Caliphate as they call it sometimes
referred to as land take it all back
quickly quickly
but we're gonna be coming out of there
real soon gonna get back to our country
where we belong where we want to be but
just think of it we spent as of three
months ago
seven trillion dollars not billion not
million seven trillion with the T nobody
ever heard of the word trillion until 10
years ago we spent seven trillion
dollars in the Middle East we'd build a
school that blow it up we'd build it
again they'd blow it up we'd build it
again
has it been blown up yet but it will be
but if we want to school in Ohio to fix
the windows you can't get the money if
you want a school in Pennsylvania or
Iowa to get federal money you can't get
the money we spent seven trillion
dollars in the middle east and you know
we have for it nothing remember I used
to say keep the oil as a civilian
I used to say did anybody hear me say
that that's before I decided to go in
this journey with all of you I got tired
of watching what on earth is this guy
talking about i it is the disjointed
rantings of someone who understands
nothing it's always infrastructure week
or month or whatever nothing actually
happens except Trump just showing up and
talking about his random random musings
here and it's there's two phases of a
Trump speech there's the horrible syntax
of the teleprompter reading where he's
looking off at an angle and saying and
if we were to become a better nation of
and then we would write like it's just
he can't read it it just makes no sense
whatsoever and then you see when he
shifts off the teleprompter and look
straight ahead and but then you don't
even know what the guy's talking about
because he's just completely off the
rails and improvising and I hope that
soon we actually get a press conference
supposedly he's doing one today
questions like mr. president can you
just say definitively did you have sex
with stormy Daniels did you realize that
your people were knowingly and directly
dealing with Russian intelligence
officers did you know about the hundred
and thirty thousand dollars that Michael
Cohen paid stormy Daniels have you
reimbursed some specific questions and
you can't put him out there because he
could end up saying something horribly
self incriminating so I hope we get a
press conference
soon these speeches are but so bizarre
that even FoxNews had to cut away from
them even if he did get those questions
though I think he would go off on a
tangent about how he won the 2016
election it was greatest victory of all
time
baby got to deflect maybe he would but I
think he would very likely end up saying
something totally totally self
incriminating and it's pretty clear
they're trying to keep him away from
those types of questions hopefully he
will get some today bizarre speech that
a lot of people on our subreddit noticed
and you can join that discussion if you
can stomach it at david pakman.com slash
re d di t if I tell you that someone
talked sense on Fox News you would
immediately know that it was either
shepard smith or less likely but
possibly chris wallace someone talked
sense on fox news yesterday insta
fact-checking Donald Trump's bogus
claims about Amazon and Jeff Bezos
straight-up telling his audience none of
what you heard was true and it was
indeed Shep Smith let's check it out
we're gonna start with Donald Trump's
claims about Amazon and their deal with
the post office that Trump completely
misunderstood he also took aim today
again today at Amazon the post office is
losing billions of dollars and the
taxpayers are paying for that money
because it delivers packages for Amazon
at a very below cost and that's not fair
to the United States it's not fair to
our taxpayers and Amazon has the money
to pay the fair rate at the post which
would be much more than their thing
right now we're giving a subsidy to
Amazon and we're talking about billions
of dollars a year but the real cost and
a report just came out they said a
dollar 47 I believe or about that for
every time they deliver a package the
United States government meaning the
post office loses $1 47 so Amazon is
gonna have to pay much more money to the
post office yeah okay so that stuff is
not true it's just not but usually you
don't hear that fact-checked on Fox News
but look at Shep Smith go the Postal
Service's own numbers show it makes
money by delivering packages for Amazon
and other company
as for taxpayers the post offices own
website points out and I quote the
Postal Service receives no tax dollars
for operating expenses none and that
reference to a dollar 47 that the
president came up with their a Citigroup
study last year showed on average the
Postal Service was charging a dollar 46
below market rates for package delivery
but our researchers point out if that
discount exists it's not just for Amazon
it's a bulk rate discount back to John
Roberts there is a great deal of
confusion or something here regarding
Amazon in the post office because none
of that none of that was in it was true
that's right it's just not true and it's
too complicated to explain to Trump and
the entire Amazon package delivery world
is super interesting aside from whether
we like or dislike Amazon as a company
aside from whether Trump gets it there's
a lot of really interesting stuff Amazon
does they have huge market power they
strike deals with UPS and FedEx and the
post office they purchase a fleet of
planes to do some of their own shipping
it's all really interesting but as far
as what Trump is saying the bottom line
is that USPS offers $1 47 bulk rate
discount from market rates it's not
necessarily a loss it's just a discount
it's not just for Amazon and the reason
for all of this stuff is partially that
Trump just doesn't like Jeff Bezos
because Bezos owns the Washington Post
and The Washington Post has been doing
really good critical investigative
journalism related to Trump's
administration and then behind all of
this is probably the idea as we'll touch
on with Corey Dugan next week when he's
back on the show that Trump would love
to privatize USPS to some degree the way
he wanted to privatize the VA and just
likes the idea of privatization but I
don't want to get hugely off track I've
explained this before the biggest reason
that conservatives say we should
privatize the post office is because on
paper they're not doing well financially
which is because they are required to
pre-fund something like the next 50 or
75 years of retirement benefits for
employees which is absurd I'm forgetting
the exact details offhand but in any
case it's it's it's Trump likes to call
it this was a Nancy Pelosi beauty or an
Obama
Beauty it's a right wing beauty to
constantly go back and talk about
privatizing the post office and that
that's just something that I don't see
happening anytime soon people wondering
how does Shep Smith get away with this
stuff a couple possibilities-- he might
have an ironclad contract I don't know
about that the other possibility is that
it's sort of calculated by Fox they say
listen what we're gonna let Shep say
whatever he wants the rest of the
network is complete right-wing lunacy
and then anytime we get called out we
can always say listen we've got a range
of opinions on the show we've got all
this stuff and then we've got Shep Smith
and they can sort of use Shep to try to
deny their bias ultimately it's very
very fun to watch the trumpet's go into
cognitive dissonance shock how how can
Shep be doing this how can any of this
stuff be true they're disrupting my echo
chamber yeah and you know Trump takes
everything he hears on Fox News is
gospel true so maybe this will cause him
to reevaluate his position on this maybe
he'll figure out that he was wrong about
Amazon in the post office
my sense is he's just not watching Shep
Smith I don't know I've never even heard
Trump mentioned awareness of Shep Smith
at any time so I think it's mostly Fox
and Friends and Hannity that Trump is uh
sort of paying attention to let's take a
quick break Amanda Marcotte joins me
next I love this story the Catholic
Church and the Vatican are now
scrambling after Pope Francis sort of
appeared to question whether there even
is a hell which is kind of a pretty
basic belief of Catholicism but you
don't have to worry because the flunkies
are claiming he was just misunderstood
what happened is that during a recent
meeting Eugenio Scalf re who's the now
93 year old founder of a Vatican
newspaper asked Pope Francis where do
bad Souls go of course the correct
answer in the context of the Catholic
