not that we needed more evidence to
question the mental stability of the
president but he spent his weekend
obviously at one of his golf resorts
this time the one in New Jersey spent
his weekend tweeting about various
conspiracies and of course about
Hillary's emails he's been president for
a year and a half and he's still
tweeting about Hillary's emails and it's
very quickly becoming like having
conspiracy theorists Alex Jones as
president of the United States Donald
Trump tweeting rife with the bizarre
grammar and capitalization that we've
become accustomed to over the weekend
quote the rigged witch-hunt originally
headed by FBI loverboy Peter S for one
year and now thirteen angry Democrats
should look into the missing DNC server
crooked Hillary's illegally deleted
emails the Pakistani fraudster uranium
one Podesta and so much more
it's a Democrat con job I don't know
where to start okay so let this is like
under fifty words I think I counted it's
like forty seven words here's what he
has squeezed into this small number of
words which is actually a sort of
literary achievement to squeeze this
much nonsense into only forty seven
words he calls the Russia investigation
of witch-hunt no evidence of that that's
a popular one of for Trump the Peter
asks that he refers to his Peters struck
this is the guy who was an FBI agent
didn't head the investigation he was one
of many people that were involved and
once his anti-trump text messages came
to light he was removed from the
investigation in fact the handling of
the Peter Strock situation was done 100%
correctly and has not yet not indicative
of any wrongdoing by the FBI Trump then
talks about thirteen angry Democrats
that's Trump claiming that thirteen
Democrats at the FBI run the entire
investigation which is court of course
not true and as you probably know Robert
Muller the guy in charge he's a lifelong
Republican Trump references a missing
DNC server there are missing records of
all kinds on both Democratic and
Republican sides not really a unique
thing we have a problem in our governor
with records going missing talks about
Hillary's emails Hillary lost almost two
years ago I don't know why he's still
talking about Hillary's emails he even
said that even though his priority was
going to be to lock her up that it's not
actually going to be so why he's talking
about it I don't know then he mentions
this Pakistani fraudster now that you
may not have heard about that refers to
an individual whose last name is a Wan
who's connected to a government IT
situation a Wan was a former IT aide for
Debbie wasserman-schultz and he made
unauthorized access to the servers of
the House of Representatives but again
it has nothing to do with the Trump
Russia investigation whatsoever he
brings up uranium one that's of course
the completely debunked conspiracy
theory that there's different versions
of it but one is Hillary illegally gave
all of our uranium to Russia and there's
actually even crazier versions of that
one even Shepard Smith on Fox News
debunked it and then he just says
Podesta that's not really anything
that's just referring to John John
Podesta is a person he refers to John
Podesta but that's not really anything a
single 47 word tweet with eight
distortions or straight-up conspiracy
theories
well David the president is busy he
works something like 20 hours a day he
barely sleeps yes you know ending the
Korean War on Monday and resuscitating
the coal industry on Tuesday he doesn't
have time to fact-check he doesn't have
time to spellcheck you're expecting too
much from him this is what happens when
you have an Alex Jones presidency or
some guy who watches Fox News in the
Oval Office and it's not how a stable
genius behaves and if you're Justin
Trudeau or a Manuel McCrone or Angela
Merkel Angela Merkel what do you think
when you see this stuff and actually we
know what they think and we know that
Trump doesn't care what they think
because he's alienated them completely
what does Putin think when he sees this
stuff he thinks everything's going
exactly to plan and is very very pleased
we have yet another victim of the Trump
tax cuts and they are the potential
employees of BMW who were not going to
be hired who are not going to get a job
because BMW is choosing to expand in
China in
stead of the United States so for now
BMW is introducing production in the US
although Trump has sort of talked about
getting German cars off American roads
which was really weird because a lot of
those companies employ many American
workers but BMW is choosing to expand
their manufacturing in China instead of
the United States and starting next year
BMW is going to produce more than half a
million cars in China last year about a
third of the cars sold in China were
actually imported from other countries
including SUVs made in the United States
and of course as you probably know by
now Trump put a 25% additional tariff on
thirty four billion dollars in Chinese
imports this includes cars so China has
also retaliated when it comes to that
and BMW smartly obviously like I'm not
cheering it but I understand why they're
doing it they say well we're gonna avoid
the tariffs by making the cars that we
sell in China in China to begin with and
these are jobs that could have gone to
American workers Trump said he wanted to
help American workers but these are jobs
that are going to go to the Chinese
instead and yesterday I've been thinking
about what's the endgame here right how
can we get off of this escalating trade
war and contrary to what Trump has said
trade wars aren't always good and
they're not always easy to win but if
they're going to end both sides need to
know what they need to have happen in
order to end them there's no indication
Trump knows what he would need he's
vaguely talked about China's unfair to
us on trade and they steal our
intellectual property okay well how do
you make that a policy if China just
says we won't steal intellectual
property anymore is that enough will
that get Trump to say we're ready to end
this and unfortunately there are lots of
people who are emailing me saying if
only X happened we could just undo these
tariffs and go back to where we were I
hate to break it to you but nearly a
dozen economic experts are saying that
once you have tariffs like these in
place it takes a while to remove them
and very often even before negotiations
happen around the
specifically you'll see countries see if
they can maybe come to agreements on
other things sort of like proxy
negotiations there's thought they're
gonna start to feel out can we cooperate
on other geopolitical issues if and when
it feels like progress has been made
then you would look at the idea of
scaling down the tariff so Trump very
quickly irrationally haphazardly started
the tariffs didn't seem like he knew
much about trade or what the impacts
would be and now we're going to be stuck
with this for a long time because these
off ramps can take a long time to
actually put in place and step one is
the Trump administration needs to be
clear about what they want it's not even
clear that they know it right now Trump
says treat us fairly on trade well what
does that look like Trump says China
needs to stop stealing intellectual
property well what does that look like
when it comes to an agreement and would
he just take the Chinese president's
word on that they don't know because
they're clueless and this was done
haphazardly good luck getting out of
this any time soon you know it by now
when I say there was a moment of truth
or of clarity or of honesty on Fox News
it's almost always Shepard Smith except
when it isn't Fox News anchor
commentator I don't even know really
what her role is at this point Dagan
McDowell
she said what we all know is true which
is that if President Obama pulled the
tariffs that Trump is now putting in
place the right would be calling for
Obama's head if you thought that the
right went nuts when Trump when Obama
rather wore a tan suit just imagine what
the right would have done if Obama had
placed tariffs on our key allies and
suppliers of products and dagen mcdowell
says something which is actually very
uncontroversial it's obviously true it's
just kind of out of place on Fox News
you're right the market is really
tolerating this the market has not
collapsed and certainly the economy in
the second quarter is growing at a great
clip so maybe we can handle this but
this strategy that we talked about has
not been it laid out clearly and we've
heard about
retaliation the European Europe has
talked about coming back with tariffs on
300 billion dollars in goods which is
one-fifth of all of our exports every
year so there is a grave concern and
I'll point this out if President Obama
had pulled what we've seen in the last
six months we would be shouting to the
high heavens blowing the roof off this
bill would be absolutely ways faster
when everybody talks at the same time
but digging McDowell was absolutely
right if Obama did this the right would
be saying this is protectionist nanny
government Indonesian Kenyan Muslim
foreign-born Barack Hussein Obama
screwing us again but Obama wasn't
ignorant enough or depraved enough or
delusional enough to try to start a
trade war with half the world so yes
right-wing media would have lost their
minds if Obama did this put Obama never
would have thought of even proposing
something like this yeah and really you
can make this hypocrisy point on just
about every political issue I think
she's making it here though because
there are many Republicans there out
there who are in support of free trade
who are also against these tariffs is
safer you know the Koch brothers are too
and probably the people who run Fox News
so it is very safe I mentioned soybean
farmers yesterday and NPR had an
interesting piece about soybean farmers
who by and large in the Midwest support
Donald Trump and they're getting very
nervous about these tariffs but they
mostly still support Donald Trump and
these people are sticking with Trump
even as he destroys their industries and
I want to show you the level of
cognitive dissonance that's going on
there was an article in Kansas City calm
they went to Poplar Bluff Missouri
ravaged by these tariffs almost
immediately and here are quotes just
from people in the community okay it
would be a detriment to our community
said Carol McGee but when you look at
the bigger picture blaming him solely
meaning Trump is not necessarily
accurate well he chose to do this entire
tariff proposal who else are you gonna
blame I guess whoever gave him the idea
probably wasn't his idea
also from this Kansas
calm article he's the only one who
hasn't lied about what he was going to
do in office insists Eric Turner a chef
so although the tariffs he's going to
drive although through the tariffs quote
he's going to drive up the cost of
everything people are still going to
stand behind him that's exactly right
they are going through and it's horrible
also from the article Faust son Sean
said if his friends who work there do
lose their jobs quote I don't think it
will turn them against the president
even if on the surface it's going to
look bad I agree they're not gonna turn
against the guy another quote from the
article there is going to be some
short-term pain says nurse anesthetist
Don Faust and I don't like for anyone to
have pain in their lives but we've had
unfair trade directed against the US for
years and we've just taken it so some of
these things are gonna have to happen
before some of these economic issues get
hashed out these people don't know
anything about trade Trump is convinced
them with his vague proclamations about
being treated unfairly that he knows the
solutions to the trade problem guy
doesn't even actually understand the
problem and people who know nothing
about economics are now blindly saying
Trump's identified the problems could be
a little rough in the meantime but
ultimately we're going to get the
solutions the solutions are going to
come when Trump's replacement
comes up with the solutions they're not
going to come under Trump and this is
why you have to vote in November because
these people are telling you doesn't
matter how bad it gets doesn't matter
how bad it gets for me or my town or my
state there's some bigger picture
strategy that Trump has here and they're
going to continue supporting him so Rudy
Giuliani appeared on ABC's program this
week with George Stephanopoulos and he
seemed to I guess inadvertently unless
it's part of some campaign to
deliberately so confusion which it very
well may be Giuliani
appeared to admit that Donald Trump
obstructed justice by asking James Comey
then FBI director to give indicted
National Security Advisor Michael Flynn
a break in the Russia probe and Rudy
Giuliani insists out of one side of his
mouth that there's just nothing to see
here
but then he admits that well yeah the
President did say specific
things to james comey about how to
handle the Michael Flynn situation which
would be a way of in a literal sense
getting in the way
obstructing interfering the natural
course of justice being carried out by
an investigation the clip is stunning it
is only 28 seconds but it contains so
much wackiness that i want you to pay
really close attention to these 28
seconds I mean the reality is Comey
in some ways ends up being a good
witness for us unless you assume they're
trying to get him into a perjury trap by
he tells his version somebody else has a
different version how is he a good
witness for the president if he's saying
that the president was asking directing
him and his words to let the Michael son
investigation go he didn't direct him to
do that what he said to him was can you
can you give Comey says he took it as
directly that's okay I'm taking it that
way I meant by that time you have been
fired and you said a lot of other things
some of which has turned out to be
untrue this is just completely untrue I
mean he's completely revising the
timeline into one that if my current
understanding of time is moving forward
and we can't like travel back in time or
change the past currently like that's my
understanding and maybe in the future
these are things we'll be able to do I
don't think Giuliani is referring to
sort of like a break in the space-time
continuum here this is not the way it
happened Rudy Giuliani who is Trump's
own lawyer is admitting that during the
time when Jeff bi director James Comey
was FBI director he was told by the
President to look at giving a break to
National Security Advisor
Michael Flynn that is direction when it
comes to a specific invest investigate
and it is obstruction of justice and I
know I know
unless Trump is impeached it won't make
a difference you likely can't indict a
sitting president but that doesn't
change whether it's obstruction and it
is and the executive branch directing
the FBI to handle a particular
investigation in a particular way
including being lacks right giving Flynn
a break that is asking for before there
is a an actual indictment before there
is a trial before there is a sentencing
it's saying just give them a break on
the entire thing which which of course
at that phase in the investigation means
maybe let the entire thing go is George
Stefon
points out now remember this also
contradicts that Trump said when asked
this exact same thing last year that he
never said anything like it to James
Comey so Giuliani Trump's personal
lawyer is making this comment from Trump
last year appeared to be shocker untrue
Thank You mr. president in the light of
a very busy news week a lot of people
would like to get to the bottom of a
couple of things give you a chance to go
on record here did you at any time
urge former FBI director James Comey in
any way shape or form to close or to
back down the investigation into Michael
Flynn and also as you know next question
well his whole lawyer Rudy Giuliani is
now saying the opposite and at first
Rudy Giuliani said he was contradicting
Trump remember when he was first hired
by Trump and then he said all sorts of
things that were the opposite of what
Trump said he said well I was just hired
and I'm kind of trying to figure things
out later he was asked about it and he
said well those were just rumors right
rumors created by him apparently he
wrote them off as just rumors what's the
excuse now and I'm not asking
rhetorically I genuinely am wondering
how is it that Rudy Giuliani continues
to directly contradict Trump and is it a
strategy merely to create confusion yeah
why do they keep putting him on the
sunday talk shows I know he had a few
week hiatus
yes you're really gonna put this guy
back he keeps putting his foot in his
mouth and you would have imagined that
was the hiatus during which he was
informing himself about the relevant
facts related to all of this stuff but
apparently not I think in the end
pardons are gonna be flying soon and
none of this stuff is gonna matter and
we like to think in general that people
know what they're doing but we are aware
of these ideas that 80% of people are
incompetent at what they do
we still imagine that okay even if 80%
of lawyers are sometimes incompetent the
president's lawyers those would be the
best people and maybe that's not the
case unless of course this is and this
is a counter-argument people emailed me
about they said something along the
lines of Rudy Giuliani is contradicting
Trump to obfuscate and confuse so that
no one really knows what's true and
becomes distrustful of everything that
they hear and just kind of give up on
figuring out what's going on which is
less like 1984 by
well but more like brave new world by
Aldous Huxley that is more reminiscent
of what was laid out by Aldous Huxley
which is who even really knows what's
true I'll just figure out something else
to think about yeah you were talking
about the confusion over when you know
if time is moving forward or backward or
what's going on with that maybe that's
the 40 chests that they're talking about
always yes it's 7 dimensional underwater
chess played only when it's completely
dark out between the hours of 2 a.m. and
4 a.m. and somehow they're playing
they're playing the game masterfully or
something like that if an investigation
were about to end would the guy running
the investigation hire even more
prosecutors you tell me Donald Trump has
been telling us for a long time now that
we're almost at the end of this thing
the Moller investigation is just about
to end we heard last year that it would
be over by Thanksgiving 2017 when it
didn't end we were told it would be over
by New Year's Day January 1 2018
that didn't happen throughout early 2018
and even over the last month or so we've
