[Music]
the david pakman show at david
pakman.com so after multiple denials the
New York Times and CNN are both
reporting now that Saudi Arabia is going
to admit that yes journalist for The
Washington Post
American resident Jamal shogi did die at
their Embassy in Istanbul Turkey and the
implications are very far-reaching to
say the least we talked yesterday about
the story and we talked yesterday only
about what we knew at that time which
was that although everything pointed to
Saudi Arabia having a hand in and likely
being responsible for the death of the
journalists they had vehemently denied
it multiple times including reportedly
to Donald Trump and we spoke about the
geopolitical implications we talked
about the economic implications and a
lot more and at this point on the facts
nobody should be surprised that
Khashoggi died in Saudi custody or at
the hands of the Saudis that's been
pretty obvious for days and the way
specifically that Saudi Arabia according
to the reporting we have right now from
the New York Times and CNN and this may
change by the time you listen to this or
you watch this
Saudi Arabia is going to frame this as
it was an accidental death due to a
botched interrogation at the Embassy in
Istanbul now there is also visual
evidence of him entering that embassy in
Istanbul which we are we have on the
screen behind me for our television and
video audience and as a reminder before
we get to sort of the full explanation
that we're anticipating from the Saudis
yesterday I played video for you of
Donald Trump proposing really in a way
that provided cover for the Saudis that
it could have been random rogue killers
amorphous nameless unknown rogue killers
who took the journalists out here
just a reminder of what Trump said
yesterday with that being said the King
firmly denied any knowledge of it he
didn't really know maybe
I don't want to get into his mind but it
sounded to me like maybe these could
have been Rogen killers who knows we're
gonna try getting to the bottom of it
very soon but his was a flat denial
yeah so did Donald Trump say this
sincerely when he said it yesterday if
so it would suggest that Saudi Arabia
was directly lying to Trump personally
and we would hope that that would have
repercussions but we'll get to that
Saudi Arabia initially again saying they
know nothing about it
had nothing to do with it despite
information from very early on that one
of the few places that khashoggi went
when he was in Istanbul was to the Saudi
embassy there and specific information
suggesting he was not only murdered but
also dismembered there new explanation
is reportedly again as I mentioned and
alluded to this was an interrogation
that they were doing of Jamal shogi but
the interrogation went wrong and he
ended up dead and as the details come
out the story gets even more bizarre
Turkish officials are claiming and
believe me I know that when the Turkish
officials claim something we have to be
cautious and skeptical Turkish officials
say that a Saudi autopsy specialist
entered the country carrying a bone saw
in a group of 15 Saudis who came into
Turkey the day that Khashoggi
disappeared this has all the markings of
and appears to be yet another
disgustingly brutal and atrocious act by
the Saudis and what is you know we often
say 50 people shot in Chicago over the
weekend but it's this one person that
got shot in South Carolina that makes
the news or 10,000 kids died of hunger
in Africa yesterday but the two that
died on the London subway make the news
consider how many people in Yemen have
died at the hands of Saudi Arabia over
the last year that doesn't mean that the
khashoggi story is an on story but it is
part it's always a media story as well
what makes the news the interrogation
gone wrong explanation that could be
right it could be it's very interesting
though like was he threatened with a
bone saw and wouldn't cooperate that
with them so he ended up getting
dismembered we have to know the details
about this was the bone saw brought in
after he had already died in order to
you literally take him apart I mean it's
 it's gruesome what we're talking
about here and it's also important to
understand that if Trump didn't come up
with the rogue killers theory himself
and he was really told that by the Saudi
royal family this means they're straight
up lying to the president which would
hopefully carry some diplomatic
repercussions but in the era of trumpet
it's not it's not clear that it will
rogue killers is sort of accurate in
that it's this the Saudis behave like
rogue killers right and in that sense it
is sort of accurate but beyond that I
think we know that it that that was not
an accurate assessment and the real
problem is that we seem to have this
dictator believing dictator friendly
White House right now and it is a story
about Saudi Arabia but as an American
show this is also a story about our
relationship with this brutal regime the
story from Saudi Arabia was never
believable right embassies are very
secure there are cameras everywhere
there are visitor logs and security
checks the idea that Jamal khashoggi had
been at the Embassy and two weeks later
the Saudi royal family still just didn't
know they weren't sure or they hadn't
heard that he had been at the embassy
was laughable from the beginning the
only question is have they been straight
up lying the entire time and do we
believe that it was an interrogation
gone wrong and I think you're right Pat
that it could have been but it's also
just as likely if not more likely that
it was an interrogation followed by a
deliberate execution and they're calling
it an interrogation gone wrong because
we'll never really know and even if the
Saudis did lie to Trump it's clear that
he's not going to do anything about it
you know things said during the 60
Minutes interview that he wasn't
considering sanctions and that there are
other ways supposedly to punish Saudi
Arabia over this but he also made it
clear that he wants to keep that 110
billion dollar arms deal and for him the
life of this one journalist just isn't
worth that money well this is important
because this is it is one journalist it
is one life that appears to have been
brutally ended early it's an American
resident it's a journalist working for
The Washington Post the idea that we
would accept as a reasonable explanation
that you know it was an interrogation
and the Saudis miscalculated and he
ended up dead whether it's true or not
is irrelevant because it's not an actual
explanation that would say to us
oh well no repercussions are warranted
the repercussions here are ones that
we've been calling for for a very long
time if it's this that causes that to
happen great it may just expose the
degree to which Trump is just enamored
and complicit with brutal authoritarians
all over the world I genuinely don't
know what the follow-up will be but you
can be sure that we are going to be
covering covering it
it appears that Robert Muller is at
least initially going to question Donald
Trump in the Russia investigation in
writing
meaning that trumps lawyers will be
allowed to write totally innocuous
probably non perjury answers to
questions from Robert Muller if this is
all that is going to take place as far
as the questioning of Trump it's a total
disaster so this is according to sources
that are directly involved with the
process they told CBS News that this is
going on importantly we don't know
whether this is it for Trump's
involvement or if this is just step one
when CNN first reported it one of trumps
lawyers Jay Sekulow said no comment and
CNN said we don't know whether this is
the first of multiple rounds of
questions or if there's the possibility
of asking follow-up questions or if it
will culminate in an in-person interview
we just didn't know and it's been a huge
topic of contention for months now we
know that this rotating cast of lawyers
that Donald Trump has has been trying to
avoid Trump sitting down in person with
Robert Muller period and we knew that
they wanted written questions and
answers and at least based on the
current reporting there will be a round
of questions and answers in writing but
we don't know if this is a precursor to
the real interview or not Rudy Giuliani
says we are not prepared to agree to
more questions until this first group of
questions is asked answered and someone
can explain why that isn't enough
reasons why only written questions are
not sufficient includes that sort of
like what the FBI investigation of Brett
Kavanaugh was not sufficient because it
didn't even
include questions to Cavanaugh there is
no opportunity to explore whether Trump
is telling the whole truth if you just
do written questions write that phrase
the truth the whole truth and nothing
but the truth it's easier to enforce
that when you can follow up with the
person and they're sitting right in
front of you because Trump's lawyers
will likely stick to the truth in their
answers but they're not gonna volunteer
the whole truth and this is one of those
cases where the whole truth is really
where Trump could get messed up and end
up exposing the obstruction the lies the
possible criminality and the most
pressing question is why would Muller
allow this and there's a few
possibilities
number one if Robert Muller starts to
think he's not going to be able to get
an in-person interview that if he has to
subpoena Trump that the subpoena would
be ignored or challenged then maybe you
say is Robert Muller if this is all I
can get I will do some written questions
that's one possibility the more sort of
clever or devious explanation would be
maybe Muller is so well prepared that
he's hoping to get some lives or
contradictions in writing from Trump's
lawyers because they may not know what
Muller already has and getting lies in
writing would be much more powerful if
they are Trump's sworn statements then
the sort of subjective offhanded
comments that you might get during an
in-person interview but I'm thinking
like super optimistically here yeah I'm
leaning towards that second second
explanation because the Moller
investigation has been going on for well
over a year at this point so you have to
imagine they have quite a bit of
evidence and they know what went down
and you know maybe this is the best they
can get out of Trump because he is a
sitting president and he is so busy yes
of course but tweeting about horse-faced
or me they could definitely catch him in
a lie or a few lies here the truth is
that if Trump did collude with the
Russians or obstruct justice or whatever
else he's probably lying to his lawyers
anyway so you may end up in a situation
where what Trump's lawyers present to
Muller are lies but they are Trump's
lies in other words his own lawyers may
not even
that those are lies and Bob Woodward
actually describes a conversation
between trumps lawyer Jay Sekulow and
the Muller team where Jay Sekulow and
maybe even John Dowd also say we can't
let Trump look like an idiot because the
transcripts will be released other
countries will realize that Trump is a
quote goddamn dumbbell that's a quote
and that type of thing but I actually
don't know that that's really a concern
in the sense that it's a concern that
other the other leaders think Trump is a
dumbbell but they probably already know
that if they've dealt with him I don't
know that transcripts of an interview
with Muller would really it would really
expose that but to go back to Muller for
a second the most interesting theory
I've seen about why Muller would agree
to written answers for now is that he
may not think that he can legally
subpoena Trump successfully now and get
him in the room but if he gets written
answers that directly contradict what
other witnesses have said maybe that
would give him stronger legal
justification for pushing for the
enforcement of a subpoena it's a
hypothesis I would just hope that these
questions are falsifiable right I hope
he's asking did you know about the Trump
Tower meeting ahead of time did you know
that Russia was trying to help and
influence your campaign because yeah
sure lawyers can kind of work their way
around that but in the end those are yes
or no questions and Mulder may already
have an evidence to confirm that those
are things Trump knew or talked about or
met with Dettol at the time what I think
is most likely to happen here is what
happened with Cavanaugh I hate to be
pessimistic but it will be listen he
answered the questions there was nothing
obvious in the questions that justified
mandating or forcing an in-person
meeting and we're gonna have to continue
the investigation just on the basis of
these written answers that's what I
believe is the most likely outcome here
but I do want to hear from you about it
I'm on twitter at des Pakman the show is
on twitter at david pakman show the
david pakman show at david pakman.com
[Music]
[Music]
the david pakman show at david
pakman.com today's new member of the day
is Kenneth Johnson Kenneth thank you we
do depend on the support of viewers
listeners who sign up for membership or
pledge on patreon
today's sustaining longtime member of
the dais Lynn Fletcher dating all the
way back to August of 2013 lensman with
us more than five years
Kenneth Lynn thank you join them at
wwe.com pennies a day pennies a day to
support independent media or at
patreon.com slash David Pakman show
this next story would be sort of dumb
sidebar were it not for the fact that it
goes to the total debasement of American
politics and basic honesty in our
country and it's the story of
Massachusetts senator Elizabeth Warren
who's been attacked for a long time for
claiming Native American heritage in her
family she's been ridiculed for this
Donald Trump has made it a habit of
making fun of her by calling her
Pocahontas many times I could play 15
minutes of examples for you here's just
one right just to give you a sense of
how he does it you'll have plenty of
those Democrats coming over and you're
gonna say no sir no thank you no ma'am
perhaps ma'am it may be Pocahontas
remember that
Donald Trump also previously said that
if Elizabeth Warren took a DNA test and
released it and it showed that she had
Native American ancestry or as Trump
likes to call it that she was an Indian
that he would donate a million dollars
to the charity of her choice and
Elizabeth Warren has done that she's
published her DNA results it seems to be
more about 2022 try to be able to say
listen I've dealt with that issue if she
does indeed want to run for president in
2020 then her about then about her
campaign right now here in Massachusetts
which she's going to handily win and a
Stanford professor Carlos Bustamante
who's an expert in data science and
genomics said that as in genomics our
genomics its genomic think it's genomics
I say genomics said that the vast
majority of Elizabeth Warren's ancestry
is European but that quote the results
strongly support the existence of an
unexpected
somewhere between six and ten
generations ago which critics will point
out ten generations would mean that she
is 1/1000 24th Native American so the
immediate questions were number one why
is Warren doing this now answer again I
think it's about getting it out of the
way if she wants to advance a
presidential run in 2020 interestingly
Donald Trump is not ready to donate the
million Trump was asked about this
yesterday morning and he straight-up
denied ever having made the promise to
donate a million dollars check this out
[Music]
you better read it again now here is
Donald Trump himself making the promise
and tell me Pat if my ears are deceiving
me this is from July 5th where Donald
Trump said exactly what he denied saying
there and we will say I will give you a
million dollars to your favorite charity
paid for by Trump if you take the test
and it shows you're an idiot
yeah shows you're an Indian I like how
the crowd cheers that like what are you
what are you cheering there right well
maybe that's providing him covered right
because turns out she was Native
American partially yes not Indian she's
she is no she's not claiming any Indian
ancestry dating back to the Indian
subcontinent he can argue he was kidding
he can argue it doesn't really show that
she is Native American if she's only one
one thousand twenty-fourth Native
American but how can they argue that he
never said it and while we're at it
didn't Sean Hannity say he'd get
waterboarded if something or other
happened and he didn't do it I think
that that's also a promise that Oliver
just remembered I would like to see that
maybe he could make it longer than
Mancow muller did what was that like
four seconds or seconds waterboarding
torture so the latest is Trump says he
will only donate the million if he can
test Elizabeth Warren himself I don't
even know what that means like he's not
he's not a DNA I don't want to know what
that I don't I don't want to know what
Trump imagines it would mean for him to
personally test Elizabeth Warren's DNA
in any case does anybody find it odd
that if you have a drop of African blood
according to some of these rightists
you're black but if you have a Native
American great-great-great-grandmother
you're not Native American and it's okay
to mock you as Pocahontas and I want to
be like crystal clear here okay if you
are arguing that Elizabeth Warren has
not experienced setbacks in her life on
the basis of being Native American I'm
with you okay I have seen no evidence
whatsoever that whether or not Elizabeth
Warren is 1024 Thor won five hundred and
twelfth or whatever it is Native
American I have seen no evidence
whatsoever that she has suffered
setbacks in her experience in life as a
wealthy sixty something year
woman if I'm wrong show me the evidence
there is no question whatsoever here
that her Native American heritage is
minor it's more than mine I mean I have
none like I have no Native American
Heritage period in my background so she
is more than me but does it relate to
her experience as a person in the United
States of America no I don't think so
but if I had an Italian great-great
great-grandmother would it be okay to
start calling me
Guido sarcastically or whatever right
like if I had an Irish ancestor is it
acceptable for the president to jokingly
mock me as Mick or something that's the
point here which is again the debasement
of the politics and if you want to come
to me and say no David the real problem
here is that Elizabeth Warren actually
received an advantage on the basis of
claiming this Native American heritage
come to me and prove that because I've
not seen that people who say well she
was classified at Harvard as Native
