David without any further ado why don't
you present your case sure well thanks
for having me first of all I think that
there's a couple different things that I
find sort of most interesting about
what's going on right now that I find to
be sort of encompassed primarily right
now by Robert Moeller's investigation
but really that goes beyond that as well
into sort of patterns involving Donald
Trump and his associates both during the
campaign and during the current
administration so I think that there's
sort of like a three pronged approach to
take here and you know to be super clear
I'm of course willing to have my mind
changed on on any of these things and I
I think that really figuring out my
ultimate goal is really just to figure
out what did happen what didn't happen
and most importantly were any crimes
committed so I think that to start with
the catalyst for what is now known as
Robert Moeller's special investigation
was the possibility that Donald Trump or
people involved with his campaign or
administration quote colluded with
Russia or individuals associated with
the Russian government in ways that
might have been illegal now we don't yet
know whether that did or didn't happen
and I don't I don't pretend that we know
but what I sort of focused on at this
point because again there's an
investigation going on right so we we
will by definition we don't know or at
least I hope we don't know everything
that Robert Muller knows there's a
couple different things to think about
number one is there's been a lot of
focus on the law not using the word
collusion and we've seen the narrative
shift from there was no collusion to
collusion isn't actually a crime and I
think that that's sort of a semantic
argument that's not really relevant here
right so I think that if we want to talk
about prong one which is quote collusion
we really need to think about well where
things are valued solicited implicitly
or explicitly from foreign nationals for
example in connection with with
elections if there's things of value
that have been solicited or that the
Trump administration was
interested in accepting that may be a
crime and again there's an investigation
going on we're gonna have to wait and I
think when we look at Donald Trump jr.
being offered quote dirt on Hillary and
responding if it's what you say I love
it especially later in the summer that
is certainly an openness to accept
materials of value from foreign
nationals and initially we were told
that the lawyer in question Natalia
vessel mats kaya has no connection to
the Kremlin we've since found out that
actually dating back many years she was
working with the Kremlin including on a
defense of a fraud case against the
Russian company and more recently
admitting that she was actually
reporting to a Russian government
official so there we basically have
effectively colloquially Donald Trump
jr. soliciting opposition research from
a foreign national for which there is
value opposition research something that
costs a lot of money we know that
because how much money Cambridge
analytical was paid for the work that
they were doing so that's an offer that
was clearly from someone that would be a
foreign national under the law it was
about Hillary Clinton meaning it's about
a US election so that that would be if
we want to talk about quote collusion
that's something I would look at pretty
directly in addition the other element I
think is important is that there was at
least the implied offer from Donald
Trump jr. to help work on a repeal of
the Magnitsky Act which put sanctions on
Russia that would be a quid pro quo and
again I'm not a lawyer we don't know
what Robert Muller knows but I've spoken
to lawyers who say that that also
escalates the the potential criminality
just as one more sort of element and
there's lots of these for this this
possible coordination we know that Trump
campaign advisor George papadopolis did
meet with a Russian agent who also said
he has dirt on Hillary Clinton later
bragged about Russia getting damaging
Clinton emails lied to the FBI about
contacts with Russia so while we will
not really know the full scope of
so-called collusion and I don't pretend
to know I think that there is more than
enough circumstantial evidence that this
should be in
negation and that's what I support right
I'm not making any claims about my
knowledge of specific crimes that didn't
happen but what I am saying is that
anyone who denies that the
circumstantial evidence warrants this
investigation I I disagree with however
then there's sort of like two other
prongs
there's the prong of whether there was
any criminality an attempt made to end
this investigation and once again this
is an ongoing investigation that's going
on were firings that took place possibly
crossing the line into criminal were
there conversations that took place that
could be considered witness tampering
and I present these once again as
questions because by definition this is
an ongoing investigation and this is why
I have a problem with the sort of
absolutist denialist who say their
definitive definitively were no crimes
period because we don't know that all we
have is the circumstantial information
which I would argue more than justifies
the investigation that's going on and
I'm glad to sort of delve more into the
the obstruction side of the conversation
and in the interest of sort of getting
to the third prong here there is no
doubt that it's legally well within
Robert Muller scope to explore any
possible crimes that he and his
investigators suspect may have been
committed as a result of the
investigation into both potential quote
collusion and obstruction and I I think
that there's no doubt at this point that
money-laundering is a very very high
probability when you look at a number of
different deals involving many many
different countries including countries
in the Middle East including Russia and
Russian individuals as well through
condo purchases potentially with
inflated values and whether that is part
of the Russia story or not sort of
depends on where you draw the line but
certainly there's no doubt that those
concerns for the Moller team have
stemmed from their initial investigation
and to sort of put a final point on it
and then I'm obviously super curious to
hear Ray's perspective on this I think
that a lot of what is going on
is self-inflicted by Donald Trump in the
sense that if from day one if the first
time that anything about Russia is
mentioned Donald Trump doesn't tweet
about it says simply I support the full
investigation I know I will be
vindicated and in the meantime I'm going
to work on my political agenda I think
anywhere from seventy to ninety percent
of what's going on now never happens and
it's been self-inflicted wound after
self-inflicted wound carried out by the
president so that's the the sort of
general overview of my position all
right thank you very much David Ray it's
your turn to talk to us for a few
minutes so the floor is yours well I
have to agree with David about
self-inflicted wounds on the part of
Donald Trump I mean you couldn't have a
worse a worst character to heap scorn on
himself he lies all the time
the question is what happened with
respect to Russian meddling so to speak
in the 2016 election and that's what
we're dealing with here we're not
dealing with whether these guys are
crooks I mean you have to be blind or
deaf and not to realize that you're
dealing with bunch of crooks
money laundry as the name of the game
what are they doing with manna fort well
they've got the book on writer fort and
so they say look metaphor you know we
can we can push your way for thirty five
years
um don't you remember doctor remember
Trump telling you about collusion with
with Russia if you could just remember
that oh yes think about if you could
remember that yeah bro we could probably
get you off with the six months
suspended sentence that's the way Muller
works the record is very clear when we
talk about crooks he's one of them it's
always call me so let me just backtrack
for a second and refer to the fact that
I've been watching Russian leaders for
over a half a century actually
fifty-five years it's almost exactly 55
years since I joined the CIA
an analyst of Soviet foreign policy so
watch Russian leaders look at the world
very very close way and when I think
about the 206 2016 election now here is
pushing or watching the campaign and
said his advisers around reducing oh my
god this Trump Wow what a character
he's unpredictable he brags about being
predictable and he lashes out at the
slightest slight whether it's real or
imagined oh man this is gonna be really
fun
this is just the guy I want to have with
his fingers on the nuclear codes I do
all we can to help them help them win
now if that sounds ridiculous it's
because it is ridiculous there is no no
suggestion in Russian statements or
Russian TV shows and I have people
watching this very closely to suggest
that there was a preference that there
was a preference to Donald for Donald
Trump
of a Hillary Clinton that's pretty much
the basic premise here now a sub subset
here is that quote everyone knew Hillary
Clinton would win
okay now Comey says that in his book I
call me explains that he felt he could
do the things he did which many of which
were clearly illegal clearly
unconstitutional because he was as he
put it he was it operating in an
environment where Hillary was going to
win and so what Hillary wins you know
who's gonna hold him to account for
taking wild liberties with the law and
the Constitution so no just to put it
into this point if Hillary is gonna win
if the New York Times had it 83%
that she was gonna win on the morning of
the election you're mr. poutine right
and you're sitting back there anything
my god uh everybody thinks he'll are you
gonna win but you know I think just for
fun yeah yeah that's what I think I'll
go I'll miss you
the DNC of the Democratic National
Committee computers and so I can find
you know she'll follow she'll find it
out and I won't be good for you should
be remorse toward me then but let's just
for fun
yeah suddenly give me a break there was
no percentage in poutine messing around
and the Democratic National Committee
computers so what do we have here we
have any evidence well no we don't all
we have his claims by corrupt people
working for the Democratic National
Committee and I have to say that what
David talked about opposition research
well yeah neglected to mention that
Hillary Clinton and the DNC played mega
paid mega bucks through a cutout to have
an ex UK spy do quote opposition
research turning up scurrilous detail
that even Comey admitted was scurrilous
about Trump cavorting with prostitutes
in Moscow well before he ever became a
candidate and you know it really is is
not quite right to talk about opposition
research without talking about both
sides so what we have here is a
situation where well I'll just I'll just
mention one other thing it's not widely
known we veteran intelligence
professionals for sanity will include by
the way too formal former technical
directors from the National Security
Agency the NSA we asked Obama formally
and a memorandum before he left office
would you please would you please make
clear what evidence there is that a the
russians hacked in to the DNC and be
they gave it to to WikiLeaks okay now it
turns out that what Obama said on the
18th of January just before two days
before he left office he said you know
the Russian heck so to speak in quotes
for my purposes
we don't know how it got the wiki leaks
at these conclusive results namely and
that NSA FBI CIA memorandum turned out
to be quote inconclusive in quote
Obama's words the other thing I'll just
mention is that in this spurious
memorandum which is an embarrassment to
intelligence analysis that I've been
with this problem 50 years the one that
they gave to to the president-elect of
the 6th of January there's a sort of a
left-handed compliment to WikiLeaks can
what they say is the reason the Russian
tank was given to WikiLeaks is because
of their of their reputation I'm not
fooling around with the information for
not shading it anyway but just putting
it out as is whoa so there's it there's
a reality here Julian Assange has never
ever been successfully criticized for
having molded or shaped or fixed what he
puts out it was all the real deal and
the last thing I'll say is what was the
real deal the real deal was the
Democratic National Committee documents
the emails that Julian Assange
advertised that he had on the 12th of
June 2016 and which he released in a
readily searchable manner on the 22nd of
July just three days before the
Democratic National Convention and what
did they say well people need to know
that what they said was that Hillary
Clinton stole the election from Bernie
Sanders it's pure it's pure that's give
me you know if you don't believe me why
did the white get the top five officials
of the National Democratic National
Committee quit on the spot okay that was
three days before the election okay
that's pretty embarrassing but what
happened
well groundwork had had already been
laid to divert attention and what was in
those emails to later the rush into it
why did the rush into it why would a
white arrest now even Hillary Clinton's
PR person Jennifer
Gary admitted but that was a really hard
sell a really hard sell until until we
got back to Brooklyn and what is
Jennifer Palmieri say then he says well
then we got intelligence people and
correspondents journalists in touch with
intelligence people and they gave us
they gave us the material about Russian
colluding with Russian and then the
Obama administration started I started
confirming that then we were off and
running and so that's that I heard this
personally from Jennifer Palmieri right
after the election so the whole thing
was prepared what what the situation
here is I would like to drive home is
that Russian collusion was initially
prepared as a magnificent distraction I
remember the movie magnificent obsession
well this is a magnificent distraction
what was in those emails and was in
those emails showed that Hillary stole
the nomination for Bernie Sanders so if
you're going to look at you know why why
we have this in my view of the worst
president the United States has ever had
in office you know you can lay that at
Hillary Clinton because had she not had
she not stolen the nomination for me
Sanders we would be looking at that
president Bernie Sanders now we would
not be looking at the terrible situation
both domestically and abroad
so you know don't blame the Russians for
God's sake without any evidence blame
Hillary Clinton all right ray thank you
very much David you have I don't know
reasonable amount how doesn't say three
minutes but there's no clock running a
reasonable amount of time to respond to
what ray just said yeah so listen it's
difficult in a sense to respond to what
Ray said because it has very very little
to do with any of what's actually going
on with Russia so let's see if I can
just look at a few of the points that
Ray made and a lot of these points I'm
having sort of a little bit of trouble
parsing the narrative because these
there were a lot of things that are just
kind of all over the place so first and
foremost ray
talked about the DNC primary being
rigged against Bernie Sanders and for
Hillary Clinton I I agree with him I
reported on that extensively I voted for
Bernie Sanders I don't know if Bernie
Sanders would have defeated Donald Trump
in a general election race it would have
been a different race but it has no
bearing whatsoever on for example the
Trump Tower meeting and its legality so
that's first and foremost the idea that
there is no sort of chain of custody of
hacked information between Russian
actors and the Trump campaign is just
patently untrue right we have extensive
reporting about the direct connection
between both Roger stone a Trump advisor
and Donald Trump jr.
and WikiLeaks Julian Assange we have
learned a great deal about the
intermediary between the hacker known as
gusoff err gucchy 42.0 and WikiLeaks and
we have extensive information about the
actions of that hacker who tried to
present himself as a Romanian individual
but indeed was actually a Russian
individual but again it has no actual
bearing on for example whether the Trump
Tower meeting was illegal ray also
mentioned that hey listen if you're
gonna talk about opposition research
which I did you also have to talk about
the fact that Hillary Clinton also
bought opposition research whether
Hillary Clinton also it opposition
research has no bearing whatsoever on
whether the Trump Tower meeting was
illegal or whether the firings that took
place to end the investigation by robert
muller constitute obstruction of justice
ray also talked about fired FBI director
James Comey and whether James Comey did
or didn't act in good faith it's a great
conversation to have it's one that I'm
I'm open to having but whether James
Comey did or didn't act in good faith is
simply not an argument that relates to
what the Trump campaign objectively did
and ray started his presentation by
saying that Russian leaders who he's
been following for a very very long time
have always tried to sow chaos in
Western democracies
that's absolutely true if you look at
Alexander
Dugan's book the foundations of
geopolitics from 1997 you see that this
has been the Russian mo for a very long
time but again it is simply not an
argument that negates or refutes any of
the facts that I put forward so I think
that what Rey has brought up are all
interesting topics and relevant in a
certain context but they in no wait may
actually relate to what we're discussing
today and finally and then I'll turn
this over Tom the idea that the steel
dossier had only inaccuracies in it has
been widely debunked and every week we
learn about another element of that
dossier that has actually been confirmed
the Carter page trips to Moscow and
meetings with Russian officials my
Cancun's role in pursuing business
opportunities for Trump in Russia the
allegations that were initially denied
by Trump that he had spent several
nights in Moscow in 2013 around that
pageant which was initially completely
denied by Trump we now know from
airplane records that it's actually true
in other words every week another
element of the steel dossier is
confirmed to be true so I on the facts
that that Ray tried to assert to
contradict me I think he's wrong on the
fact and then most of what he said just
doesn't actually relate to the
discussion today all right ray now you
