[Music]
the david pakman show at david
pakman.com i'm going to need us as a
collective community of critical
thinkers to think very carefully about
what I am about to report to you and it
relates to an interview that Donald
Trump gave to Reuters yesterday and in
this interview Donald Trump said that
he's worried that what he says to robert
muller if he agrees to be interviewed by
robert muller or his investigators as
part of this trump russia investigation
Trump believes that what he says to
Muller would be used to bring perjury
charges against him in that
investigation now let's look at the
wording that Donald Trump used in the
interview when he said this because this
is sort of the foundation upon which our
analysis will be built Trump said quote
yesterday so if I say something and he
Comey says something else and it's my
word against his and he's best friends
with Muller so Muller might say well I
believe Comey and even if I'm telling
the truth that makes me a liar that's no
good so the easy reading of this is hey
if you don't want to be charged with
perjury don't lie to investigators
federal agents period the argument that
Trump and his lawyers are making and
have been making is that Donald Trump's
statements will be unfairly used to
charge him with perjury Meany merely at
the discovery of any discrepancy with
what another witness has said Trump will
be unfairly charged with perjury so
there's two really important elements to
analyze here once is this concept of a
perjury trap and then the other is that
Trump is effectively pleading the fifth
here I want to talk more about perjury
trap because this is the the
misinformation around that has gotten so
ridiculous that we've got to pick it
apart but let's start with the pleading
the fifth thing here Donald Trump is not
literally pleading the fifth which lets
you not
if I against yourself in order to avoid
self-incrimination but what Trump is
doing is effectively it's like a de
facto pleading the fifth Trump is
worried that his statements will be self
incriminating fairly or unfairly Trump
would say unfairly so Trump is
considering not giving statements to
Robert Muller
now Trump has said time and again that
innocent people don't plead the fifth
remember this as just one example shoes
people take you in the Fifth Amendment
for people plus the guy who illegally
did the server you know he put in the
illegal server so there are five people
taking the Fifth Amendment like you see
on the mob right you see the mob takes
of it if you're innocent why you taking
the Fifth Amendment yeah so there are
many of these I won't play them all I
won't show you all the tweets it's been
applied to Hillary Clinton to staffers
to people in Trump's business past all
sorts of people that Trump is said if
you're innocent you don't plead the
fifth
so Trump once again if you aren't guilty
when law enforcement wants to talk to
you you talk to them and Trump is
violating his own standard here but the
reason why he would say he's violating
it is because here there is this unfair
desire to set a perjury trap against
Trump let's break this down first of all
what is perjury perjury is when you
willfully tell an untruth in a court or
investigation under oath this can
include to a grand jury this can include
to investigators perjury is the willful
telling of untruths you're not going to
be charged with perjury if your comments
because of lack of recollection or lack
of specificity or lack of detail simply
don't align with what another witness
said because perjury is the willful
telling of lies and perjury convictions
are difficult to get because it's tough
to figure out legally speaking or to
prove legally speaking that someone was
willfully telling lies so Trump's
framing that any accidental or
coincidental inaccuracies or conflicts
with what for example James Comey has
told Robert Muller will get him charged
with perjury are ridiculous at their
face because perjury conviction
are really difficult to get and
prosecutors aren't going to just
willy-nilly try to get soft perjury
charges in this way but the most
important part of this is not the
definition of perjury which again means
the willful telling of untruths a
perjury trap is a real thing but it's
prosecutorial misconduct prosecutors get
in trouble for setting perjury traps
even though it happens incredibly rarely
and there is a definition for what it
means to set a perjury trap a perjury
trap is when you call a witness in to
testify without any real suspicion that
the person has already committed crimes
solely with the intent of getting them
to lie under oath to make that the one
and only crime that you charge them with
perjury traps almost never happen at the
federal level and in fact no US federal
court has ever accepted a motion to
dismiss because of claimed perjury traps
period okay we already know that molars
team has been talking to everybody from
Trump's personal lawyer Michael Cohen to
White House lawyer dun began to
everybody in between about actions taken
by Trump that might constitute
obstruction of justice by definition
that already means the perjury trap
accusation would be bogus if trump
perjures himself it is not a trap set
without any reason to think Trump may
have already committed other crimes
Trump is part of this because he may
have committed other crimes perjury
traps are when you have nothing on
somebody and you want to get them to
perjure themselves it simply doesn't
apply here yeah it is bogus but it's
what the Trump lawyers have to go with
this has to be their strategy because
Trump is a pathological liar I mean he
just speaks that way he speaks in
hyperbole so there's no way he could go
into an interview with robert muller and
not come out of it having told 10-plus
live and it's not even the hyperbole
it's that he thinks he's smarter than
everybody else and they won't be able to
figure out whether he's lying and
unfortunately even though I'm telling
you don't fall for the perjury trap
nonsense and there are some other
journalists telling you don't fall for
the perjury trap nonsense Rudy Giuliani
is doing a really good job of spreading
the nonsense and people are starting to
buy it they are starting to believe that
a perjury trap is being set for Donald
Trump here when it literally does not
apply to the circumstances by the way
also notable Trump said in the same
interview with Reuters that if he wanted
to he could take over the Moller
investigation but he's choosing not to
Trump said quote I can go in and I could
do whatever I could run it if I want but
I decided to stay out I'm totally
allowed to be involved if I wanted to be
so far I haven't chosen to be involved
I'll stay out legally I mean who knows
if that's the case I don't I'm worn out
from the perjury trap debunking that I
don't even have the energy to get into
that part he wants the Russian officials
to also investigate their own meddlings
yeah we can have Trump and the Russians
investigate Trump Russia that'd be great
Putin made an incredible offer which is
that Trump can partner with Russians and
they together can investigate
I guess themselves because they are the
ones at this point suspected of the
wrongdoing okay yesterday I told you
about this book which claims that Donald
Trump is a Mafia owned Russian asset the
book is called house of Trump house of
Putin the untold story of Donald Trump
and the Russian mafia it's by
investigative journalist Craig Unger and
one claim made in the book among many is
that
Unger said to Newsweek during an
interview about the book that he has a
reason to believe there's a Russian
asset in the White House who Unger
believes is an actual Russian agent but
that part is not 100% clear but at
minimum that there is a Russian asset
working at the White House that is tied
to Russian intelligence I don't know if
the story I'm about to tell you is
related to Craig angers book or not it's
not clear whether this is the person
that Unger was thinking about or talking
about but Democrats in the House of
Representatives are now investigating
national security adviser John Bolton's
ties to the same suspected Russian spy
Marie abou Tina who was recently
indicted and this is just a stunning
convergence of multiple angles of the
Fiasco that is the Trump administration
and I'm gonna do my best to break it
down for you because it's starting to
get very convoluted we've got Part A
which is Craig angers claimed that
there's a Russian asset working at the
White House
Part B from a few weeks ago is that
Maria boo Tina was indicted for being an
unregistered foreign agent
and for conspiracy to act she is
believed to be an agent of the Russian
government working in the United States
on Russia's behalf without properly
disclosing it
we learned that booty nough got access
not only to high-level executives at the
National Rifle Association which has
been a possible and likely conduit of
Russian money to the Trump campaign boo
Tina also got access to officials at the
Federal Reserve boo Tina got access to
officials at the Treasury Department and
to at least one congressman that we know
about our friend congressman Russia as I
know him Dana Rohrabacher a Republican
from California what we now have our
Democratic congressman Elijah Cummings
and Stephen Lynch who want documents
from chief of staff John Kelly related
to whether John Bolton reported his
previous work with this alleged Russian
spy on his security clearance forms or
on other White House vetting materials
it's suspected that the current national
security adviser to the President of the
United States john bolton
trump's third NSA by the way is tied
directly to suspected Russian spy maria
boo tina through a video that bolton
participated in for a booty 'no
organized gun rights roundtable
promoting gun rights in russia
this actually was reported months ago by
NPR this was in March of 2018 at the
time bolton wasn't yet the national
security adviser he became national
security advisor in april and the
details reported by NPR did not get as
much attention as they probably should
have and what we now know is that in
2013 john bolton participated in a
roundtable discussion organized by the
same maria boo tina who has been
indicted and what democrats are asking
for our documents related to whether
bolton discussed the contacts that he no
doubt had with someone presumably boo
tina if not others involved in that
group when he was invited and agreed to
participate in this russian gun rights
thing which by the way how who even gets
involved in
advocating for Russian gun rights I
guess the NRA wants it because it helps
them sell more guns for their clients I
don't know but every time you shake a
tree as I saw written on Reddit
yesterday a Russian drops out of it and
I what is the explanation going to be my
guess is if you ask me do I think that
Bolton put anything about the work he
did with this Russian gun rights group
and his contacts potentially with boo
Tina herself on his sf-86 forum my guess
is like Jared Kushner he forgot to
include that on the forum yeah I mean in
response they'll just deny everything
here and I think they can get away with
that especially because even I'm
skeptical about this connection in a way
because john bolton is a neocon and you
know his words and actions haven't
exactly been pro-russia throughout the
years sure like he supports regime
change in Syria which of course Putin in
Bashar al-assad are aligned he also said
that the 2016 election meddling was an
act of war and that the u.s. negotiates
with Russia at its peril so I'm gonna
hold out judgement for now well then if
there's no reason to hide these contacts
I'm sure that they are on his sf-86 form
right yeah I'd love to see that si form
yup
I think they're probably not on there
and this is listen this is just Trump's
national security adviser he mostly gets
coffee and makes dinner reservations for
people on Trump staff this is not like a
oh wait a second it's the National
Security Advisor
yeah that's pretty serious so let's get
those records but I don't think anybody
will be surprised if the sf-86 forum is
missing any reference to this
organization or to Maria boo Tina or
whoever his contact was and what I want
to remind you of it's now gonna have to
become a daily reminder Pat's furious
with me that I'm doing this but it has
to be a daily reminder
nothing will happen unless Republicans
lose control on November 6 2018
period let's make it happen let me know
on Twitter
what you think about this I'm on Twitter
at D Pakman and the show is on Twitter
at David Pakman show the david pakman
show at david pakman
[Music]
[Music]
the david pakman show at david
pakman.com the David Pakman show is
independent progressive media and it's
mostly funded by great people in our
audience through the membership program
today two of those great people out our
new member of the day Robert raining and
sustaining member of the day Rick cook
who's been with us since 2013
Robert Rick thank you join them vote
with your dollars for media you support
at WWJ in pokémon comm coupon code is
available if you want the discount
there's no vetting okay it's not
means-tested if you want the discount
you can get 40% off with the coupon code
vote soon 18 if you don't want the
discount then by all means pay full
price and we appreciate everybody
regardless of how much they pay maybe we
can't keep giving out these discounts I
was looking at the numbers yeah it's
unsustainable Pat's concerned he made a
frantic 3 a.m. phone call not to Michael
Flynn but to our attorney I'm sorry to
our accountant and notified him about
all these discounts that are flying out
the door now take the discount by all
means I welcome people who take the
discount I have been very critical of
Alexandria Acacio Cortese when she
doesn't know stuff or when she says
things that don't make sense and have
actually been so critical of her that
people in the audience have written to
me and they said David you're not being
fair to her even if she's not an expert
on every issue she has the right ideas
and we should support her because she
will learn by doing so my point in
pressing the story with that is to
remind you that I am by no means an
irrational knee-jerk defender of
Alexandria Casio Cortes if anything I'm
the opposite I've been critical where I
feel she deserves criticism she is now
being slammed completely unfairly as
some articles have put it for quote
banning the press from her events the
truth is that what Alexandria Acacio
courts has did is hold some town halls
in New York that were open to the public
but media was not allowed in this is
part of a listening tour that she did in
the Bronx
Queens that's where she's running and
she's being slammed for banning the
press she's being completely pillaged
for lack of transparency and these
criticisms I hate to break it to you are
completely ridiculous and absolutely
fabricated her response on Twitter to
this controversy was to say that quote
our community is 50% immigrant folks are
victims of domestic violence trafficking
and have personal medical issues this
town hall was designed for residents to
feel safe discussing sensitive issues in
a threatening political time we
indicated previously that it would be
closed to press this is a stupid reason
to criticize her if you want to go after
Alexandria Acacio cortes because she
said silly things about the unemployment
rate go ahead and do it if you want to
critique her because she seems confused
about the israeli-palestinian conflict
if that's what you believe then go ahead
and critique her for that if you want to
even debate the merits of a listening
tour have that debate okay I have no
problem with that even if you want to
debate whether closing events to press
is a good or bad idea as a campaign
strategy have that conversation but
having events that are close to the
press is just not a story and you
devalue your criticisms when you say
that this is tantamount to banning the
press or in any way censorship and it is
these angry irate people who are crying
wolf
every single member of Congress I think
everyone if not almost everyone has
private fundraising events there is no
press scrutiny other than general
scrutiny of we would like to know what
it is that they are saying to donors
behind closed doors and of course I also
would like to know this is a town hall
for constituents and the press is simply
not guaranteed access to everything
Alexandria Acacio cortes does criticize
ur where it matters where it makes sense
but this is simply dumb and you know if
you're outraged that a candidate met
with a donor in private okay well let's
let's talk about that if you're outraged
that an elected official Grit gave a
private speech somewhere let's talk
about that but this was not a Prescott
France and this is not even a defense of
her policies or her ideas this is merely
saying this is a completely manufactured
scandal you don't have to allow press
into everything you do and it's
perfectly reasonable to meet with would
be or actual constituents without media
in there and it is a devaluing of the
criticisms of Alexandria Acacio Cortez
to go after her for this yeah I mean if
Alexandria Ocasio Cortez never allowed
the media into her speaking engagements
then maybe we'd have something
approaching a scandal or if she allowed
MSNBC and Mother Jones into the room but
you know not Fox News and Breitbart
okay we could have that conversation
we're not approaching any of this stuff
there's just nothing here there's
nothing here and it is a total joke to
see people on the right but also even
some on the left fall for criticizing
her about this and it there are plenty
of things about which Alexandria Acacio
Cortes should be criticized and I've
criticized her for some of those but the
fact that sometimes she meets with
constituents or would-be constituents
without the media there is simply not a
story I have a completely surreal piece
of video to play for you our fearless
orange leader Donald Trump did an event
at the White House yesterday to honor
some officials that are in Border Patrol
immigration customs officials who did
great things and at a certain point
during this event Donald Trump brings an
officer on stage who is apparently
Hispanic and mentions in his invite for
the officer to come on stage that the
officer quote speaks perfect English why
is this even a topic of discussion well
we'll talk about that here's the video
and audio from Donald Trump Adrienne
come here I want to ask you a question
so how did you come to commit you're not
