this is a really bizarre story I don't
really know any other word for it we've
talked about the sort of macro insanity
of the Brett Kavanaugh sexual assault
story we now have multiple allegations
against him from Christine Blasi Ford
from Deborah Ramirez there are
allegations that Cavanaugh was involved
in plying women along with others with
alcohol in order to as a pretext to the
possible a gang rape of these women he
made a very strange statement where he
said he definitely wasn't at the party
where Christine Blasi Ford was allegedly
almost raped but how would you know you
weren't at that specific party if it
didn't happen and you weren't there is
none of it really makes sense right
that's the macro of it so anyway we're
waiting on the hearing to see what dr.
Ford has to say to hear Brett
Cavanaugh's defense senators have been
sort of working out exactly when it's
going to be and in the middle of this
Republican Senator Chuck Grassley
appears to have accidentally tweeted
something that he meant to text to Brett
Kavanaugh Grassley is 85 years old he's
the chair of the Senate Judiciary
Committee meaning he's running the
confirmation hearings for Cavanaugh to
the Supreme Court he's running the
scheduling he's making decisions about
what's happening when and late on Friday
close to midnight Eastern Time on Friday
he tweets the following quote judge
Cavanaugh I just granted another
extension to dr. Ford to decide if she
wants to proceed with the statement she
made last week to testify to the Senate
she should decide so we can move on I
want to hear her I hope you understand
it's not my normal approach to be
indecisive this doesn't really read like
a normal public tweet that a senator
would deliberately send at midnight it
reads more to me like this was supposed
to be a private text message to Brett
Kavanaugh at the same time Grassley does
tweet in generally confusing and unclear
ways so like here's another example of
Grassley's shorthand that he has used in
tweets he once tweeted quote five times
now we've granted extension for dr. Ford
to decide if she wants to proceed with
her desire stated one week ago
that she wants to tell the senator story
dr. Ford if you changed your mind say so
so we can move on I want to hear your
testimony come to us or we to you so on
the one hand it does seem like his first
message was meant to be like a private
text to Brett Kavanaugh on the other
hand particularly for an 85 year old guy
who was not necessarily raised in the
era of social media shorthand he does
seem to regularly use some pretty
consistent shorthand everything about
this story is bizarre down to the
communications between Grassley and
Cavanaugh yeah he looked into the
character count on that first tweet yeah
it was 272 just eight character shy of
the 280 Twitter limit yeah so that
suggests to me that he wrote it up and
then had to delete some characters and
so maybe he thought he was tweeting but
that's that's not something that you
want release with the public that's
something you tell someone one-on-one
yeah yeah maybe he thought it was a
direct message I don't know there's so
many questions here do you think he's
direct messaging with Brett Kavanaugh
that would be even more shocking it may
be this is the transparency we've been
waiting for like instead of
communicating with Kavanaugh privately
Grassley does it through public Twitter
posts just directed at Kavanagh and as
far as the subject matter in Grassley's
defense although he might be sort of
stumbling around in the dark
technologically he does actually seem to
want to get the hearing done with the
Cavanaugh accuser
but he wants to get it done merely to
say we did it we we heard from her and
now we're ready to confirm Brett
Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court and of
course we now have even more information
to suggest that that's what they want to
do because we learned that last week
they were notified about the existence
of a second accuser Debra Ramirez and
instead of saying stop the presses
stop this from going forward we've got
to go back to the drawing board and
investigate all of this stuff
Republicans instead said oh we've got to
hurry up we've got to hurry up and get
Cavanaugh approved for life to the
Supreme Court confirmed for life before
this blows up in our faces now I want to
give you one example of what I mean when
I say Republicans don't care what
Christine Blasi Ford says they just want
to say we heard from her now we're ready
to move on Republican Senator Lindsey
Graham Graham says it doesn't matter
what she says he's not going to change
his
the hearing hasn't happened but he's
saying the content of it is irrelevant
he said on Fox News Sunday yesterday
quote you can't bring it in a criminal
court you would never sue civilly you
couldn't even get a warrant what am I
supposed to do go ahead and ruin this
guy's life based on an accusation I
don't know when it happened I don't know
where it happened and everybody named in
regard to being there said it didn't
happen there's a huge difference between
ruining his life and simply saying he
shouldn't be one of nine appointed for
life judges on the highest court in the
land right that's not the same thing I
can't ruin his life by not buying him a
Lamborghini well there's a difference
between ruining someone's life and not
getting them the luxury sports car that
they want right and the point is the
Republicans who want the hearing don't
want it because they might hear what dr.
Ford has to say and then decide you know
what I can't vote for this guy they want
to do it just so they can check the box
say they did it and move on to confirm
confirming him I don't think any
Republicans are willing to change their
votes
yeah and Lindsey Graham is making it
seem as though we're prosecuting
Cavanaugh and they're proving these
allegations beyond a reasonable doubt
sure that's not what the standard is
here it's just weighing it out out in
the court of public opinion and among
those 100 senators who will vote to
confirm and making a decision as to
whether they are comfortable giving this
guy a job for life deciding the most
important legal cases out there period
for the United States for as long as he
wants to be on the court the answer is
clearly no we actually have other news
related to Brett Kavanaugh as well a lot
of Brett Cavanaugh stuff today so we
talked about the background earlier just
now about sexual assault allegations
against Brett Cavanaugh we had Christine
Blasi for to come forward allegations
from high school we had Deborah Ramirez
come forward allegations from college
about forcing his penis into her face
and and forcing her to touch it without
consent we now have learned about an
individual named James Roche James Roche
was Brett Cavanaugh's roommate at Yale
in 1983 during the time that the Deborah
Ramirez incident allegedly took place
and James Roche has now given an
interview and put out a statement
and what James wrote says is not good
for Cavanaugh he says quote basically
that he believes the accuser sang quote
we shared a two-bedroom unit in the
basement of Lawrence Hall on the old
campus despite our living conditions
Bret and I did not socialize beyond the
first few days of freshman year we
talked at night as freshman roommates do
and I would see him as he returned from
nights out with his friends going on to
say it is from this experience that I
concluded that although Brett was
normally reserved he was a notably heavy
drinker even by the standards of the
time meaning college freshmen in this
this in the early eighties and that he
became aggressive and belligerent when
he was very drunk I did not observe the
specific incident in question but I do
remember Brett frequently drinking
excessively and becoming in coherently
drunk this is important because
Cavanaugh denies drinking to this degree
now as far as the accuser Debbie Ramirez
James Roach again this is Cavanaugh's
college roommate went on the record and
in a statement said quote she stood out
as being exceptionally honest with a
trusting manner as we got to know one
another
I discovered that Debbie was very
worried about fitting in she felt that
everyone at Yale was very rich very
smart and very sophisticated and that as
a Puerto Rican woman from a less
privileged background she was an
outsider her response was to try hard to
make friends and get along how could it
be that so many people are now saying
that Brett Kavanaugh either did certain
things or is exactly the type of guy who
would have done certain things when he
had 65 girls who knew him in high school
who said he's just a great guy now he
did go to an all-boys Catholic school
it's weird to me that 65 girls knew him
well enough to make statements on the
record about exactly what kind of a guy
he was that's a little bit odd but we
can skip over that right now because I
want to sort of circle all of this stuff
Pat back to something that is really
important that has been forgotten
because of all of these sexual assault
allegations which are important the
story about his tens or hundreds of
thousands of dollars of debt related to
baseball tickets is still out there and
it's really a concerning situation I
forgot all about that stuff it feels
like it happened a
years ago the story is important and I
don't want you to let the sketchy debt
story go away
because of the sexual assault stories I
don't want the sexual assault stories to
be ignored because of the perjury stuff
but the sexual assault can be more
easily shrugged off by Republicans by
saying as they will accusers sometimes
lie it's been a long time
these are smears it's a smear campaign
the $200,000 in sketchy baseball ticket
debt can't be explained away as easily
and it's also a much more complicated
story to figure out what it is that
Brett Kavanaugh actually was doing it is
extraordinarily shady but almost
nobody's talking about it anymore and if
you've forgotten about this or never
knew about it to begin with Brett
Kavanaugh had a bunch of debt that was
sort of mysteriously and very quickly
paid off in advance of his 2017
financial disclosure his claim is that
he was buying baseball tickets for
friends on his credit cards and that
then his friends would pay him back and
that he had racked up a ton of debt on
the credit cards but he was paid back lo
and behold by the time he filed this
2017 financial disclosure the debt was
completely gone but does that really
make sense to anybody because it's very
weird that a guy who is not rich at the
time based on his net worth it doesn't
really make sense that he'd be amassing
these tens of thousands of dollars on a
rolling basis adding up to a couple
hundred thousand dollars in credit card
debt reportedly for baseball tickets and
then it all goes away
and we don't know how and it just
absolutely stinks and it's the
sexual-assault stuff is important if he
perjured himself it's important but
there's been no reasonable explanation
for this debt being paid off either yeah
and there were plenty of other judges
conservative judges that Trump could
have picked and I wonder if you know the
sexual assault allegations and maybe to
a lesser extent the baseball ticket
stuff will be a reason for Senate
Republicans to pull the plug on Kavanagh
sometime soon and rush through someone
else I don't think it's their call see
that's the thing the what the
Republicans seem to be doing is
trying to move full speed ahead senator
corn and put out a statement yesterday
saying that if nothing new comes from
Thursday's hearing they're gonna vote on
Cavanaugh Cavanaugh in committee and in
the chamber before adjourn in Friday
that's like three days from now so I
think that as long as Trump doesn't say
we've got to pull them as long as
Cavanaugh doesn't say I'm gonna go away
because it's becoming a distraction I
think the Republicans are sort of
committed to just trying to get him
through and I think for them part of it
is they don't want it it's horrible that
it's become this toxic but if they don't
get Cavanaugh through they won't see it
as this was a bad guy who lied had very
weird debts that were paid off suddenly
and had multiple sexual assault
accusations against them they will say
the Dems won they prevented us from
appointing this guy they get a win we
get a loss even though you shouldn't
want an alleged serial sex assault or on
the Supreme Court so I think that if if
no one else pulls the plug Republicans
are going for it yeah there are some
political pundits saying that if
Cavanaugh is rushed through despite all
of these allegations not getting heard
yeah then he will always have an
asterisk next to his name as a Supreme
Court justice what does that matter in
the end I mean he's going to be able to
serve on the court for what 30 40 years
and that this stuff's not gonna matter
and it's not gonna affect his decision
made only a lifetime appointment Pat
what are you worried about now I do have
to bring this up because the audience
will crush me if I don't did you say
astrick I was thinking about how to
pronounce this word ahead of time and I
still couldn't get it right so yeah if
you want to slam me on that it's fair
game and there's actually one more did
you say pun dent or pundit I think I
said pundit okay let's let's play back
the tape yeah let's do it over let's
roll it back do the entire story over
and cut that out we'll do an overdub
after we go to commercial make sure
you're following the show on instagram
at david pakman show make sure you were
following me on instagram at david
pakman you know who joins me next this
is someone I've been looking forward to
interviewing for a long time you said
we've been working on it since April
since April of 2018
astronaut I guess I have to say retired
astronaut scott kelly is going to join
me he spent a year on the International
station he has a twin brother Mark Kelly
who is of course the husband of former
Congresswoman Gabby Giffords who was
tragically shot in that incident several
years ago now Scott Kelly is going to
join me next I hope you will stay with
us for this one even those of you who
don't love the interviews because I'm
really looking forward to it and I hope
you are as well quick break back after
this I've got for you today the most
cringe-worthy completely bata moment
that any American president in the sort
of modern era of audio-visual recording
has experienced Donald Trump was laughed
at not laughing with but very clearly
laughing at by the entire room of world
leaders at the United Nations General
Assembly yesterday Trump showed up and
he tried the stuff that he says at
rallies of supporters but instead he was
in a room full of world leaders and it
did not go over well what's the phrase
it went over like a lead balloon this
video is so embarrassing
that I almost I'm and the key word is
almost I almost feel bad for the guy but
I don't okay and what Donald Trump did
in the video I'm about to play for you
is he tried to claim that he has
accomplished more in his first two years
as president of the United States than
any other administration in American
history period which is quite a big
claim right you could say we're on track
to do the things I said I would do which
of course would also not be true or some
way make it a less bold statement it's a
ridiculous claim as he made it and the
room made him know that it was
ridiculous
to the point of being literally
laughable settle in for this prepare
yourselves this is what it looks like to
be a total beta on the world stage if
you're allergic to cringe don't watch
this if there are kids in the room get
them out because this is really bad
let's take a look today I stand before
the United Nations General Assembly to
share the extraordinary progress we've
made in less than two years my
administration has accomplished more
than almost any administration
in the history of our country America's
so true
didn't expect that reaction but that's
okay
yes III am like almost feeling slightly
bad for the guy but but I'm not and just
nobody in the room takes him seriously
he's an actual laughing stop stock he is
the literal laughing stock of the
world's leaders and he's talked before
about the United States and the
presidency being laughed at by the world
he was wrong he was talking about Obama
take a listen to this the world is
laughing at us folks they're laughing at
us at our stupidity they laugh at us
laughing at us it's just crazy what's
going on everybody's laughing at us
they're laughing at us
we don't know what we're doing think
we're stupid the whole world is laughing
at us laughing like this that's what's
going on in our country yeah the world
laughs at us folks the world laughs at
it's so funny because I don't remember
laughter at Barack Obama during the
eight years he was president I remember
some laughter with him because he was a
very good speaker and he was able to
very quickly build rapport with with the
audience but now they actually are
laughing at him the entire world is
laughing at Trump world leaders are
laughing at Trump I was just all over
Europe spoke to people in so many
different countries in Europe they are
laughing and scared everywhere and it's
all fun and games and Trump's a
but this is actually more than that
because it's not just Trump it's also
people around him right apparently no
one explained to Trump the dynamics of
speaking at the UN nobody thought maybe
we don't want to put this up on the
teleprompter because when Trump said I
didn't expect that reaction it was
actually like a genuine honest moment
from Trump he really had no idea that
that's how a roomful of world leaders
would react to such a dumb hyperbolic
and unbelievable claim to just laugh at
the absurdity of it and there's a really
interesting other sort of psychological
question which is how is Trump going to
rationalize this after the fact
I saw you an ambassador to the UN nikki
Haley on Fox News I don't even want to
play it for you because it's so so
unbearable but she said something like
oh no they were laughing with him and
they were laughing at the thing he said
after the thing and everybody respected
him and everything I don't even want to
play that people
because it's so dumb I mean that
response would make sense if he was
cracking a joke when you laugh with
someone but that was a serious statement
that he made he was completely serious
and more than likely Trump will say that
people were laughing with him or it was
sort of a brothers-in-arms situation we
all say this stuff we get you good one
Trump he might go on a tirade against
the entire room although it's less
likely in this case because it is the
leaders of basically every every country
around the world this is actually
