welcome welcome
a lot of big news a lot of stuff to talk
about even just since we finished the
show a few hours ago already sort of
like four major breaking stories I'll be
talking about all of them Donald Trump
has fired his national security adviser
HR McMaster Donald Trump restates that
he wants to testify or speak to rather
Robert Moeller Donald Trump's primary
personal attorney on the Trump Russia
investigation call it scandal whatever
has resigned and another I don't even
know what what term to use former
girlfriend a fair mistress of Donald
Trump's asserts that Donald Trump after
they had sexual relations tried to pay
her which sounds very very awkward and
we will be looking at all of those
stories in detail I now have the ability
which people seem to like last time to
actually show you the articles I'm
looking at as I discussed them people
seem to like that during the last
livestream so that's something that will
be going on we also will what else
should I do I guess I should just do
some very very brief livestream stuff
these this is a live stream this is
different from the broadcast show from
the studio and that it is actually alive
you can comment you can talk to me you
can ask questions etc etc you can use
super chat or scream labs comm slash the
david pakman show to ask questions and
send comments both are completely
acceptable methods of sending questions
and comments and I will read them if
it's a question I will answer it if it's
a comment I guess I'll react to it to
the extent that there's anything to
react to and then as always as I make a
habit of doing any new members and
patrons who sign up during the live
stream either at patreon.com slash david
pakman show or david pakman.com slash
membership I will thank you during the
stream and
we do accept cryptocurrency you can read
about that on our website people loving
that and please don't troll the live
chat I love this thing that happens in
the live chat where someone will like
paste a swastika or so or call me a Jew
 and with in before I can even react
they've already been banned by one of
our moderators so they're our moderators
the moderators moderators have been
completely deputized and empowered to
get rid of people as they see fit based
on my guidelines and the guidelines are
what are the guidelines I think it's you
know it when you see it obvious trolling
will get you banned and less obvious
subtle trolling probably won't because
it's so subtle that we won't even notice
what it is that you are doing so let's
get right into Story number one why
don't we which is that Donald Trump now
is saying that he wants to testify in
Robert Muller's Russia investigation
let's take a look at this article from
the hill hopefully ten ads won't pop up
while I'm talking Trump said today he
wants to testify before special counsel
Robert Muller
yes I would like to he said this
happened after John Dowd resigned so I
think that there's actually some PR
value to this because the resignation of
John Dowd combined with the hiring
retaining the retention of a new lawyer
for Trump who has seen more as a type of
guy de Genovese his last name I forget
his first name who would try to push
Trump to fire Muller
this may be a way to indirectly say
listen if I was gonna fire molar and if
dad's resignation was an indication that
that's the direction I was going I
wouldn't be saying I want to testify but
that is the wrong analysis that assumes
that trumps motivation is not to alarm
people with the idea that he's going to
fire Muller I think a more likely
explanation is Trump does want to fire
Muller whether he ultimately will or
won't remains to be seen but the idea of
saying he wants to testify is so later
when he has fired Muller and people say
you clearly had it out for him from the
beginning Trump can say now
I'm on record March 22nd I said I want
to testify for Robert Muller and I meant
it why would I say that if I was just
planning to fire the guy I fired him
because he did something worthy of
firing so I think that's probably the
logic here as the article states Trump
and Dowd found themselves at odds over
how to handle the Russia probe and one
of their disputes was regarding a
potential Trump interview with Muller
president has publicly and privately
said he should sit down with the special
counsel while Dowd advised against it
Trump has long expressed the belief that
he should be able to deliver his
argument personally Tamala that his
campaign did not collude with Moscow's
election meddling efforts so this I mean
if that's if that's an accurate report
that just sort of shows the naivete I
guess I would say of Donald Trump where
Trump thinks that it's all going to be
did you collude with Russia did you
deliberately coordinate with them and
that that's going to be the focus but
the way that these interviews are going
to go and this is why I think Trump's
lawyers to the extent that they were
saying this are making the right move by
saying no no no don't go in and talk to
Muller because Trump's gonna go in there
and the questions aren't going to be mr.
Trump mr. president did you collude no
the questions are going to be super
specific about what Trump knew when
whether he had awareness of X Y or Z and
those are mostly going to be questions
that Muller's team already knows the
answers to because that's how these
investigators work so Trump's naivete
and thinking he'll just go in there and
swear up and down just like he
bamboozles and bullies people in his
business dealings he'll go in there and
just tell Mulder now there's there's no
collusion and Mulder will say oh you
know what I didn't see it that way
I guess you're right shouldn't really
worry about it that's the Trump naivete
as the article indicates some Trump
attorneys and outside legal experts
warned the president could expose
himself to tremendous legal risks if he
makes false statements during an
interview with Muller or his team of
investigators
Muller is also probing whether Trump
obstructed justice in his investigation
into Russian meddling his team
reportedly sent a list of questions to
Trump's lawyers that may come up in a
possible interview I actually I'm
against that
I think that's that's not a good idea I
think it's sort of what I do when we do
interviews and guests ask me for
questions and I say no I'm not I'm not
gonna give you the questions
but I'll let you know what the topics
are going to be I think that that would
have been a better approach but it might
might be something that molars team saw
is necessary the special can this is a
very interesting paragraph the special
counsels office is said to be focused on
the president's role in drafting a
misleading statement about Donald Trump
juniors meeting with a Russian lawyer at
Trump Tower in 2016 in June 2016 the
circumstances surrounding the meeting
and the firings of national security
adviser Michael Flynn and FBI director
James Comey yeah that's an interesting
note because it's long been suggested
that that is a direct way in which Trump
both was complicit in the lies
specifically related to Russia and it
casts a lot of doubt on the possibility
that Trump just knew nothing right I
mean like it's very very hard to believe
that Trump knew that Trump went from
knowing absolutely nothing about any
meeting whatsoever to sing let me get
personally involved in drafting the
response its most logical and again it's
not evidence of anything in and of
itself but it's most logical that this
is something Trump had a sort of general
awareness of and the participation in
that was part of Trump just thinking hey
I'm better than everybody else I know
what to say let me draft it and then
it's all just gonna be fantastic and
nobody's gonna have any questions
whatsoever of course didn't work out
that way right then didn't work out that
way whatsoever okay let me see if
there's anything else here in this
article I wanted to touch on Trump has
indicated he wants a more bare knuckled
approach towards Moeller under dad's
leadership his legal team largely
cooperated the president this week added
longtime Washington lawyer Joseph
digenova
to his legal team the Geneva has argued
the Russia probe is part of an FBI plot
to frame Trump and exonerate Hillary
Clinton so Trump now has a full-blown
conspiracy theorists working for him he
got rid of the lawyer who pretty astute
Lee came to the conclusion that Trump
shouldn't talk to Moeller from the point
of view of protecting his
got rid of that guy and instead brought
on a full-blown conspiracy theorists who
even used the term witch-hunt
the Muller probe which is a term that
Trump uses the Muller probe should never
have started in that there was no
collusion and there was no crime Trump
tweeted last weekend again calling the
investigation a witch-hunt doubt issued
a statement last weekend calling for an
end to molars investigation but then
gave conflicting accounts over whether
he was speaking on behalf of Trump or
just himself so we will see whether that
happens I think the most likely scenario
is not that Trump actually has any plan
of sitting down with Muller I think the
idea here is to portray a willingness to
sit down with Muller to later use it as
a defense for saying I didn't fire molar
because I was ideologically committed to
the idea of firing him I was more than
willing to speak to him I fired him
because he did X Y or Z and who knows
what that will be okay let's see what
else by the way is my video not doing
well because I'm getting a message here
from YouTube on the stream now that I'm
looking at it which says that there's a
problem with my keyframes and that as a
result people may have to buffer often
if you're having the buffer often let me
know in the chat and I can look at
changing some settings here you good
this is depth one anybody else am i
having rights okay from what I see
you're coming in clear video looks good
looks good to me looks fine to me looks
good to me
all right well I'm just gonna proceed I
will proceed as a Barack Obama once
asked Mitt Romney to please proceed
governor okay as I mentioned I do like
to do thank-yous and shout outs to
people who sign up or pledge on patreon
during the livestream and I want to do
that because we've got two new members a
Wilbur McGlynn has just signed up at
david pakman.com slash membership and
paul farrell paul farrell or ferrell yes
i'm not 100% sure how you pronounce your
last name but definitely Paul Paul I
feel good about
has just signed up and you can both
become a member or a patron patron at
patreon.com slash david pakman show you
hit the orange become a patron button I
get pinged and then I thank you because
you did a really really great thing the
other possibility of course membership
we do have a 40% off coupon code for
membership if you go to david pakman.com
slash membership monthly membership
yearly membership your choice after you
pick one and hit the red signup button
this is the key you go down to the
coupon code field and you type vote soon
18 and regardless of which membership
you choose it could be monthly yearly it
could be 6 12 24 48 dollars a month
whatever you'll save 40% when you use
the coupon code vote soon 18 which is
it's a big thing it's a big thing all
the kids these days are doing it and I'm
excited to be able to tell you about it
today let me get to the next story for
today's livestream but before that I
want to get to a super chat because Troy
McCain Roy has sent a five Canadian
dollar super chat asking kind of
off-topic but have you ever been noticed
in public I have it happens pretty often
it probably happens I don't know maybe
maybe three times a month or something
like that it recently happened actually
getting on to the subway at the Downtown
Crossing stop here in Boston and as I
was walking by there was a actual subway
attendant we call it the T here in
Boston who said hey I said yeah I
figured there was something wrong with
my cart or he thought I was trying to
jump the turnstile and he said you look
exactly the same as you look on TV and I
said thank you
and and moved on cuz it is a little bit
awkward it's a little bit awkward every
time it happens but I do what I can with
it you know I can't can't always be
prepared with the right response
sometimes it's just a little bit awkward
okay I have already talked to you about
how Donald Trump says he wants to
testify before Robert Moeller now we are
going to get to the second big story
from today the story from earlier today
that Donald Trump stopped Russia lawyer
John
Daud resigned today very good Washington
Post article outlining the entire thing
and as it says president Trump whose top
attorney handling the Russia probe
resigned Thursday is struggling to find
top-notch defense lawyers willing to
represent him in the case according to
multiple Trump advisors familiar with
negotiations I love that because it's a
super subtle attack on Joseph digenova
Trump recently brought on a conspiracy
theorist lawyer Joseph digenova
who believes that actually the FBI is
trying to improve the public's image of
Hillary Clinton by even doing a trump
Russia investigation I love how by
saying that it's tough for Trump to find
top notch defense lawyers it's sort of
an indirect attack on digenova because
you just hired the genival but nobody
thinks he's exactly a top notch guy and
as we've covered before as the article
says some law firms have signaled that
they do not want the controversy of
representing a divisive and unpopular
president while others have told Trump
advisers they have clients with
conflicting interests there's another
problem here because prior attorneys
have said they don't want to work for
Trump because number one they don't
think he'll listen to them and number
two they're not sure that he'll pay them
so that act those are actually pretty
solid reasons not to represent somebody
and the what does this comment seems
unrelated comment from Japan about
national crises doubt has been the
president's main point of contact with
Muller's office which is investigating
Russian interference we know that Dowd
also had been negotiating the terms for
the president to sit for an interview
with Moeller's team as it examines
whether Trump has obstructed justice by
seeking to shut down the investigation
this is ultimately going to explode one
way or the other
and there are any number of different
ways that this could ultimately explode
but the way in which it explodes is sort
of going to be determined by Trump and
what I mean by that is that a lot of
what's even going on with Trump Russia
is self inflicted by Donald Trump if we
all just for a second take a step back
from the daily news of the Trump Russia
investigate
where it's one issue building on another
one building on another one and another
one Thanks step one by the way I'll get
to your super chat in a moment if from
the very beginning right go back all the
way to the beginning at this point if
from the beginning Trump had not tweeted
anything about Trump Russia not fired
anyone to try to obstruct an
investigation and simply when asked from
the beginning said only I respect the
FBI
I plan to cooperate fully I am going to
focus on pursuing the agenda I outlined
during my campaign while they do this
investigation I look forward to being
vindicated and cleared and being able to
move on beyond this and that's it it is
very difficult to imagine that the
investigation would have gotten to the
point that it is now and it's also
difficult to imagine that it would have
gotten as close to Trump as it is now
there is probably no way at this point
to really believe that there would have
been no investigation at all at least
into trump campaign associates because
even without Trump's statements there's
a lot of really sketchy stuff that
appears to have gone on but without
Trump calling even more attention to
himself and creating whole new lines of
inquiry about possible obstruction of
justice based on firings and so on and
so forth the degree to which this would
be hitting Trump would be a fraction of
what it is right now so I think that
mostly to blame here is Donald Trump
even if you believe that he was sort of
the pans the the Patsy or the the puppet
in the entire Russia thing that he
really wasn't directly involved he was
more the stooge who was being
manipulated it was some of his aides
that were more directly involved he
still has inflicted this upon himself by
the firings and the tweets and the
attacks and the war against the
intelligence community okay let's talk
now about oh let me get to these other
super chats DEP One has sent the $20
super chat saying you demand keep the
show keep the show going homie well I
planned you I plan to you though show
show is alive and well and it's going to
continue I think we also got oh
for stream labs.com slash the david
pakman show which is another way that
you can ask questions and make comments
- from Christina to dollar stream lapse
contributions from Christina David I've
missed you do you enjoy scented candles
I don't I hate scent scented candles and
in fact I recently threw some out that
were given to me as a gift because I
just can't stand the smell and I think I
might be almost mildly allergic to that
I just find it very very agitating and I
want nothing to do there will be no
scented candles here in my place to the
extent that I have a say alright so I
think we're more or less done I don't
know there's much else I want to say
about this Trump lawyer article oh this
is this is sort of relevant and I've
read a couple commentaries about this
Trump has this other lawyer named Ty
Cobb which is just kind of funny because
Ty Cobb was a very famous baseball
player and if you see the guy's mustache
it's also pretty funny Ty Cobb if Ty
Cobb is still there if Ty Cobb goes that
would really be a signal that Trump is
becoming more sort of I I guess I would
say committed to a more risque approach
when it comes to Trump Russia and Muller
and the entire thing because again Ty
Cobb has sort of been not that he's the
most reasonable guy but sort of a
moderating influence on Trump as well
okay nothing else to say there the next
big story is that Donald Trump has
indeed fired his national security
adviser HR McMaster now this would be
news already if this were only Trump's
first national security adviser but this
is already Trump's second national
security adviser remember the first one
Michael Flynn has already been indicted
and could really be facing some pretty
serious prison time I mean he has very
very serious charges against the middle
I I think come down mostly to what kind
of a deal he ultimately strikes with
prosecutors and with Robert Moeller's
team now Trump Trump had previously
replaced Flynn with HR McMaster a
