so then part two of the implosion of
Donald Trump's lawyer Rudy Rudy Giuliani
is after putting out that unintelligible
statement I told you about earlier where
it sort of seemed like he was
backtracking on some of the things he
said about the hundred and thirty
thousand dollar stormy Daniels hush
money repayment by Trump to Michael
Cohen Giuliani appeared on ABC Sunday
morning talk show this week and he
dismissed his own statements as mere
rumors and then contradicted himself
multiple times right they I'm gonna play
this for you and I want to prepare you
because of the hyper normalization right
are becoming accustomed to realities
that would have been inconceivable
before the Trump era the interview I'm
about to play might not immediately
strike you as the unhinged drivel that
it is but we have to contextualize it
I'm about to play a clip for you from an
interview where the attorney charged
with speaking to Robert Muller on the
behalf of the President of the United
States is being interviewed this is not
some lawyer that your landlord hires to
evict the tenant right this is the
former mayor of New York City hired by
the President of the United States to
represent him in something that could
conceivably expose alleged criminal
activity by a sitting president and this
is how his lawyer represents him on
national television
take a look but on the other day you
also told BuzzFeed though that at some
point after the 2016 election Michael
Cohen had complained to some people that
he hadn't been paid by Donald Trump and
that so then you said Cohen met with
Trump and told him and Giuliani said
that will cover your expenses they work
at this $35,000 a month retainer after
that so so the president didn't know
about this
after the campaign but can't say that I
mean I at some point yes but it could
have been recently it could have been a
while back those are the facts but we're
still working on and that you know maybe
in a little bit of dispute this is more
rumor than it is anything else well
that's what you said you said that to
BuzzFeed but Rudy Giuliani says these
are mere rumors and George
Stephanopoulos points out well you're
the source like you're I'm quoting you
here if you're dismissing the stormy
Daniels hush money repayment and
installments from Trump to Cohen as a
rumor that's a rumor you started so how
does Rudy Giuliani respond this is his
answer to that but here's the well yeah
I mean that's that's
one of the possibilities and one of the
rumors the reality is you stated it as
fact well maybe I did but I was right
now I'm at the point where I'm learning
and I can only I can't prove that I can
just say it's rumor I could prove it's
rumor but I can't prove it's fact
yeah it's rumor that's right he can
prove it's a rumor of a fact but he's
not yet ready to prove the factual
nature of the rumor of the fact which by
the way all came from him didn't Trump
hire this guy like wouldn't the first
thing he would go to trump and say is
well give me the facts so that I don't
end up spreading rumors on television
right like the is Trump admitting to
pain copain Cohen back or not and if you
can't get the information from the guy
who's just hired you maybe this is not a
guy you should be working for right and
here it continues and it only gets worse
you but you've said is it it isn't you
said as a matter of fact on Hannity and
BuzzFeed you talk to the world I don't
know how do you separate fact and
opinion that's opinion I'll say this is
my opinion and when I state a fact also
you said the president worked out a
retainer agreement with Michael Cohen
after the election order to repay him a
little settlement to stormy Daniels the
second part the second part of it the
last part of it the the retainer
agreement was to repay expenses which
turns out to have included this one to
the woman the asan Saturday Night Live
last night trying to make more money and
now our NDA with her seems to be
irrelevant because she wants to break it
up because she wants to make a lot more
money than hundred and thirty thousand I
never thought a hundred and thirty
thousand I know this sounds funny to
people there at home I never thought a
hundred thirty thousand was a real
payment it's a nuisance payment when I
settle this for when it was real or a
real possibility it's a couple million
dollars not not a hundred thirty
thousand let's get back to the couple
million dollars thing because that's
stunning language has no meaning anymore
right even though he literally went on
hannity and said this is what took place
we should have realized that what he
meant was these are rumors which i'm
creating about what took place it's not
actually what happened it's my opinion
as just a random guy about one
possibility of what might have happened
it's Orwellian doublespeak at its finest
and then at the end he throws that thing
in where he says listen 130,000 dollars
isn't even really big enough to be a
payoff for something serious anyway
this would have been if I was involved
in actually settling this it would have
been a couple million dollars that's not
a great thing to say that's exactly what
stormy Daniels was saying during the 60
Minutes interview which is she only
agreed to accept a hundred and thirty
thousand dollars because she was being
intimidated but she actually would have
wanted and potentially could have gotten
more based on the damage that she could
have done to Donald Trump before the
campaign it is a comedy of boneheaded
stupidity and then of course the final
question is well why hasn't Trump been
honest about all this but you don't go
away 430-thousand of a Meritor dude call
it a settlement payment the President
did make these payments to Michael Cohen
over the course of 2017 according to you
then why did on April 5th why did the
president deny any knowledge of the
payments when in fact well I don't know
I don't know when the president learned
about it he could have learned about it
after or not connected the whole thing
at at that time it was crazy
Trump was just so confused he had no
idea what was going on
this is gaslighting folks plain and
simple and it might be catalyzed by
incompetence in the people surrounding
Trump but the impact is gaslighting as I
have been discussing and this confuses
the average person apparently Trump was
also confused because Trump lied because
Rudy said Trump made the payment but
here's Rudy saying that the word of the
payment was just a rumor that he started
it's not actually something that he's
investigated it makes no sense and it's
makes such little sense that even Neil
Cavuto as I told you about earlier on
the program had to go out there and say
mr. president you're really not making
any sense here as soon as we heard that
North Korea was open to denuclearization
the comitted trumpets immediately said
wow Trump did it Trump gets the credit
here and my analysis immediately at the
time was yeah more than likely this is
something we can point to South Korea
for having influence on possible
behind-the-scenes influence from China
to the extent that it can be believed at
all that North Korea is actually in good
faith planning to denuclearize and I
also said that with North Korea it's
often in the wording and the semantics
and that something as seemingly
straightforward as we're ready for the
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
could mean that North Korea is ready to
stop pursuing nuclear weapons as soon as
for example all American troops from the
nuclear nation of the United States of
America leave South Korea so that was
another factor but in any case what was
clear was that Trump had at best some
coincidental involvement in this
development now North Korea is straight
up saying what we're doing has nothing
to do with anything that Donald Trump
did this is the news from the weekend
let's see what North Korea said and then
we can sort of analyze it for what it's
worth
KCNA is the North Korean news agency
effectively a propaganda channel no
doubt about it they say that the US
should not be deliberately provoking nor
misleading the public by claiming that
Trump had a role because Trump had no
role in this so let's think through it
piece by piece
certainly even if Trump did play a role
in North Korea's seeming willingness to
denuclearize
it wouldn't be shocking if the North
Korean propaganda machine tried to deny
it merely for public relations purposes
but that being said there are trumpets
who immediately credited Trump for North
Korea's willingness to denuclearize who
are now simply saying you can't believe
what North Korea says well if you
believed the North Koreans 10 days ago
when they said they were going to
denuclearize why can't you believe them
now when they also say Trump also had
nothing to do with it but let's zoom out
for a moment and actually think through
on a different level is it that hard to
believe that some tweets from Trump
referring to Kim jong-un as Rocket Man
didn't solve a seventy-year-old problem
with North Korea like is that really so
hard to believe
we also learned after news of the
denuclearization pledge that North Korea
suffered the destruction of their
nuclear weapons testing facility and
that a ton of technical people even died
because of what took place there is it
possible that had more to do with the
need
denuclearization news than Trump's
randomly capitalized tweets and remember
it's really important not to understate
China here I said this last week the
Chinese president along with
consolidating power and eliminating term
limits in China recently did invite Kim
jong-un to China this was the first time
in something like seven years that Kim
jong-un had left North Korea and then a
few weeks after that meeting we hear
about the denuclearization pledge so any
sensible observer here would realize
that politics aside South Korea China
the implosion of North Korea's nuke test
facility those are really the driving
factors here not Donald Trump's tweets
and as a final note I care about being
accurate in placing blame and credit
merely for accuracy's sake but my top
priority as an end goal here is to
better the circumstances for the North
Korean people and I am willing to say
right now giving Donald Trump some
credit will fix the situation I'm not
saying that it will but if it would I
say give Trump credit let Trump take
credit if it allows some greater good
here it just doesn't seem to actually be
supported by any facts and in the end
the most important thing is that they go
through with denuclearization because it
would be a first step and only a first
step but an important one to the people
of North Korea being better off and
that's really my priority here whether
Donald Trump takes credit or gets credit
from Trump asur the South Korean foreign
minister or whoever there's of course
some objective reality about that will
we ever know it 100% with 100% accuracy
maybe not but what we should all be most
focused on is the well-being of the
North Korean people and the reduction in
threat to the people surrounding North
Korea as well which includes South Korea
it includes Americans in Guam and
includes China and Japan and so many
other parts of that region Quickbook
plug by the way if you're interested in
North Korea there is a great fiction
book that I've recommended in the past
and it is called the orphan masters son
by Adam Johnson it's a fiction book it's
a it's a novel but it is based around
Adam Johnson's extensive research and
knowledge of North Korea and it is an
amazing if if not brutal read but I do
highly highly recommend it to you okay
so if you watch or listen to our show
you probably already know that when I
open a story by saying hey there was a
rare moment of sanity on Fox News it's
almost always shepard smith and
sometimes like every once in a while it
will be chris wallace today's the
exception to that trend yes trump was
called out for his lies yes it was on
fox news yes it was a male anchor but it
was not Shep Smith and it was not Chris
Wallace it was actually Neil Cavuto
and the topic was the hundred and thirty
thousand dollars in hush money that
repayment admission from Rudy Giuliani
that we've talked about relating to
Trump's repayment of that hush money
Neil Cavuto did a monologue and called
what's going on out as lies but he
didn't actually use that word right but
we could all sort of understand what he
was saying Cavuto made it very clear
that the story is not making any sense
Trump denied any knowledge of it Rudy
Giuliani says Trump did pay back but
then sort of walks it back which we'll
talk about later it's just not making
any sense here is Neil Cavuto on Fox
News pointing this out president Trump
is fond of calling out the media on fake
news but is he the one giving them very
real ammunition maybe not intentionally
I'll even give you the benefit of doubt
mr. president say maybe not deliberately
but consistently way to consistently so
let me be clear mr. president how can
you drain the swamp if you're the one
who keeps muddying the waters you didn't
know about that $130,000 payment to a
porn star I think it did said you knew
nothing about how your former lawyer
Michael Cohen handle this until
acknowledging today you were the guy
behind the retainer payment that took
care of this you insist that money from
the campaign or campaign contributions
played no role in this transaction of
that your short thing is not even 24
hours ago sir you couldn't recall any of
this and you seem very sure now I'm not
saying you're a liar you're president
you're busy I'm just having a devil
time figuring out which news is they
let's just say your own words on lots of
stuff give me shall I'd say lots of
pause like the time you said the
Russians didn't interfere in the 2016
election until a lot of Republicans had
to remind you they did came back months
later and you said well I never said
that Russia didn't meddle in the
election when in fact you had a lot now
none of this makes me a never Trump er
just always confused like when you claim
your tax plan was the biggest in US
history when it wasn't or that the
building is signed to make it all happen
would cost you a fortune when it turns
out it is going to help make you a
bigger fortune or that your job approval
numbers really aren't that bad relative
to other presidents at this stage when
they're actually worse than most
presidents at this stage that can change
but what's weird is this pattern does
not so you get the idea this is probably
the best we can hope for on fox news
other than Shepard Smith and certainly
you know Neil Cavuto doesn't go far
enough here he's still using careful
language it's Fox News after all he's
not going to just say straight up this
guy's been lying to us and clearly
deliberately for a very long time but it
still is a move in the direction of even
Fox News getting to the end of what
they're willing to tolerate from Trump
and then of course predictable the Fox
News audience crushing Cavuto for even
meekly suggesting that maybe some of the
things are revered mr. president has
said might not have been accurate Fox
News viewers have been tweeting just
horrible things to Neil Cavuto calling
him a leftist liberal and a saying
they won't be watching his show anymore
enjoy your low ratings he needs to be
shipped out and the next day Kabuto had
to do sort of a clarification he spent
seven and a half minutes reading angry
tweets and responding to lots of them
individually and sort of saying hey
listen I'm not a never Trump or take a
look anyway fake news works both ways
Kenny so does consistency every fact I
presented last night was real every
comment I used from the president was
his not my words his words word for word
not my tweets his tweet nothing was fake
everything I shared was real no matter
the Bob emails you're a smug pompous
windbag I hope that you croak on that
pork chop tonight
wait a minute yeah the other thing to
bear in mind here is that just because
Neil Cavuto said some of the things our
president has been saying seem to be
inaccurate or inconsistent he and Fox
News don't deserve any journalism awards
right for timidly acquiescing to the
completely undeniable reality that
Trump's not being honest this is one of
the most dishonest presidents in history
the only reason it's notable is that Fox
News has been the propaganda machine for
Trump and if you're white waiting around
for Fox News to take this trend or take
this approach on all of its shows like
Fox and Friends I would not hold my
breath the problem with Fox News being
almost a 100 percent uninterrupted
stream of total propaganda is that you
tell the truth once here just basically
saying sometimes Trump's not 100% honest
and you get crushed and people get
really really mad so the best possible
scenario here is that maybe Fox is
starting to tear itself apart or eat
itself whatever analogy you want to use
the other is this might lead to a total
housecleaning at Fox News to get
everybody 100% on message either away
I'm super interested in watching what
happens on Fox News and you know I don't
watch a lot of MSNBC but a lot of people
think of MSNBC is the left-wing
equivalent of Fox News yeah if an MSNBC
host was critical of Barack Obama or
Hillary Clinton I would actually kind of
like it especially coming from them yeah
if they were being critical on the right
things but you never see that on Fox
News or at least not as much because the
committee Trump is just won't have it
not in the same way yeah and of course
Jen Kyogre from The Young Turks has the
story about how he when he was hosting
on MSNBC and there was a discussion or a
possible longer term job forum how one
of the things he was told was you got to
sort of step away a little bit from the
criticism of President Obama but towards
the end of Obama's presidency you
arguably saw more dissenting voices from
the left on MSNBC in a lot of ways we
are talking about two profit-driven
corporate news outlets whose editorial
positions are different but that dynamic
is one that is going to be very very
hard to break at Fox News especially if
their core profitable audience starts to
turn away because they start to say wait
a second we're not getting
the message that we were expecting and
hoping to get from FoxNews send me your
thoughts what's going on with Cavuto
what do you think is driving him to do
this because he could also just do
another segment right he didn't he
didn't have to do this story I'm on
Twitter at D Pakman and the show is on
Twitter at David Pakman show
in academic circles it's not really
controversial to say that tax cuts for
the rich don't trickle down to workers
you don't you don't really see that as a
controversial thing I've talked about
this hundreds of times on the show I've
explained the logic that tax cuts for
the rich and corporations are not an
incentive big picture to raise salaries
or hire more people because
fundamentally tax cuts for the rich and
