[Music]
the david pakman show at david
pakman.com I know that what I'm about to
ask you to do is sort of difficult to do
because it's exploding in our faces
every single day but imagine just for a
second if you can and this will be easy
for some people in our audience that
there were no Russia story right imagine
that there were no investigations into
Donald Trump no indictment no attempt to
obstruct the investigation by firing all
sorts of people put the entire thing
aside for a moment which again I think a
lot of people in our audience will
actually not have trouble doing but some
of you will we've now learned about a
completely separate Trump campaign
scandal which has exploded in the last
24 hours because of a really really good
investigation published by Britain's
channel 4 and the company in question
here is Cambridge analytic
that's not Cambridge Massachusetts right
near our studio but that's Cambridge UK
and they also play a role in today's
major breaking story about Facebook
which we'll get to later on in the
program
Cambridge analytic O'Call z' themselves
a big data behavioural micro targeting
political campaign support firm at least
that's what they call themselves on
Twitter and what they do it turns out is
a combination of opposition research and
social media targeting along with we
have now learned blackmail scams bribes
the hiring of prostitutes to set up
honey traps as well as perpetuating fake
news the Channel 4 documentary which you
should absolutely watch first part is
out about 20 minutes I believe a second
part is upcoming the documentary exposes
their techniques and it goes all the way
up to the top and when I say all the way
up to the top I don't mean close to the
top or near the top I mean to the
absolute
and what channel four did is create an
undercover investigation where they had
a an individual posing as a sri lankan
who was working with a family in Sri
Lanka and the family had aspirations for
political office in Sri Lanka and what
they wanted to meet with Cambridge
analytic to do was to sort of interview
Cambridge analytical to see if we want
to run if our family member wants to run
for elected office in Sri Lanka could
you help us what would you be able to do
in order to help us and after just a
couple of initial meetings the fake
possible client which was really an
undercover investigator working with
Channel four ends up meeting with none
other than the head of Cambridge
analytic a Alexander Nicks and Alexander
Nicks is a guy who is a public figure he
has spoken at conferences all around the
world about just the amazing and great
things that Cambridge analytic it does
and he gets caught on hidden camera in
this channel for investigation talking
about how his firm has lots of
experience bringing in prostitutes to
set up politicians he specifically
suggests the idea of Ukrainian
prostitutes as a possible as possible
agents of help with this Sri Lankan
campaign he talks about what Cambridge
analytic AHA's done how they are experts
in this stuff his co-conspirator in the
image we're showing our television
audience now sitting to Nyx's right
talking about how they are masters of
disguise in doing this type of thing and
this is yet another story that connects
directly to the Oval Office and to Jared
Kushner and to Steven Bannon who at one
point was a part owner of Cambridge
analytic a stake holder in Cambridge
analytic ah this company was Donald
Trump's campaign consultants for 2016
and this raises a whole new and separate
specter of suspicion on Donald Trump's
campaign so now if you want you can
totally disregard the Russia story not
that it's going away I just mean if
you're thinking about how Trump won you
can temporarily put aside all of the
Russia
and now we have to explore whether
Donald Trump won at least in part
because of the actions of a firm that
uses prostitutes and blackmail and
entrapment and bribe so here's how this
is going to go it's already happening to
some degree Cambridge analytic I will
deny using these tactics in their work
for Trump
they'll also deny it more broadly but
I'll get to that in a second
Trump and his team will say listen we
did some work with Cambridge analytic it
was very minor it was just social media
targeting and that's it we will all be
incredibly skeptical and hopefully
investigative journalists will start
digging into the detail about exactly
which tactics Cambridge analytic I did
use to help Donald Trump in his 2016
campaign and it might come out that yeah
Cambridge analytic I merely did some
Facebook targeting for Trump with some
of that data that they got from Facebook
which we'll talk about later today it
might come out that Cambridge analytic
Adhan 'old Trump but what is without
question is that this is one of the
biggest corporate embarrassments in a
long time and it's clear that Cambridge
analytic is clueless about how to
respond to this because their top people
are on video admitting to this stuff
watch the 19 or 20 minute documentary
and you will see Alexander Knicks and
Turnbull mark Turnbull or I forget his
first name Turnbull who is the the co
partner there the other partner talking
about all the things they have done and
can do and would suggest doing so let's
now go through some of the responses and
defenses from Cambridge analytic ah
which are just the best I'm I'm
relishing truly seeing this stuff first
this one's sort of minor the official
Twitter account for Cambridge analytic
sent out a tweet about the Channel 4
documentary where they said tonight's
Channel 4 News story gives a highly
misleading picture of the company and
what we do yeah it's misleading because
not only do they hire prostitutes for
honey traps and create blackmail videos
they'll also give you advice about how
to run Google ads so yeah that wasn't
really made a big part of the Channel 4
investigation should have been included
in the interest of full disclosure
next Cambridge analytic a floats the
idea that it was all a joke about hiring
prostitutes that the mention of the
hiring prostitutes was a way to figure
out whether their potential sri lankan
client had bad intentions they were
trying to see is the sri lankan client
immoral because we would never do any of
this stuff we were trying to suss it out
here's a quote from the statement that
Cambridge analytic about that this is
just have the barf bags nearby please
they said despite this clear statement
the undercover reporter later attempted
to entrap it's all projection Cambridge
analytic entraps and now they're saying
someone else tried to entrap them
attempted to entrap Cambridge analytic
executives by initiating a conversation
about unethical practices after several
meetings discussing ostensibly
legitimate projects the reporter
unexpectedly and suddenly turned the
conversation towards practices such as
corruption and the entrapment of
political figures assessing the legality
and reputational risks associated with
new projects is critical for us and we
routinely undertake conversations with
prospective clients to try to tease out
any unethical or illegal intentions that
is just the best and then they go on to
say the to Cambridge analytic executives
at the meeting humored these questions
and actively encourage the prospective
client to disclose his intentions it's
just a lie I mean if you watch the 20
minute documentary you will see that the
questions from the undercover reporter
are so general like can you tell me
about the type of opposition research
that you do and the CA people the
Cambridge analytical people volunteer
there's opposition research but there's
more than opposition research they
volunteer all of the stuff and the idea
that they were merely trying to suss out
and were humoring and testing out the
undercover reporter is ridiculous and
case in point within just a few meetings
they bring along their top guy Alexander
Nix the head of the company Cambridge
analytical reportedly has according to
crunch base between 100 and 250
employees
when they suspect the client of maybe
pulling their leg or having bad
intentions they send in their CEO the
top guy to meet directly with this
person who on earth would believe this
explanation and the bigger concern is
not mean listen these people are
horrible right this is this is not
democracy this is a perversion of the
democratic system and the big picture
here is that it connects directly to
Trump and right-wing media is ignoring
that connection it connects to Steven
Bannon because he held a stake he was
part owner in Cambridge analytic until
he started working for the Trump
Organization a trumpet campaign Trump
administration and sold his stake in c√†
although very very late and according to
reports it also appears that it was
Jared Kushner who wanted to hire this
firm in the first place and it just so
happens that Kushner's family has a
history of entrapping people with sex
jared krishna's father Charles Kushner
hired a prostitute
to sleep with his sister's husband and
then used it as leverage against him and
it just so happens that Jared Kushner
wants to hire a company that we now know
engages in similar practices this is a
whole new scandal right it is a whole
new scandal in the Trump administration
right-wing media is going way out of its
way to keep this out of the headlines
check this out from this morning I just
said let's just see what's going on in
different right-wing news websites
Drudge Report you go there Jared and the
prince
you see stories about just about
everything other than this major major
story go to Fox news.com
what do you see another blast rocks
Texas not that that's not a story we're
gonna be talking about that story
tomorrow and all sorts of other stuff
but not this you go to Ben Shapiro's
right-wing news website daily wire
package which shrapnel explodes a Texas
FedEx facility will Germany block Israel
from finally getting a seat on the UN
progressive groups looking to organize
march in support of louis farrakhan
palestinian terrorist murder three young
jews Abbas silent but nothing about this
major major story and I could go on with
other examples it's like it just doesn't
exist
and this is ultimately the problem
because of the filter bubbles and the
echo chambers and the algorithms tons of
people will never hear about this or by
the time they do they'll inherently
assume if I haven't heard about this
until now it must not really be a big
story that is one of the biggest
problems here that this putting aside
everything else that's going on in
connection with the Trump administration
right now this is a major new scandal
and so many people will never hear about
it and if they do it'll be half-baked
harebrained attempt to debunk the entire
story but there's no debunking and the
flaccid attempts from Cambridge
analytical to say oh it's all misleading
and we were just testing them if we were
just joking about all the stuff it's BS
and I hope somehow it gets through to
the committed trumpet although quite
frankly I'm not super optimistic about
that send me your thoughts about this
story or any other from today I'm on
Twitter at D Pakman
the show is on twitter at david pakman
show the david pakman show at david
pakman.com
[Music]
[Music]
the david pakman show at david
pakman.com today's new member of the day
is edith Hammonds
Edith thank you thank you for supporting
the program and today's sustaining
member of the day is Gary Walborn who's
been with us since 2011 almost 7 years
of membership for Gary I can't thank our
new members like Edith and our
sustaining members like Gary enough you
can join them at 40% off using the
coupon code vote soon 18 at david
pakman.com slash membership and patreon
contributions also welcome at
patreon.com forward slash david pakman
show we are in the throes of one of the
biggest tech privacy scandals in a very
long time it's now apparent that the
data analytics firm cambridge analytical
which worked for the Trump campaign we
learned over the last 24 hours based on
a channel 4 report that they engage in
everything from the hiring of
prostitutes to blackmail setups and
entrapment in order to work for their
clients Cambridge analytic working for
the Trump campaign in the most recent
presidential election inappropriately
gained access to the data of 50 million
Facebook users the data of those 50
million users ended up in the hands of
Cambridge analytic and according to some
reports has not been deleted
Cambridge analytic says that they don't
have the data it's unclear Facebook
saying we've asked them to delete it but
they haven't and a completely different
story being told by CA when I heard that
please delete it reminds me of when
Hillary went to Wall Street and told
them hey you've got to cut it out right
I'm sure they'll get right on deleting
that incredibly valuable data about 50
million Facebook users and the details
of this are somewhat complex they
involve a particular app made by a
University of Cambridge lecturer called
this is your digital life all one word
note no spaces this is your digital life
the app launched in 2014 and the app
through an entity called global science
research 2
users to a survey these surveys are
common online and the survey paid them a
dollar or two and as most of these apps
do it requested access to Facebook user
information 270,000 users
went ahead and gave the app that
permission but the app was able to also
harvest information of a total of 50
million users most of whom did not give
permission like the two hundred and
seventy thousand users now this is
already bad enough but we've also
learned that the professor working on
this
Aleksander Kogan who ironically enough
might be Russian was actually working on
the behalf of strategic communication
laboratories which owns Cambridge
analytic and who was working for the
Donald Trump campaign full circle once
again Cambridge analytic ahooo is
dealing with multiple scandals at once
at this point is saying they didn't know
where the data came from that this is
all GSR and Kogan and they weren't told
exactly how they got the data and of
course if they had known how they got
the data they would have turned it down
now does anybody believe that the
company that has no problem using
prostitutes for honey traps and
blackmail and trap mint would have a
problem receiving facebook user data if
they knew where it came from having a
hard time with that
Cambridge analytic says in a statement
quote when it subsequently became clear
that the data had not been obtained by G
s are in line with Facebook's Terms of
Service Cambridge analytic deleted all
data received from GSR so that I don't
believe but the big question Cambridge
analytic aside is was Facebook complicit
and if so to what degree and the answer
is we don't know Mark Zuckerberg is now
being summoned by British officials
British elected officials the FTC
Federal Trade Commission in the United
States is starting to look into Facebook
and here's really the bottom line I hate
to break it to you and I don't think
this is going to be news to a lot of
people in our audience this is
Facebook's business model now yeah this
went further but if you listen to my
interview about a month ago six weeks
ago I don't remember exactly how long
ago with Antonio Garcia Martinez
who developed a lot of the Facebook ad
infrastructure if you read his book
chaos monkeys Facebook is fundamentally
a user data firm right it's not a social
network primarily it's not a marketer
it's not a messaging app even though it
does those things and has those features
this is a user data company and Edward
Snowden tweeted something along these
lines when the news broke saying
businesses that make money by collecting
and selling detailed records of private
lives were once plainly described as
surveillance companies they're
rebranding as social media is the most
successful deception since the
Department of War became the Department
of the defense I learned in an early
college communica munication class a
line that goes something like this if
you're not sure what the product is and
you're not paying for anything it's
probably you or another asset another
way the product is your attention what
is being bought and sold is getting your
eyeballs onto an advertisement or a
piece of content or whatever and that is
exactly what is going on here arguably
this went further and we will see to
what degree Facebook was aware of what
was going on what did happen immediately
is that Facebook's stock price dropped
when the news broke this is probably not
going to impact their bottom line
directly right advertisers advertising
with Facebook and we've advertised with
Facebook by the way are doing it because
Facebook has such great user data not
despite that reality yeah this creates a
PR problem for Facebook it's gonna make
regulators want to regulate Facebook but
it's not really a business problem until
the regulation actually hurts them for
the individual user
it's basically cost-benefit right if you
use Facebook I use Facebook Pat uses
Facebook we realize or at least I think
we would be wise to realize that our
data our preferences our likes our
friends our activity it could end up
almost anywhere is that worth it to have
Facebook and use Facebook for a lot of
people it is and there's a broader
question here
right what is the long-term impact of
companies having such accurate and
precise data about our preferences we
know that when it comes to news the
consequence of targeting at the level
that is possible is echo chambers and
algorithms that feed our biases and
increase political partisanship and that
gets me to a really important line from
Molly McHugh Molly McHugh wrote a great
article about this yesterday where she
says it doesn't matter if you don't use
your Facebook feed for politics your
Facebook feed is using you for politics
and I think that that is something we
all sort of need to be aware of here
right with products and services it's ok
well they might be able to really well
target accurately target ads so that
you'll buy stuff or sign up for services
with elections it's potentially deciding
the outcome of who our elected officials
are and thus even if you say I don't
really read news on Facebook I don't
really care about this or that I'm just
down there for the pictures or sharing
stuff with my family even if you aren't
doing politics on facebook these
algorithms are having political impact I
don't know and I wouldn't even dream of
trying to predict what is ultimately
going to happen in terms of regulation
