I have today for you maybe one of the
most brilliant pieces of political
satire and political interviewing that
I've seen Sasha Baron Cohen as we've
talked about has a new show on Showtime
it's called who is America Sacha Baron
Cohen you may know from characters such
as Ali G Borat Bruno the dictator he has
a new character who's an Israeli
anti-terrorism expert called Iran Murad
or as the Israelis might say Alan Mahad
and his Sacha Baron Cohen says during
during his his actual show and in this
interview he speaks to accused serial
child sex assault or Roy Moore who of
course lost to Doug Jones in the Alabama
special election accused by multiple
women including some very young women of
sexually assaulting them it's unclear
when this interview took place and
that's kind of relevant and the concept
is the following Colonel Allen Mahad
says to Roy Moore that they have
developed in Israel a device at piece of
technology which can detect sex
offenders and particularly pedophiles
because they secrete an enzyme called a
D DHT which is supposedly detectable by
this piece of equipment and what he does
is just as a sample he puts it over
himself and then he puts it over Roy
Moore and of course the the gag is it
beeps over Roy Moore Roy Moore doesn't
know that it's obviously just like a
metal detector it's totally standard
metal detector and it gets really really
awkward Roy Moore visibly uncomfortable
and ultimately ends the interview
earlier earlier than planned
take a look at this they have now used
this technology to identify other
abnormalities it turns out the sex
offenders and particularly pedophiles
secrete an enzyme for D DHT which is
actually detectable it is three times
the level of non perverts
so the phrase sweating like a rapist is
actually based on science
so in Israel they have developed a
machine that is used in schools and
playgrounds to detect anyone coming in
and if they detect a pedophile
the one alleged the law enforcement and
the schools within a hundred mile radius
it is very very simple to use you just
switch it on and because neither of us
or sex offenders then it make absolutely
nothing you just put it on you put it
nearby wait
it must be faulty it's malfunctioning
I'm sure it will do the same with the
other guy here ready
so is this silver jacket yes did you
lend the jacket to somebody else maybe
no I've been married for 33 so I never
had an accusation of such things I am
not accusing you I thought this is well
then if this is an instrument I did
certainly I'm not a pedophile okay no
but the machine is well I don't know
they may be Israeli technology hasn't
developed properly this is the 99.8%
world it is not saying that you are a
pedophile of course not I am simply
cutting this conversation right now
no thank you have you been nice I
support Israel I don't support this kind
of stuff thank you no it is I'm not
saying that you're a sex offender this
is just the best and we don't know when
it was filmed and that's sort of
relevant because of course Roy Moore was
accused by multiple people of child
sexual assault strictly speaking it's
not pedophilia because as far as we know
he didn't try to have sex with
prepubescent girls just girls that are
very young and not legally adults in
some states but the funniest part of all
this is that Roy Moore seemed to believe
the technology was legitimate right like
it's just a regular handheld metal
detector it clearly doesn't measure the
secretion of D DHT or any chemical which
would indicate whether somebody is a
pedophile as crazy as the entire thing
isn't as brilliant as the entire thing
is Roy Moore seem to believe that the
technology is real I actually think he
kind of passed the test though right
because if he said that oh this is
actually is not my suit coat it's
someone else I'm borrowing it yeah
then he would have failed right but I
think he found the best way out of this
open area that I think he said something
totally boneheaded which is I've been
married 33 years like that doesn't that
doesn't explain whether you do or don't
like little kids right if anything
that's a response that should raise a
red flag because it says nothing about
pedophilia right are you attracted to
prepubescent children
I've been married for 33 years it's
actually a non sequitur when you think
about I guess I'm also just comparing it
to the other Sacha Baron Cohen
interviews yeah like he got one
Republican to blurt out the n-word and
she expose himself he got other
Republicans to advocate for a
kindergardens program where this is very
for year olds have weapons yeah it's
much better no news yet about whether
Morris sending his Jewish lawyer who we
know he has because he and his wife
talked about how they have a Jewish
lawyer in order to prove that they don't
dislike Jews to sue the colonel here and
Sacha Baron Cohen of course dragging
these people beyond the limits of its
absurdity and I was thinking like how
far would he have to go where no one
like everybody gets that it's just just
a goof you know and I think it would be
disturbingly far I think it would be
crazy what he would have to do to get to
a point where nobody thinks it's a real
thing I mean there have been a few
people who have called him out
apparently he showed up to one gun store
yeah and the owner called him out for
being Borat and there's another
congressman who didn't advocate for the
program he was pushing so it doesn't
work every time if you don't like this
tell me why because I think that this is
absolutely and totally brilliant Donald
Trump has unleashed another unhinged
attack on Twitter a series of bizarre
and Confused tweets rife with the bogus
capitalization we've become accustomed
to and most importantly totally baseless
allegations the focus is Robert Muller
and Russia and the investigation I'm
going to show you the tweets it's very
clear Trump is nervous between the manna
for trial starting tomorrow Cohen ready
to give it all up to Robert Muller news
that Trump knew and approved of the
Trump Tower meeting with Russians
promising dirt on Hillary the guy is
clearly nervous and yesterday he
unleashed the following tirade about
Robert Muller I won't even mention that
there are 14 improper 13 improper
capitalizations here just just know that
they're there
there is no collusion Trump said the
Robert Muller rigged witch-hunt headed
but now by 17 increased from 13
including an Obama White House lawyer
angry Democrats was started by a
fraudulent dossier paid for by crooked
Hillary Hemu DNC therefore the
witch-hunt is an illegal scam is Robert
Muller ever going to release his
conflicts of interest with respect to
President Trump
including the fact that we had a very
nasty and contentious business
relationship I turned him down to head
the FBI one day before appointment a
special counsel and Comey is his close
friend also why is Muller only
appointing angry Dems some of whom have
worked for crooked Hillary others
including himself have worked for Obama
and why isn't Muller looking at all of
the criminal activity and real Russian
collusion on the Democrat side
Podesta dossier I'm wondering if there's
anything that's true in that rant 13
random capitalizations but beyond that
Democrats aren't running molars
investigation in fact Republican Moeller
appointed by Republican George W Bush is
running it the dossier wasn't fraudulent
it also wasn't the basis for the
investigation nothing about the probe is
illegal that's been explored
significantly in detail at this point
and the fact that Moeller was FBI
director for Obama again seems totally
irrelevant since he was appointed not
only is he a Republican he was appointed
by Republican George W Bush and what
you've got to realize is that Trump's
four tweet tirade does nothing to attack
the merit or the facts of what happened
or what Cohen knows or what Trump did
and I like how also Trump says he had a
very nasty relationship with Robert
Muller there's this story Pat that molar
angrily left Trump's golf club like ten
years ago over a dispute over golf club
fees Moeller has put out a statement or
his spokesperson has saying he just left
the club there was really no controversy
but in either case that just has nothing
to do with this seem so minor I'm moving
I'm going to a different club I don't
want to support this I'm gonna play golf
somewhere else
yeah that's why there's it there's a
so-called witch-hunt that has already
found 32 people to indict if that's the
big blockbuster that makes Muller
personally committed to it vendetta
against Trump you're gonna need to come
up with something bigger and this is all
the behavior somebody who's really
worried that the probe is not only not
ending its advancing and it's getting
closer and closer to Trump and to put a
final point on that let's go to White
House press secretary Sarah Huckabee
Sanders herself she said back in 2016
quote when you're attacking FBI agents
because you're under criminal
investigation you're losing that seems
to be the most prescient comment about
this entire thing and of course it
wasn't made about Trump at the time but
it certainly seems to apply today send
me your thoughts what do you think is
behind this absolutely unhinged Twitter
tirade that Trump Unleashed I'm on
Twitter at D Pakman the show is on
Twitter at David
Hockman show we had a big bombshell
blockbuster story over the weekend and
it relates to that infamous Trump Tower
meeting this is the meeting attended by
Donald Trump jr. and Paul manna Ford and
Jared Kushner as well as ratata Italian
I'm sorry
Russian lawyer not Italian Russian
lawyer
Natalia vessel Matz kaya a twitch dirt
on Hillary was promised it's the center
of a lot of controversy and the big news
is that Michael Cohen now claims Donald
Trump's personal former personal lawyer
now claims that he was personally there
when Donald Trump was told about the
meeting ahead of time something he
previously denied knowing about and also
said let's do it and this if true is
absolutely and totally massive Michael
Cohen is reportedly willing and ready to
say this to special prosecutor Robert
Muller under oath and it has been
specifically and widely denied by Donald
Trump by everybody around him Donald
Trump claimed that he knew nothing about
this meeting until he heard about it the
following year when the New York Times
asked him about it before they reported
on it that would obviously be untrue if
Michael Cohen's allegations are true of
course Donald Trump continues to deny
knowing about it he says Cohen is lying
to get himself out of other trouble
Donald Donald Trump among other tweets
this weekend sent one where he said
quote I did not know of the meeting with
my son Don jr.
sounds to me like someone is trying to
make up stories in order to get himself
out of an unrelated jam taxi cabs maybe
he even retained Bill and crooked
Hillary's lawyer gee I wonder if they
helped him make the choice the problem
is Trump's already been caught lying
about this meeting right so aside from
Cohen's claim that Trump knew about the
meeting and approved the meeting Donald
Trump initially said he had nothing to
do with drafting the letter that was
published in response to news of the
meeting later we found out Trump
dictated the letter so if anybody here
has a history of lying about this
particular meeting its Donald Trump not
Michael Cohen and Trump said it multiple
lawyers said it's
Huckabee Sanders Trump jr. they all said
Trump knew nothing about it and there
have already been some hints that it
isn't so clear Trump knew nothing
because even though Rudy Giuliani now is
saying it's all lies back in May Rudy
Giuliani didn't even deny it he vaguely
sort of said I would be surprised if
Trump could remember knowing about the
meeting ahead of time which is very
different than to say no Trump knew
nothing about it and then just last
month Rudy Giuliani said the following
to George Stephanopoulos about who wrote
that letter responding to the meeting
which of course was riddled with lies
Rudy Giuliani now explaining why listen
everybody just changes their stories all
the time and a lot of people look at one
of the president shifting explanations
the White House shifting explanations
for what happened in that meeting at the
Trump Tower back in June of 2016 with
Don junior I remember when this was
first reported Jay Sekulow was on my
program so the president had nothing at
all to do with that letter later Sarah
sander said well wait he he sort of
weighed in but he didn't dictate it and
now this letter from the president's
lawyers say very very clearly he
dictated the statement how do you
explain those shifting he's like what
happened to me with the whole situation
of repaying the money that was laid out
by Cohen when I first when the first
president first talked about it nobody
focused on it nobody thought about it
that was a very busy time and then when
we got on board I went through
everything the only change we had to
make at that point this other change
that we made when you consider the big
scope of this narrative four or five
complicated thing the president was
there he was dealing with a letter at
first it was all denied and now you're
saying he dictator I don't know that Jay
Jay would have to answer that and I've
talked to him about it
I think Jay was wrong I mean this is the
reason you don't let the president
testify right you know every
recollection keeps changing this is the
best everyone's recollections are
constantly changing and Rudy Giuliani
tries to excuse the fact that Trump lied
by saying listen I also have lied on
television before of course not what
he's actually implying
so Giuliani has also been vague about
exactly what Trump knew and when and
then in March remember sam nunn Berg he
said to CNN that quote he talked about
it a week before meaning
talked about the meeting a week before
it happened and then we also have Steven
Bannon who in his own book said quote
the chance that Don Jr did not walk
these jou mows up to his father's office
on the 26th floor is zero meaning that
Trump jr. clearly talked about it with
Trump senior but you have to remember
that all along it always seemed like
Trump knew about it and was lying
because two days before the meeting the
meeting was on June 9 2016 2 days before
that June 7 2016 here is Trump on video
promising upcoming dirt on Hillary in
just a few days what a coincidence the
meeting was scheduled for the 9th and on
the 7th Trump says very soon in a few
days I'm gonna have news for you about
hillary clinton of course that never
happened because they didn't actually
get the dirt at the meeting but it's yet
another piece of the story that makes it
seem like Trump did know in fact there's
nothing to suggest Trump didn't know
we've got three people saying Trump
probably knew two Trump definitely knew
two days before Trump previewed it and
even on the day of there were some
tweets sent that related to it and he
dictated the response and also this was
a very small operation right his
presidential campaign yeah he's at his
own building the place where he lives in
the place where he works and it involved
his son his son-in-law and his campaign
manager how did he not know about he
knows nothing about what's why would he
know what's going on in his own building
involving his own kids his own campaign
and the person he's running against that
has nothing really a guy he was making a
deal for a window window treatments at
the time okay so legal issues possible
legal issues first of all no one is
claiming Cohen has recordings right so
it would be Michael Cohen's word that
Trump knew about it and Cohen is willing
to say that under oath to Robert Muller
but let's imagine it could be proven or
at least like if it rises to a claim
that Trump knew in advance and there was
a room full of people who said Trump
said let's do it and you
some kind of corroboration there's a
legal source quoted by Politico which
says everybody in the room when Trump
says let's do this is indictable if one
overt act occurred after the meeting
such as actually having the meeting at
Trump Tower that is potentially
accessory to conspiracy or a conspirator
number two Barbara McQuade is a former
US attorney she says if Trump was aware
of the meaning in advance and said let's
do it that he could face criminal
exposure under a number of different
legal theories although of course that's
separate from whether you can indict a
sitting president right the answer is
probably not you would first need to
impeach not gonna happen under a
Republican House and Senate and the big
issues gonna be corroboration because
Cohen's claim alone isn't likely to make
this open-and-shut but if you've got
Cohen's testimony under oath to robert
muller and Moeller can find emails or
texts that coincide with this that
people who were also in the room may
have sent or received then you have a
different story and Cohen Plus none
Berg's testimony and some text messages
now you've got a building story and this
isn't about whether Trump knew it seems
almost blindingly obvious that he did
the question is can you prove that Trump
knew and that's more complex slowly
every lie is falling apart you'd have to
be willingly ignorant or aggressively
stupid at this point to think Trump had
no idea about the meeting but the
question is can it be proven I think so
and I think it's part of a broader
strategy right Cohen puts out there that
Trump knew about the meeting and then he
has his lawyers go on TV and have them
deny it he denies himself on Twitter and
then you release the tapes I mean that
seems like a pretty good strategy to me
well along those lines
one other thing it's not a hundred
percent clear that the leak that Cohen
is willing to say this came from Cohen
because Cohen's lawyer Lanny Davis said
oh we didn't leak this and that suggests
it was the Trump team that leaked it why
would they do it historically they do
that to get ahead of something that's
even worse and of course Paul Manafort
trial starts tomorrow Michael Cohen is
about to say who knows what there's a
lot of different problems going on so if
Cohen was about to come forward with
this it's possible the Trump team leaked
it to get ahead of it and by the way I'd
still love to see the guys tax rate
let's not forget about that now I want
to go on to the next thing related to
Rudy Giuliani because I now have video
for you so bizarre and so confusing that
it's almost beyond belief except it's
the 2018 Trump administration and
everything is believable so the first
thing I talked about on the program
today
was Rudy Giuliani Trump's actual lawyer
moving from there was no collusion to
