so this is great this is this is a
really serious thing but it also
includes a really funny clip there was a
debate audience that broke out in an
uncontrollable fit of laughter when a
Republican Senate candidate tried to
claim that Donald Trump has been quote
standing up to Russia which of course he
hasn't been doing he's been doing the
opposite of that I'm gonna play the clip
for you and this is part of the sort of
Orwellian Newspeak where they have
straight-up started to say the opposite
of what is going on and this is now
leaking over to Senate candidates who
are trumpets including Republican Senate
nominee Corey Stewart who's running in
Virginia against incumbent Democratic
senator Tim Kaine and Tim Kaine of
course during the debate he talked about
Russian aggression during the 2016
election undeniable at this point he
talked about Russian aggression during
Barack Obama's presidency including the
invasion of Crimea downing an aircraft
over Ukraine here is how Corey Stewart
responded and of course laughter from
both the audience and Tim Kaine and
response it was noticeably silent when
the Russians shot down a Malaysian
airliner when President Obama was in
office he was noticeably silent when the
Russians invaded the Crimea when
President Obama was in office we have a
president who was standing up to the
Russians and now senator Kaine now we
have
now we have senator Kaine now we have
senator Kaine I actually think that a
straight-up uncontrolled fit of laughter
is a pretty damn good way to challenge
these types of nonsense claims it's
actually kind of powerful imagine if
when candidates say such ridiculous
things instead of trying to fight it
point by point when they've thrown out
10 lies in a minute and convince people
which you won't be able to do right if
the entire room simply starts laughing
hysterically at the obvious lies and
then you just move on it starts to take
on an air of this childish ignorance
from these people is so dumb and so
inaccurate that it's actually funny it
doesn't even require a response and this
is not normally my view right my view is
ad homonyms aren't arguments and you
need to take the arguments on at their
core but when the arguments are not even
based in fact and this is something that
over the weekend a number of interesting
articles were written in the context of
Holocaust denial and how Holocaust
denial should be managed on online
forums because you're fundamentally not
going to be able to actually fight it
with facts because the people who are
committed to Holocaust denial are not
going to be influenced by facts what
about just laughing and if they can say
it themselves right something like Trump
is tough on Russia without cringing or
getting red in the face how are you
going to convince them that they're just
simply wrong so maybe you do laugh off
the entire thing because it's an utterly
condescending way that could actually
show that there's a total absence of
logic and rationality laughter and
ridicule as the tactic instead of logic
and rationality and these types of
administration officials and candidates
they aren't based on logic and they're
not based on rationality so you can't
use those tools against them they care
about looking tough and acting tough and
imposing their view on others and
imposing their inaccurate views on
others so maybe just by laughing at them
you make them look silly and their ideas
hopefully go nowhere send me your
thoughts about the laughter technique
and do you think that it would be
effective not in change
their minds their minds aren't going to
be changed but in exposing the lack of
believability about the nonsense that
they're spewing to others to people in
the crowd to people who watch this stuff
on TV send me your thoughts about that
so I've said before I don't really
believe in using this type of language
as legitimate political language but but
it's sort of is the right language to
use here
Trump's been totally cooked by Vladimir
Putin and I know that Pat gets very very
upset when I use that kind of language
and he pulls me aside after the show and
we often have to have a conversation
that that embarrasses max because of how
crazy it gets but he's been totally cut
by Putin who has rejected Trump's
invitation to the White House into
Washington DC one of the things that
came out of the Helsinki summit other
than the sort of undeniable obvious
confirmation that Trump is a total
captive of Vladimir Putin's is that
Trump wants Putin at the White House
they were calling it a sort of second
summit but this time not on neutral
ground like Helsinki but rather on Putin
oh sorry
Freudian slip on Trump's turf Washington
DC in the United States and it wasn't
really clear whether this was a good
idea or a bad idea until yesterday when
Russia announced that they're gonna
reject the invitation they're rejecting
Trump's offer for a summit and it is
making Trump once again look like the
humiliated fool that he is getting
played by world leaders all over the
world and when you think about one of
Putin's top goals as meddling in the
2016 election to destabilize American
democracy and to make Russia seem like a
power player the Alpha around the world
this is the exact message that is
reinforced when Russia says Oh Trump
invited Putin to the White House
no thanks this isn't the right time and
for the time being
Russia is saying no Trump top Putin
Kremlin aide Yuri ochakov said quote
after the summit you know what kind of
atmosphere there is around its outcome I
think it would be wise to let the dust
settle and then we can discuss all these
questions in a businesslike way but not
now and this invitation was not some
random offhanded
statement from Trump just last week
Trump and White House press secretary
Sarah Huckabee Sanders said preparations
were already underway for the visit
right you don't say you're already
preparing for the visit unless you're
thinking about it as a serious thing and
now Putin says now can't be bothered
right now maybe some other time
Trump even tweeted about it last week
saying the summit with Russia was a
great success except with the real enemy
of the people the fake news media I look
forward to our second meeting so that we
can start implementing some of the many
things discussed including stopping
terrorism security for Israel nuclear
proliferation cyberattacks trade Ukraine
Middle East peace North Korea and more
there are many answers some easy and
some hard to these problems but they can
all be solved apparently not with Putin
at the White House though ouch totally
played once again right Putin is kind of
like the pickup artist
and Trump is the naive youngster who
thinks he's such a nice guy why wouldn't
I go on another date with I was thinking
that this was gonna stir up Trump's
daddy issues right I think Trump has one
of those complexes where his dad never
truly accepted him yeah so he was always
upset with himself right had to have his
dad bail him out so many times with his
business endeavors right I don't like
the same thing right if we think that
Trump is Putin working for Putin and yet
Putin won't even visit the White House
that's kind of shame him the art of the
deal this guy I mean can you think of a
worse deal maker than Trump in politics
Putin is just straight-up
toying with the guy but we got along so
well in Helsinki and now he says he
doesn't want to play in my sandbox how
many times from get humiliated by Putin
before the Trump is say enough is enough
this guy is embarrassing our country
unfortunately it's a very very high
number I don't think I don't think we're
anywhere close to the number of times
Trump needs to get humiliated by Putin
before the trumpets will say this might
not be working out as well as the so
called the renewed friendship with
Russia was supposed to be working out
the trumpets don't care they're gonna
stick with them it could have been
Russia who declined the information the
invitation it could have been Israel who
declined the invitation it could've been
a 400-pound man sitting on a bed
somewhere who listen there's nearly 200
countries out there so the fact that
Russia is not coming to Washington DC
could actually relate to Equatorial
Guinea's decision or maybe the Chilean
President made the call could be anybody
tons of countries out there as Donald
Trump often likes to say we have the
first casualty from Sacha Baron Cohen's
news show who is America Baron Cohen is
of course the actor who has developed
such characters as Ali G Borat Bruno and
in this new show that he has on Showtime
he plays a a new character he's an
Israeli firearms instructor named Iran
Murad who claims to support everything
from burka bands to training
four-year-olds to use firearms and he
has gotten some really high-profile
interviews Pat including everybody from
I don't even know where a standard
Sanders hiyo
Sarah Palin I think realized that
something wasn't right or she bailed Roy
Moore was interviewed by him and today
we have the first casualty which is
Jason Spencer Jason Spencer's a Georgia
state lawmaker he was apparently so
taken with kernel Iran Murad that he
ended up supporting a burqa ban yelling
the n-word incessantly pretending to be
an Asian tourists during which he
adopted a stereotypical Asian accent and
at one point actually dropped his pants
to quote use his buttocks to intimidate
Isis here is a piece of the video and
word warning but I think that his
buttocks is going to be blurred out for
people that are watching take a look at
this because of who you are you could be
the victim of kidnapping by Isis you
have two seconds to attract attention
how do you attract attention you start
screaming take your clothes off in
America there is one forbidden world it
is the N world now I am going to be the
terrorist you have three seconds to
attack the tension go you crazy
the N word is nuni not this world this
world is disgusting Janet
Isis are scared of being seen as Omo you
know it it mean Omo
if your buttock touch them it means they
have become a transsexual now I am going
to teach you how to use your buttocks to
intimidate Isis
show me the buttock no trousers down
okay go
good one more time
but louder with America we say in the
Mossad I mean not in the Mossad if you
want to win you show some skin ok ok
show it to me now try to touch me
I'll touch you touch you with my bags
now touch it you will drop the gun
I'll touch you you are say ok stop you
have to remind me if I touch you you
will become a homosexual
ok now try to touch me go go go
ok yes on you show me your weapon go oh
thank you homosexual you drop that gun
right now you I think the most
incredible thing is that when you watch
this clip
Spencer's behavior is so insane and so
outrageous that it's actually hard to
believe he's not an actor and that this
is all scripted it's so wack that it
seems like Spencer is working for the
show but he wasn't and he's now
resigning after this he is blaming Sasha
Baron Cohen saying that he was taking
advantage of he put out a statement
through the Atlanta journal-constitution
saying that quote in posing as an
Israeli agent Cohen pretended to offer
self-defense exercises as uncomfortable
as I was to participate I agreed to
understanding that these quote
techniques were meant to help me and
others fend off what I believed was an
inevitable attack I deeply regret the
language I used at Cohen's request as
well as my participation in the class
general if I had not been so distracted
by my fears I never would have agreed to
participate in the first place obviously
the first thing anybody does when they
believe that their family may be at risk
is you go somewhere and you start
yelling the N word out incessantly like
you're having a grand old party and he's
framed himself as just being so scared
that he was scared into participating
because of fear for his family imagine
just for a second okay here's what I was
thinking about Pat if you can get Jason
Spencer to say on camera the N word like
it's a party and fake an Asian accent
what is he willing to do behind the
scenes and what could a lobbyist get him
to do by offering him some money yeah I
mean he was totally exposed here right I
don't think I I think he does genuinely
believe these things deep down and would
say these things in private
I agree normally you wouldn't do that on
camera but he was duped here and I think
that's the genius of Sasha Baron Cohen
you're better off that Jason Spencer is
resigning now a lot of people do have a
problem with what Sasha Baron Cohen is
doing they're saying you you are
misrepresenting the person that you are
and thus the entire thing is sort of
dishonest at its base I don't know that
that's a good that could be an argument
against Sacha Baron Cohen's a format
right that how he does what he does with
Ali G Borat whoever but that's not a
defense of Jason Spencer because I don't
care what costume Sacha Baron Cohen puts
on I'm not gonna start yelling the N
word out incessantly right it just not
gonna happen I don't care what costume
or who he claims to be yeah I mean your
true colors are revealed here and some
people are failing the test others are
passing the test that's currently
Sanders for example he wasn't fooled by
it he could kind of pick up on the fact
that Sasha was playing a character and
even Sarah Palin and she as we're told
Sarah Palin identified that the person
claiming to be a so-called veteran of
the service was actually Sacha Baron
Cohen and was not a former service
member and walked out of the interview
not everybody is falling for this stuff
and we are all better off with Jason
Spencer resigning I think that there is
no question about that if you disagree
that Spencer should have to resign as a
result of this please let me know and
you can discuss it on the david pakman
show subreddit at david pakman.com slash
re d di t what's been interesting
since Trump became president is the
number of Republicans who are willing to
go out there and say I disagree with the
President on this the president is wrong
about this jeff Flake john mccain susan
collins lisa murkowski
all of those people how lindsey graham
at one point marco rubio the other day
they're all willing to come out there
and say I disagree with the President on
issue X Y or Z or he took a wrong
approach to his summit with Putin
unfortunately none of these Republicans
aside from maybe giving a short
interview talking about how bad the
President did are actually willing to
stand up for him Lindsey Graham in the
early days of this administration
happened to be one of the biggest anti
Trump voices in the US Senate and then
he started going golfing with the
president and suddenly his tune changed
I mean it was almost overnight the guy
left the Golf Course and then started
talking about how great Donald Trump was
but then a few months went by no more
golf invites so he started going after
him a little bit more same thing with
Jeff Flake right Jeff Flake super loud
anti Trump guy and yet 16 different
times at least the Jeff Flake has said I
disagree with the President on this and
we cannot stand for it he's ended up
either backing down or voting or the
specific thing or person that he said
was so awful there is no real never
Trump Republican in Washington DC they
don't actually exist
what does exist is a cabal of
Republicans who understand that some of
them have to face reelection some of
them are ending their careers and don't
want to be looked upon negatively by the
American public either way they're
trying to do two things at once and one
is to give this public face of a person
who's not going to take it a person who
doesn't stand for what Trump stands for
but then we have the very private face
because after all let's let's be
perfectly honest here most Americans
don't go and check the voting records
you might see it occasionally come up in
a campaign
add so-and-so voted for this most of it
is shrouded in you know language that
paints it one way when in fact it's
another so nobody goes back and checks
the voting records or very few people do
not enough people do that gives these
never Trump Republicans the clearance to
say one thing publicly and they do a
different thing privately and that is
what we're seeing today and it's not
just they won't protect Muller it's not
just that they voted down the
congressional legislation that would
have prevented Donald Trump from
starting this trade war it's not just
that they won't let that interpreter
from that Putin meeting last week come
and testify before Congress it's all of
it these Republicans today have been
given so many opportunities to be heroes
I mean that's what they don't even
understand these guys could have been
the ones to save the day they could have
been the ones calling for that
interpreter from the Putin meaning to
come come to Congress they could have
been the ones to save the jobs that are
being lost now from the trade wars had
they acted but they don't and it's
because they're afraid they've seen
what's happened to Jeff Flake through
Donald Trump's Twitter attacks they've
seen what has happened to John McCain
through the the same Twitter attacks and
all that is his words neither of those
men have actually been punished in any
way by Donald Trump because he can't
actually do it he just goes on Twitter
makes fun of them people in his
administration make fun of them and
that's the end of it but even the threat
of just being made fun of by the
President on Twitter is enough to make
these Republicans completely complicit
with everything that this man has done
the only way to solve this problem is to
vote them out they're not going to come
around they're not going to suddenly
realize oh wait yeah I forgot to do
everything that I said I was going to do
against you it'll never happen
none of these Republicans are ever going
to be the heroes that we need them
to be even though they've had plenty of
opportunity to do it if they wanted to
they could have done it months ago
but every single one of them failed to
do it I'm fairing cousins and for David
Pakman today we'll be right back so
let's continue our discussion we've got
the NRA we've got this 29 year old
Russian agent named Maria boo Tina who's
now been indicted for working on behalf
of Russia in the United States without
being a registered foreign agent we have
a fewer of the david pakman show who
actually was at a class with Maria boo
Tina and exchanged emails with her and
he sent them to me and I've been
reviewing them and I don't know whether
they they're really relevant for the
show I don't know if he's okay with me
showing them to you but I've been
reviewing a lot of the activity that
