I live most of my life out on YouTube
with only a little channel handful of
subscribers mmm
I reckon they didn't like me on the
platform long bit back then it was
mostly just me uploading short videos
and me talking to my camera hmm ain't
had nothing but a bed see the camera
come for the microphones down there well
back then the Young Turks used to make
like a better sport of me they teased me
quite a bit I got to the point where I
could feed hopper cheese and biscuits
four times a week but mostly I just sat
out there making videos on my channel
well one night I was doing much nothing
just tearing that to youtube mm-hmm
searching on a preggers u video for the
Electoral College all I could find was a
nerd trying to make up tutorials and my
suggested food so I logged into my
YouTube account to see what was wrong
with it
turned out that was video didn't put in
restricted
I haven't been unsubscribed from the
ladder was crowded my favorite channel
mmm I had to reach subscribe quite a bit
but even when I did I didn't receive no
notifications and had to hit the bell
three times
mm-hmm but then I ain't see nothing but
Trevor nobody owes my suggested feed
then I just seen reading I hired myself
a higher facing lawyer some people think
he's a Mexican he's higher face mmm-hmm
got Holman little shake ties and here to
stick out straight I decide of his here
don't matter how he could it I reckon
you just buff out like that Dyke his
pitching because he's out of fun and
whatnot
hmm but I had my little build area go on
in that talk with YouTube with top
lawyers and partly with theme about our
question don't my channel but they
didn't answer nowhere to not the
restrictions he monetization
they just kept asking that to spend more
money on advertising and screaming
what'd you do bang for what you
do Bane fur mmm
I reckon that made me madder than the
whole notification business I had bill
Richman he's out fighting some people
think he's half Mexican he's half asian
I had him walk right on into Sue's
muddies Keys office at YouTube sure
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
mother-in-law to wedding sorry dad I see
it is that's it not only father's but
uncles and grant let's take at a wedding
there's some don't trust the uncles to
do that do not trust the uncles it's
alcohol you don't know it's not it no
it's not
I have teetotaling relatives huh for me
it's the alcohol open bars as well for
you it's always the alcohol all right we
have great guests today we have Nicole
Arbour on boom we have Dinesh D'Souza on
she's pretty we were going have already
lying on but uh well it didn't work out
we have them on we love art we're gonna
have them on next week obviously this
comes as no surprise
so that'll that'll probably be a
pre-taped and this this was a pre tape
with Nicole Arbour because of boobs
butts sling my what because a sling mud
club all right listen before we move on
first up question of the day have you
found that debate because we'll be
getting into this a clip from the rebel
which i think is emblematic of how the
left debates have you found that
debating with progressives has become
easier and easier thanks to the talking
points now becoming so predictable and a
follow up put a percentage on it I'd
like to hear from you we often hear
about the radical left and finding the
center what percentage of today's
Democrats would you put under sort of
the classical JFK liberal versus
perpetual victim complex progressive
today give a percentage point let me
know because I think they're a
significant majority and when you're a
majority you're no longer radical fringe
as it relates to the progressive wing
all right producer these main videos to
do as always this charity was not a fun
Twitter not could you describe the
comments your thoughts your photoshop's
I fulfill my obligations are you good
I'm good I appreciate it and we have at
G Morgan Jr the creator look at that
picture
okay the creator of Marley R so what is
that looks like the singer from corn
maybe at Brody now Brautigan is it is
filling in here temporarily you are my
first hire actually a lot are with
CARICOM yes I have seniority
how long have so how long we work
together gods I think we said since 87
about five years yes six years yeah and
people you can send him out your stories
at Brautigan he's often the one who gets
us stories going in the morning any
happened to be in town also Cockburn is
something he said I don't like that lead
in one bit I just got out of the clink
to escape the Cockburn University
researchers have barely run out of
things to research a new study suggests
that people are racist against black
household robots what comes from
spectrum Wally I guess as a website the
findings of a new study suggests that
people perceive robots with
anthropomorphic features to have race
and as a result of the same race related
prejudices is a prejudice robots well
you know what maybe if they weren't so
lippy let's say my Google Home has a
race but it refuses to play any other
Jimmy Buffett that's it there how many
times I ask for killer Mike it's a race
if it's just Margaritaville on an aloof
the race is college dropout and yeah you
know point about this product up and
kill us one day yeah yeah the t2 thing
for you right there it is I don't if
action listen that was my favorite
movies a kid don't turning our attention
to Hollywood Ryan Reynolds attached to a
revision of the film home alone this was
called stoned alone sending around you
guessed at a pothead though actually it
seems the title might need to be renamed
as to not confuse it with the Saudi
Arabian holiday called classic
wearing a woman drove by herself there
is at least a cross between baby driver
and not without my daughter and and
stoning of sir I am yes all about it's
fun for the whole family such an
advanced culture so the film centers
around a twenty-something weed-growing
loser who misses the plane for his
holiday ski trip first answer the
casting call was macaulay culkin because
he does that thanks there's look at look
at there's no way michael jackson did
not have something no no you got a piece
he touched him in a way that he will
never ever since home alone i've been
preparing for this role
ready yeah bring me back ever since home
alone one he's been pretty was locked
into the home alone yeah remember brock
turner is anyone here cuz because i
didnt does everyone remember yeah
remember um convicted of sexual assault
for those don't know his lawyer is now
claiming that he only engaged in quote
outercourse
not intercourse what is the point of
that
well okay people this is how it's
described from People magazine the
lawyer defined outercourse as sexual
activity while clothes that can be
considered a form of safe sex way to put
a spin on it the Turner quote didn't
intend to rape the victim which to be
fair I guess we're doing the definition
of is but it isn't as bad as intercourse
which of course is sex between galaxies
and then Christopher Nolan and secured
the rights to in Sept the course which
is sex within a sex within a
walls go like this and there's rape
somewhere also known as also is a
casting call with Harvey Weinstein yes I
mean obviously you're talking about rape
so I'm not making fun of that but that's
like the dumbest thing I've ever heard
outercourse what kind of balls do you
have to have to claim that it's your
defense apparently it doesn't matter
because you're wearing jeans anyway so
it's it's irrelevant I cannot believe it
this is a transcript imagine going for
imagine going forward in a court and
Blake no no no your honor
it was out of course debt is where my
client was merely dry humping her leg
against her will simple battery like if
you were to create a sleazy lawyer who's
who will say anything
you would create this yeah this is what
he'd say yes it's attorney outercourse
does it hold water I don't know what all
I did was hump a leg the question is
like the three months that Brock was in
prison
how much out of course did he get yeah
let's see if he splits the definition
early that's Shawshank core so in a
related story a man who has no penis
[Laughter]
[Laughter]
another quote one of the women believed
she was being penetrated by his penis
[Laughter]
when it comes to the work on the force
 burns no joke detective we now have
two cases in two weeks of women being
sexually accosted sir all right
better just send the son down the
Special Victims Unit there's only one
problem sir
it's the assailant he didn't have a oh
my god that means there's only one
choice we need to bring in the Cockburn
sir with all due respect coppers too
close to this sir cappers had enough
yeah but I'll tell you in Cockburn's had
enough you may not like Cockburn you may
not like the methods you may not even
like the fact that Cockburn will push
you to your limits just to find out what
they are but my god there's no one
better for this case than Cockburn
and the only reason you're still
standing here is because you know and
you son of a sir I don't think
it's a good idea not since oh I know
about Oakland don't you think I know
about that but sir Cochran's wife was
killed by this man come over here deputy
if you want to have a job in my precinct
you keep your mouth shut about
Oakland he'll be selling cigarettes out
of a bodega on 8th and wacker between
paying a hobos playtoy so fast it'll
make your head spin do you hear me I
wouldn't call on Cockburn unless
absolutely necessary my god when you're
out there with inkless monsters roaming
these streets with no end in sight and
you need the best damn person for this
hyper specific niche Millia you thank
the sweet lord jesus that someone exists
out there like Cockburn yes commissioner
get Cockburn silver dollar
we have no choice all right you can't
make these things we have to get well no
we did we did we got a real show it's
not a real film in case you didn't know
no can you imagine him going and buying
set and inanimate objects at the adult
stores and it's like give me something
that won't raise any eyebrows or it's
not clear the stories might clarify but
those objects well what do you think it
was room it could be a plastic sword the
point is with this honestly usually if
someone is sexually costing someone he
is meeting in between you know needing
oxygen if you read this story the guy
had a very well-thought-out plan to hide
the fact that the light toys always had
to be off no one could look him in the
eye
she's like here how about this one no
that I just it's a very very bizarre
crime I'm going to safety deposit box
and give them all my coins
oh my guess it's got to be the dumbest
thing that bird always gets her man you
hear partner badge heads will never get
this real story you'll never see two gay
guys trying to pull this off I mean you
really I don't think it would work the
same yeah I don't know I guess Patrick
Stewart is not gay what a lot of people
thought he was gay with yeah I thought
he was gay he was like he still does not
convinced by hammock Ian McKellen yeah
which is funny because II McKellen seems
way less gay yeah you know very if they
were to say actually whatever for
example you know it would take for them
becoming an actual gay couple just
Patrick Stewart saying yes yeah yeah
every man
they're Hollywood's hottest couple
people get mad it's like what do you
think yeah I'm saying that men are just
so animalistic and their sexual urges
you remove one part of that equation
which is a curtain yeah yeah just yeah
gay people it's just a party of yes as
opposed to lesbian couples where it's a
party of I have a headache exactly and
that goes exactly aspirin may get the
cockscomb happy sensitive I think that
goes against like for some reasoning
guys heads we think of guys and guys and
we're like ah that's it's incredibly
gross right yes and then for some reason
the general public not me
when you think about two girls are like
it seems plausible it's too hot and
that's actually the opposite of what
happens doesn't you know that's one
thing obviously to me is oh it's just
never Mattox a people like they're like
four boobs four boobs are better than
two that's with an explanation just men
like seen breasts yes come on
sorry Madison we have a girl who works
with us now in the awareness and you
know I'm pretty sure we didn't let the
cat out of the bag all right move on to
this this comes to us from the rebel I
highly recommend that you go watch the
entire clip before that by the way hit
our notification bail because
subscriptions don't mean anything
anymore
and join my club you get this full hour
show every single day lot of clutter
calm slash mug Club in live streams if
you don't you can live some every
Thursday here on YouTube at 8:00 p.m.
Eastern anyway so this comes from the
rebel please go watch the whole video
for context I just thought it was very
good it was perfect to crystallize the
techniques the tactics I left use right
now when it comes to debating and mainly
there are five and you've heard us talk
about them but we wanted to take a video
and give you a play-by-play just in case
there were any doubt so let's go to the
first but were right away this person by
the way this is after the term to set
the context after the toronto shooting
yeah not a lot of news about this for
people who don't know it was a big
shooting I think 16 people were shot
finally wow how do you know how many
people died did it I'm not sure what
lest I heard - last I heard - okay
that's why I'd hurt - because you never
know obviously some tragedies happen but
right after that one reporter for the
rebel went and spoke about obviously the
Muslim ties so right away this lady
freaks out and goes to progressive
tactic number one before the clip the
number one technique they uses
of course accuse racism she and she just
got a clip can you please not descend
into racist things right now please what
I'm sorry what did I say that was racist
sorry this is not what Canada is about
Canada is not about racism the rebel is
a racist source of news okay I love the
fact that she started with like still on
the phone with a friend yes like I have
to pull you back I gotta go on the phone
with her friend while she has kids there
with objects that could be easily
swallowed like I'm sorry I actually I'm
actually I'm doing pseudo cool my child
please the plastic bag over his head I
think so in record time too by the way
the racism and then we know this I don't
really even need to go over as a whole
but it's a tool that's used to actually
bring you into their their number two
technique which we'll get to in a second
but first here's what's important why
did she accuse this reporter again go
watch the whole video at the rebel it's
up here on YouTube or I think rebel dot
media why'd she accuse him of being
racist here's exactly why I say anything
that was racist shooter had visited Isis
websites that is not I said CBS in the
US I said CBS in the u.s. is reporting
that okay alright and the truth is the
day that this video was being filmed CBS
was reporting that the shooter was but
by the way the Muslim shooter had
expressed interest in Isis yes
by the way Isis even took credit for it
so it doesn't sound like they were too
far off base no at least potentially
right no you never know you can't always
go by what Isis takes credit for no no
that's definitely true if anyone kills
anybody Isis like is it all count over
to yeah we know what really pisses me
off about this is if you watch it from
the beginning he's very like politely
asking questions he asked a separate
question about motive and then said hey
here's what's being reported what do you
think and this lady who is absolutely
not a part of the conversation leans in
still on the cell phone oh they're
talking about some racist stuff hold on
I gotta chime in because people think my
opinions valued yeah exactly
so she's she's a horrible human being
and this brings us to the method number
two I was talking about the next thing
that she does and we see this one okay
so let's just tell you how you have no
right to speak they just try to deny
your right to speak completely we see
her do that multiple times throughout
the video don't come here
the rebel really you need you don't need
to be here right now and this you are
not my community you can leave now you
so cold medias need to not be here based
on based on whose authority you have no
business being here with your racist
crap get your racist crap out of my
community get it out now
was that the Somali pirate from Kevin
Brown a few pounds looking for a 15
gonna be in there not the hero this
Toronto needs your Toronto belongs to me
report is gone I am the captain where I
am the dark night now where's his crack
by the way this is just not necessarily
appointment just for complete bonus
stupidity and insanity this is the kind
of argument that only the insane
rant about the rebel is a racist source
of news because we're asking people
their opinion of mass shooting and the
match what is the mass shooting have to
do with a man that busily come on
come on man have to do with a man who
you didn't finish that sentence that
sentence because the sentence makes
absolutely no sense whatsoever you put
words together to make a phrase that
confuses people who are not
it's like flip microwave toaster bagel
wait wait why that why should I have to
explain have to tell you cuz I want to
know if I need to call the EMTs if you
have a stroke racist so this brings us
example it's just to let they don't want
to deal in reality and I don't know if
she even believes what she's saying or
if she's just that stupid or if she's so
dogmatic but she doesn't realize she's
that stupid it's like the stupid liberal
chicken and egg but the chicken is at
the egg she's just following chicken
liberal Toronto mayor who instead by the
way use this exact same tragedy to
immediately pivot to gun control you've
heard me ask the question of why anybody
would need to buy 10 or 20 guns which
they can lawfully do under the present
laws and that leads to another question
we need to discuss why does anyone in
this city need to have a gun at all I
know you've been answering that
won't fully eliminate tragedies like
this but even if we can prevent one of
these incidents then in my view it is a
Scott a discussion worth having that's
