it's politically incorrect to smoke a
cigar it's politically correct to smoke
weed with this shows how sick our
society is that there's been a war on
cigars but not on marijuana all right
very glad to have our next guest as you
may know some people right away will be
incredibly offended triggered this is
one time two also can get a long shot
here yeah where we covered up our
sponsor Walther they're not gonna be
happy but they don't care they're good
sports with our next guest book of
course Exodus Exodus but the rationale
Bible we've talked with him about that's
before he's also a big cigar guy and
pipe guys so today the entire episode
he's going to teach us the ins and outs
and also mattock and the loaded could go
weird places a little bit of the
legislative fight with with cigars very
different yet the weed folks but still
very real you can follow them on twitter
at dennis prager mr. Prager how are you
sir great to be with you my friend
and I wish I could smoke with you right
now
funny because later today I'm doing my
fire my weekly fireside chat know where
a lot of thank God a lot of people watch
and I smoke a cigar the entire time cuz
I'm in my house right right now I'm at
my radio studio I just finished my my
national radio show so I can't smoke
here but I do within the house I have a
great wife who's totally at peace with
it now by so I I am gonna give you more
philosophy of cigars than you believe
exists okay well let's get it we'll get
into that but first we have to we have
to like this this puppy what are you
well because son computers in here
didn't know if anyone this is just the
standard brick house cigar which
actually for the money isn't is not a
bad cigar in my opinion my favorites are
I think I totally the the Melania I like
a lot I like the the Espanola Residence
Life you know and here haven't you heard
she's been cooped up some button
somewhere he's a but this is just
something that's a little less offensive
for people in the room because you know
sensitive Constitution so it's a normal
brick house the Churchill length yeah
gotcha so I want you to know I tweeted
this out last month by sheer chance I
came across an article
morning news they interviewed the oldest
American I think the guy's 111 or
hundred thousand black guy the black guy
is in the Armed Forces they asked him
they said look we know you're always
asked this but we'll ask you anyway
what's the secret to your longevity and
the guy without blinking just simply
said God and cigars I said this is my
man if he's right I'm going to 116 there
you go what I love about him - he
doesn't get it exactly in first up it
looks like he's smoking very bottom
shelf cigars if you wash it and he goes
thinking is about well that smoke
monster
I don't inhale I do it the healthy way
we're like well I don't know if you'd
say the healthy way but it's certainly
less harmful than inhaling yeah shows me
and he's lighting it's not it's not like
a vegetable it's lighting it on his
stove if you want yes if you watch these
like we had before we have to the first
sketch once we had no lighter with us we
had a lighted on an electric stove which
hit spoiler impossible yes so he does do
that if you watch the video go watch it
I'll send it to you after it is video I
read the article I got to watch the
video you're right he's face version of
stuff my father who passed away at 96
would have gave me given the same answer
yeah got it cigars well I don't want him
I don't want to mislead our audience I'm
not I can't make the medical claim that
cigars lead longevity but speaking of
legging letting in our stuff okay so
first off what's the proper way to toast
and light a cigar for Pilar light first
before that we have the biggest of all
philosophical questions regarding a star
what type of hole do you make on the top
yes okay so those people who don't know
it comes wrapped right and you have to
make a hole obviously you can't breathe
in any smoke right so there are three
types a hole cut which I call
circumcision it's just a hole cut right
right the whole time guillotine
yeah guillotine right another one is a
bullet hole where you get a sharp thing
and you die got here a punch right punch
it in and the third is a v cut it's
shaped like a pyramid sort of it's or
viii and you slide the thing across the
bottom it's steel and it makes a
beautiful indentation and it that's my
favorite
at least rick is the whole car yeah you
know what I have a V cutter and I like
it on bigger gauge cigars not for those
who don't know I was mainly a pipe guy
this is something that Nike Gerry myself
I've to pipe is great it is but I you
were the one who got me into cigars more
by he introduced me to some different
kinds I had smoked before cigars before
now I'm not a certainly changed cigar
smoker but I enjoy them very much I have
a V cutter I like that on bigger ring
gauges for people who don't know they're
different you know they gauge it gauge
by ring size in the United States so
50/50 to I think this is a 50 by 7 a
Churchill sized longer it would take a v
cut I typically do it on 54 or large
right to the v-cut and this is a 9
millimeter punch so a little bit bigger
than the standard punch and this I do
it's just totally opinionated a zoom in
on it can we can we get a zoom on this
the reason now I will tell you this mr.
fragran maybe you can correct me the
reason I like this is if a a punch is
sharp and long it won't realize you know
you can get cheap punches but it does
have to be sharp there's no risk of it
crushing anything or compacting
like so if you don't get a good draw
with a punch you're not going to you
won't get a good draw with any cut is
what I've encountered and it's
convenient because I can keep it on my
keychain if I go through TSA so that's
why a man is this there you go oh there
you go look he's got his whole keep
there you go okay well there is that
there you see yes I usually think it's a
bullet yes
yeah I've seen that too then I showed
them you see I twisted it there and you
could see yeah
and they go oh it's just it's just a
circular razor blade you're free to go
exactly the guys don't know they don't
know okay so toasting this because I
want to get this started as we continue
it's alright this is a very tough
question I have bought the idea that you
light it first and then you start
smoking as a soup supposed to puffing in
wild lighting I have no idea whether
that is an old wives tale or old
husband's tale as it as it is or or true
I have no idea okay I do it
now separately I somehow think it's a
waste of time but I do it anyway I
appreciate your candor so would you do
it in a 45 degree angle and toast the
edges show me here I've got the light
going how are you do you put the net
generally you put the lighter at the
angle on this cigar straight out so what
yes okay that's right
and then just realize okay man I do you
want to make it you been do you purge
when you when you open the lighters
being a little bit difficult here trying
to diss on camera do you purge at all
some people I know they do a quick purge
of it because they claim of the butane
might oh my gosh I am I am NOT in that
arena no okay all right now wait now do
it while puffy gaming you'll see how
much faster of course yeah that's
usually a so I'm not sure it's not
nonsense there you go you see look at
that yeah it may be nonsense
it could be nonsense but I really like
it is if I'm at a cigar bar and they've
got you know women walking around
lighting your cigar for you then I'm
happy if they take their time no that's
called hooters
but I will smoke I'm sure that's a
regular restaurant no no I you know you
you ever been to cigar bars where
they're there oh I have I haven't
experienced the first time I ever had a
cigar I look back and I know the person
was measurement and I get to it has a
cigarillo there so that's a soft flame
lighter there um I went there it was the
Chop House in Grand Rapids member that
jerk yeah a great a great little cigar
great little cigar lodge they would give
you half off on your birthday with steak
the best day cuz it I would go and get
the venison medallions was my birthday
I'd never had us to cut off your entire
meal your entire me or to I never had a
cigar before at this point I said I
don't know what should I do they come up
and they offer all the cuts and looking
back I want to say because it was my
birthday they gave me something fancy I
don't something with a lot of Leggero in
it which is free you'll explain to
people very high nicotine looking back
it was it wasn't
Leflore dominicana might have been in
something like an Opus it was absurdly
expensive I didn't enjoyed it all and
then they kicked us out because I said
they have a party coming in so I'm
driving home I don't nothing like and I
have it basically hanging out of my
mouth with the wind going by because my
wife doesn't want this
our smoke in the car like a snorkel
breathing through it non-stop and I got
home by the way I don't I don't smoke in
the car even for me it's too suggested
or under an arena well I like it I like
to rule like you're sitting in now
that's perfect this is what we do we
have some air exchangers in here so the
studio is good long story short I did
not handle that cigar very well the room
was spinning and I got very sick and
then I learned later on about the
different kinds of cigars so yeah I've
been to a cigar lounge once now let me
ask you this we can get into cigar
philosophy and I want to continue with
that one thing I've noticed for sure
though if you're at lounges for example
I was in Florida there's a cigar lounge
or even in northern Michigan it seems
pretty consistent across the board in my
experience anecdotally that you find a
lot of conservatives in the cigar nose
right why do you think that it's because
it's politically incorrect to smoke a
cigar it's politically correct to smoke
weed which just shows how sick our
society is that there's been a war on
cigars but not on marijuana yes this is
not tampered with our brain well with my
pilot smoke the cigar the entire flight
I would be thrilled feed the entire
flight I would not be thrilled smoothest
landing your ass well it's true I think
about every great every great piece of
fiction of the last several centuries
almost all of them nicotine or caffeine
assembly no I'm not saying people should
go out and light up cigars though they
are no no cigarettes will kill you
hourly kill one third of cigarette
smokers according to the Lung
Association die eventually of lung
cancer and I believe that but two-thirds
don't that's also significant too but I
would not smoke cigarettes remember and
this people don't understand that it
drives me crazy when they say war on
tobacco tobacco's not the issue
inhaling is the issue you are not
inhaling now you are bringing the smoke
into your mouth for a taste right not it
to your lungs for a nicotine effect this
is true something else do I actually
have this up in front of me the FDA
finally released and I'm sure you know
about this but I have to talk about us
for audience the FDA released a study
where
finally eliminated people who smoked two
cigars per day or less handmade cigars
because all the previous studies
included people who are smoking swisher
Sweets and basically cigarettes that
look like cigars at at gas stations and
they found that people who smoked two
cigars per day or less the increased
mortality risk of cancer overall is
statistically insignificant
statistically nonsignificant that's very
rare for the FDA to say something like
that I did not know about that when did
that come out I want to brought this oh
darn it well you know what here people
have already a chance to mention my book
there you go Dennis pretty well think
I'm actually a CS Lewis all of these
guys always over piped her cigars back
and they would philosophize they would
get into theory they get into - what's
the word I'm looking for here the real
depth of the sea of life feel at
theology ology I'm not a good ambassador
right now look nicotine makes you dumb
you should smoke weed it's a smart drug
Exodus God slavery and freedom the
rational Bible highly recommended I've
been very much enjoying it here's a
question for you how often are you
supposed to what's the recommended
amount of before you you you you tant
you know tap the apps' great taps the
ash Dennis before it falls on you I feel
like the therapist in that Annie Hall
the important thing LV is to enjoy
ourselves while we're here what's the
point
he wouldn't do his homework no this FDA
study hold on let me bring it up I
believe it was 2016 and it was actually
they finally eliminated they said okay
and a big reason for this is because
there's been a lot of new FDA
regulations people don't know this work
you owe me a favor
seriously sent it to me okay I will and
we have it here as an overlay for people
watching and again I'm not advocating
that people go out there and just start
chain smoking cigars I'm just saying it
is incredibly rare for the FDA to do and
the reason they did it is because of the
obama legislation they wanted to get
tibet cigarettes out of the hands of
children which we agree with but they
included all cigars it turns out kids
aren't smoking $9 cigars and people pan
you know cigar makers that you have long
long storied history with family cigar
rollers and pipe makers that we
shouldn't be treated the same as
marlboro so
the FDA did have to come out and release
that study of two cigars per day early
date on that study I but well what they
do is they examine their studies and
then eliminated those variables let me
bring it up right here I believe it is
2016
the author's reviewed 22 perspective
epidemiology studies and cigars so if
the FDA acknowledges there's no cancer
risk greater risk then I would argue
that for many people it does bring
longevity because of the calming effect
that it has not the marijuana calming
right just the relaxation with its with
a yummy if that's why we do it I do it
for it's because it's yummy
it tastes great I love the taste that's
why I like a pipe I'm sure looking at
your pipes there yeah yeah because I
love the taste of tobacco tobacco is a
yummy thing I can't I don't i've never
inhaled in my life I'm not Bill Clinton
I would happily admit if I did but I
have it I can't I would I coughed my
brains out if I ever inhaled anything
smoky to my lungs
now what God you started into cigars my
father was a cigar smoker he smoked all
day I lived in 96 as I noted to you
mm-hmm
and when I was about 16 he said I said
dad I'd like to taste one he said fine I
know it's a non-issue he said I think if
I'd have said it at 12 he would have
said fine yeah
so I did and I loved it and that was the
that was it so I've been 16 my daddy was
a smoker and his daddy before him his
granddaddy before but he'll be a pipe
smoker dude you will be a pro smoker -
it is well it's migrant for I felt so
guilty because my mom smoked cigarettes
and quit the day she found she was
pregnant and ever again I'm in French
Canadians they every all of them smoked
cigarettes was a huge culture of smoking
cigarettes my grandfather than hand
smoked a pipe and then he moved on to
those cigarillos later on in life when I
was and you know maybe about nine or ten
and I remember I thought it looked so
cool cuz my my grandfather right he's a
coolest guy and it was in the ashtray
but my parents always told me never
smoke never never smoke if you're
offered and I just took it to look like
my grandfather and it was still lit and
I didn't realize and so a little smoke
one in my mouth I felt bad for years I
felt like I had lied to my parents and I
was I might as well been a smoker but on
to me for
haunted me for years but he didn't live
long because he had up he had a blood
clot and he refused to go to the doctors
but he was up until the day he died
close to 80 was super spry and healthy
so how often would you say you you smoke
a cigar dennis prager whoa I spoke with
everyday and I but it's one a day I very
rarely smoke more than one a day i smoke
one a day then I don't also smoked a
pipe full a day so but when I'm writing
which is all the time and when I'm not
broadcasting or flying or speaking yeah
that's that's it's it's my companion and
I and I love it and a lot of people by
the way like cigar the smell of cigar
smoke yeah I do
a lot my wife does she can't stand
cigarettes can't stand them but she
really does like this by the way your
point about the cigar lounge in every
city virtually every city there's a
place to go and smoke cigars right
excuse me and I go all over the country
constantly and the first thing I do is I
go from the airport I rent a car and I
go to a cigar lounge and you know most
of the time somebody they will know who
I am which I'm not looking I'm not
wanting it happens but the beauty is
even when they don't have a clue who I
am they're so friendly yeah is that the
it's such a bonding male experience
cigar smoking yeah
that's what the guys just talk to each
other it's very and it's it's it's a
great experience the whole thing is and
if there's a young guy there I buy his
cigar well that's right well just make
sure to just follow you around the
country that I'll have the padrone 25th
anniversary mr. Prager would you say is
a mark of a good cigar place what do you
look for when you go to a different town
find a new spot oh well I like that it's
that it's not tiny that you know you can
sit down in a very plush chair have it
have your smoke you could be private if
you want you could talk to people if you
want and you could plug in your computer
I do a lot of writing and cigar lounges
so I I just did an event for my Tampa
radio station and in the hand of a
gigantic I mean truly gigantic allows
the you know campus
a big cigar city yeah and they I there
were 200 people there in a cigar lounge
for me to talk to them and of course
they gave out cigars and so on I do a
lot of cigar events around the country
that's I've looked at some of your old
archives like back as far as 2008 and
there's you broadcasting with your
laptop from a cigar lounge and I thought
that that looks like a lot of fun and
it's becoming increasingly rare places
where you can go and do this but it does
seem like the quality establishments
stick around what what in your opinion
is the mark of a good cigar for people
who may not know want to get into it the
the theories really there are only two
answers to that if you like it it's a
good cigar if you don't like it it's not
a good cigar and and that's true for you
know I mean I'm into audio equipment you
know people say what's the best speaker
