louder with Crowder studios protected
exclusively by Walter
[Applause]
shut down his channel you have a problem
with that not gay Johnny goes insane no
notifications
oh it's with the leg
[Applause]
two points there so yeah Lawrence
nothing ready
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause]
finish him
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
monetizing here in the morning
what
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
this is called authentic African dance
cuz I watch black panther I think that's
how they did it get your spirit party I
finally watched Black Panther this week
for those who are not mug Club members
and I thought it was so laughably bad at
Parts I understand why some people liked
it but I'm sitting there Washington Hall
second here is a lady in traditional
African garb with a spear on a Tesla
come on and I am upset that I had
friends recommend this to me alright we
have a fantastic show today we have mr.
brexit Nigel Farraj in the show boom yes
we have Owen Benjamin the show we have
Lauren southerners show of course the
premiere people just saw a continuation
of a club kid it'll be really good gonna
be a really good show and next next week
we have Ralph Macchio the real Ralph
Macchio on the show yeah Roth machi next
week in the show it's gonna be you're
not invited working for what else I mean
your seat my hard times and we can talk
about by the question the day before we
get in policy-wise those who thought
President Donald Trump would be a
disaster I had a bit of a wait and see
attitude but I will admit policy was I
think I was wrong I think the last week
I've been pretty damn good to taxes so I
want to know at what point do you admit
that you're or do you say that you're
wrong or what you think about President
Trump at this point comment below also
we're coming up on to mine subscribers
pretty soon so tell us how long you been
watching listening what it is that you'd
like to see more less who knows
presumably in videos to do as always is
dear to his neck a foeman knock cage
area to meet his creditor as long as
we're not banned with your photo shops
your comments your videos a mural
you're always good yes but speaking of
things you need less stuff I'm going to
be on the top of the list I can
guarantee you my naked ass it's going to
me my shekel is from the Illuminati Jew
meeting my naked ass and then my face
that order necessary fulfill my
obligations alright you didn't let me
finish the statement normally unbound
driving conclusions and at G Morgan Jr
he's just he's a sommelier for those who
don't know he's gonna be going you were
telling the other day it's actually
really hard to become hard isn't it I'm
gonna be ready with overlays Wow
hold on I'll go back to you what's the
wine of the day Jill have
double-back Cabernet oh that's right it
just happens to be not a Jared zero
favorite wine we got drunk on a boat
that he could not afford it apparently
post-show there's a little bit of a
shindig celebration and this is actually
your gift bottle from Stevens true this
is going that's true yeah so it's a nice
break for those who don't know Brokeback
these expensive chapstick is he'll be
selling it for crack very soon don't
worry I'm sorry meth meth meth we have
to get the racial stereotypes right with
you later I'm ready with overlays I have
a big announcement regarding my social
media and that is that I
oh yeah that's healthy and I mean you
can check if it's still there and if you
check it by the way today we're gonna be
getting a lot of people asked after the
Venezuela video with John Oliver the
rebuttal
daepung is sort of myth of the Nordic
socialist are successful so we're gonna
do that today I'm gonna get into that
because we'll be talking about news with
Nigel and Lauren and Owen so look into
that Evergreen segment there but there's
other news of the day a new
whistleblower now claims that Steve
Bannon allegedly used personal data to
try and suppress the black vote this is
a quote from CNN says mr. Bannon sees
cultural warfare as a means to create
enduring change and the American palate
the one thing spent computer you you
notice that this was the headline but
you and I both went in for a quote the
guy doesn't say that Savannah use it to
suppress the black vote there's no where
anything about black vote no there's no
where nothing I must have misread that
no no I didn't miss me at all
they got it wrong because the dad
actually showed that would have been
just as effective
okay Steve Aidan hiding in blind
people's closets that would have worked
better at this scare me also by the way
really quickly this is the whistleblower
for those who don't know in question I
am concerned that we made Russia aware
of the programs that we were working on
and that might have sparked an idea that
you know eventually led to some of the
disinformation programs that we've seen
in the interference that we've seen from
from Russia in American elections holy
crap it's a male lesbian feminist how
even possible a Canadian hipster one no
less I feel like a cosmic wormhole was
creating a parallel socialist
basement-dwelling universe and I I think
you heard
want want want want want suppress black
vote yeah and there's some where you can
watch the whole thing I encourage you to
ya know I go back to bed think I had a
friend who chats has his wife for heaven
or irrational fear of sharks and I said
that's not irrational at all it's a very
rational fear no she thinks they're
under her bed oh yeah good chance I
think that is irrational it's hi there
show there's a good chance to Bannon is
in your bed yes suppressing your vote
right and yet sometimes he puts on a
shark outside the realms of possibility
he puts on a shark head because he likes
to laugh but seriously the
whistleblowers Bible can be a real pain
we've actually we've had problems here
with the in yeah spend computer not good
joke we're okay that's not exactly okay
I appreciate it yeah thanks thanks for
reading on your fellow lighters good wow
Soros have you learned nothing hey hot
lines for that alright dot Elon Musk by
the way he's back in the news that's
always a good topic to cover we don't
get anger with that because Thursday
Tesla data confirmed that the wrecked
Model S was in fact an autopilot when I
hit a truck at 60 miles per hour first
quick to brag on it was Elon Musk
himself tweeting what's actually amazing
about this accident is that the
month-old s hit the fire truck at 60
miles per hour and the driver only
broken ankle at an impact that's but
usually it results in severe injury or
death timing Elon timings he went on to
tweet and especially when taking into
account that it was a female
oriental AI robot the hands via for
which we have uncharacteristically low
expectations come on for our little
robots eat no touch the petal I robot me
log fee while you find my feet a robot
my shoes are slipping in almost almost
seems senseless I mean kind of shooting
out of a learning computer well I
do Shawn did that hide the car I go six
per hour just because is my favorite
story of the week a man at a local news
story almost God is purse stolen and he
made really clear that he was not going
to be giving up his Louie Vuitton bag
hopefully we get him as a guest role
give me your bag and I was like you're
not kidding my Louis Vuitton I worked
very hard for this I got my bags you
could pry it out of my cold dead hands
the confidence is actually well-earned
when you realize he's a black belt in
judo so yeah he looks like the guy who
killed Versace for people who don't
watch it you solo the batting back if
the next words alles mouth were I love I
identify as I hate I talk about such
deep meaning no it just means expensive
it's expensive so you get to be caddy
with other gay guys but I would like to
have him on the show absolutely if
you've got a person that's loaded it's a
weapon so Russia by the way because it's
in the news we have to because you know
it's a show news Thursday for billion
dollar Crimea bridge but they finished
it they fidget but Vladimir Putin Putin
I said this is gonna be I mean I'm gonna
get so much hate mail for this Putin
he's a great man he's country you
believe in the western brother he's real
chill he wanted to be the first across
the bridge but he was beaten by a cat
cat got to it first so that cat by the
way was never seen again
Tilly was fingered action as a
ringleader in Capra channel it occurs
Russian data collecting cats scandals so
that's yeah yeah it's almost almost like
he's he thinks that he's above the law
12 hours is not nothing there's no doubt
he used yes yes hundred percent chance
at the very least he was on EPO there
they actually called Jared to come take
care of the problem he knows how to kill
pets this is true that cage area has a
long race killing gluten
hey speaking of killing things 25 year
old Texas man is in serious trouble
after he was posing as a 17 year old
high school student in order Olivia's
glory days in the basketball squad it's
like high school musical meets rape so
the real story from Dallas news Sidney
Bouvier Gilstrap portly that's also
that's a bunch of names Henry Schmitt
his name was my date underage girls
began the school year at Skyline High
School let make sure I get this right
because a lot of moving pieces there he
enrolled claiming to be a hurricane
Harvie refugee so necessary a little
eight months later transferred to
Hillcrest High School where a dated a 14
year old classmate and joined the
basketball team of course he would
yeah it makes you feel good that that's
in your own backyard in the United
States lest you look down your nose at
other nations of course I was is highly
illegal and once it was discovered to
school was preparing to expel him pursue
legal action so we just slept on a pair
of tights and and went on to win the
female state wrestling titles so all is
well that ends well the dude could still
be dunking on today see that in
the first place you just gotta do a
little think about this no trans ageism
is far more rational the transgenderism
I mean at one point uy is 17 it's true
and you can have a young kid with a high
IQ or an adult who has a fourth-grade
learning level so it's far more
reasonable at one point he's experienced
it he did he never he's never had a
vagina I don't really like the path were
going down it almost seems as though
we're excusing this how stupid do you
have to be to see a 25 year old man and
think he's 17 I mean it's like I'm not
Jake Garrard kind of they're probably
watching too much of the CW network
washing it were 35 year olds play 18
year olds and recruit for sex cults they
were looking at state championship use
for basketball sweet arrow reruns this
is this is Australia everyone I was
vetoed in the pitch meeting we haven't
suffered a Canadian woman has now been
detained and that seems remarkably mild
when he has a rest of the story has been
only detained after getting angry the
Tim Hortons defecating on the floor and
proceeding to hurl it at the employees
so usually we would withhold judgment
from these kinds of stories say you
alright wait till all the evidence comes
in works like a ledger words like
allegedly but in this case we have we're
very damning footage and look yeah make
sure we got we have please we have to
borrow this for the I know you know what
[Laughter]
what I find so crazy about that is sheet
for those who are listening the audio
version she picks up what she picks up
the feces she throws it and then she
grabs a paper towel and because there's
no you
is that like a sling and then she throws
a paper towel so this is the not the
first time he's done this and by the way
for those who haven't seen the clip and
I know we had to blur
that's some serious philosophy on that
drafted said the rebooted Montreal Expos
curveballs and sliders have a whole new
meaning yes I don't know I don't know
how that applies to curveballs that must
be you because there's no call them that
one alone yeah I'm mad you have to be to
take a crap on the floor though it's not
so much yeah that's a good pour hot it's
not high do you have - it's about intent
pooping spitefully is very disturbing it
takes a minute she popped that out
pretty fast I mean like it's like she
can do it on command like like it's just
it's like it's anger poop yeah morons
isn't even that great by the way but the
doughnuts are the oh come on now you're
given your Givens you're given us all
work that's okay we're better than all
right so uh about you I think actually
here to discuss we do have to discuss
what happened to Jane Goodall yeah movie
by the way Congo sucked which was
loosely based on Jane Goodall that's not
true none of it is true I just wanted to
make sure we have enough time to bring
on our next guest actually to discuss
this issue it's a prime minister of
Canada where I was raised I I think do
we have him here Prime Minister Justin
Trudeau are you here sir yes thanks for
having me Stephen I I think what's most
important for people stateside to
understand is that this is not in any
way representative of all the citizens
of Canada I don't I don't think any of
us thought that it was representative
although citizens of Canada no I don't
think that see well at the same time I
want to extend a hand of grace and
understanding to our oft maligned and
misunderstood throwing community and I
said I think that a vibrant and rich
addition to Canada's people kind I don't
think that's an actual subset that's not
a community at all
I found that contrary to your approach
in the United States here in Canada
conflict is not our our first course of
action but and I don't know the
upbringing of this young Canadian lady
in the Tim Hortons and until I've walked
a mile in her steamy shoes no see that's
a big could not be less relevant her
from this is why what yeah
I failed again see all right listen
Prime Minister Trudeau this is a crime
I'm sorry story here okay what's the
mouth get rid of all right prime
minister justin trudeau everybody that's
enough we shouldn't have him on the show
anymore Prime Minister Justin Trudeau
he's also very difficult to frame
properly predictable in this responses
bizarre arms too as well for wine that
footage for those who missed it find an
easter egg
we apologize there we go okay so no
strong opinions on that and the flinging
feces no all right okay so let's get to
this we got a lot of feedback on this
we've talked about this for those who
are not among club members in The Daily
Show quite a bit this idea of the Nordic
socialist model yeah right we hear this
quite a bit and this was used well they
keep moving the goalposts and that's
what's important here we hear
socialism's work so now we hear well
place like venezuela didn't do socialism
correctly right even though they were
being praised not long ago by Sean Penn
and Paulo everybody in the London Bernie
Sanders so they keep moving and they see
boho second the Nordic countries are we
should model those and if don't take my
word for it socialism I'm not looking at
Venezuela I'm not looking at Cuba I'm
looking at countries like Denmark and
Sweden is it really possible for someone
who calls himself a socialist to be
elected president United States well so
long as we know what democratic
socialism is and if we know that in
countries in Scandinavia like Denmark
Norway Sweden in those countries health
care is a right of all people in those
countries college education graduate
school is free in those countries
retirement benefits child care are
stronger than in the United States of
America okay a couple of things we're
gonna get to actually the danish prime
minister who said that's not true I
think it's important okay Marley was
dead to begin with it's people need to
understand these scheme and even
countries they don't they don't owe
their success to socialism they actually
became very wealthy first off under free
market economies and then later imposed
by the way in some forms so in some ways
they're certainly further to the left of
the United States but in other ways
we'll get to like corporate tax rates
not even close but later on after they
built their economy imposed some high
taxes and large welfare states so for
instance 1870 through 1936 Sweden was
the fastest growing economy in the world
but after 1975 when as we assured expand
the welfare
state its economic growth starting to
trawl after that Scandinavian countries
begin reducing the size reducing the
size of the government if you look at
you look at okay gross
alright implemented welfare state yeah
and then standstill and they start
reducing it so since the nineteen ninety
is a total taxation of the Swedish
economy is a percentage of the GDP has
fallen more than five percent yeah so I
wanted to interrupt real quick on these
points like we're a lot of people will
believe this a lot of people will
believe what Bernie Sanders just said
right and so it's all of our
responsibility it's not Steven hey great
job you go get them everybody tune in
pick out these points and be able to
tell your friends because they're going
to believe that this is true because the
media won't call him on it is very
common that anywhere else so you have to
do it we all have to do it with us too
we'll have these sources up you can see
the overlays here on the screen I want
you to call us on this okay
yeah I I don't don't just nod your head
with what were saying this is the
opposite of Trevor Noah saying as
audience we want you to watch what they
say entirely and then watch what we say
and if we're wrong call us so much I'm
sure I'll get something wrong today so
one thing to these these places it's the
pure it's the purity they try to argue
like well it's not real socialism
Venezuela you think that a place like
Sweden is more socialist than Venezuela
the prime minister of Denmark just
recently said again the Nordic model
still isn't socialist okay Bernie
socialism involves abolishing the free
market return that means production to
people's government like in Venezuela
that's what social so this is one thing
that people often do this is the bait
and switch right they go they go well
it's worked in Nordic countries where
they have socialized how c'mon think
that's not that's not socialism if
there's one thing right and certainly
not if you're saying well it didn't work
in Venezuela it didn't work in places
like Cuba because they didn't it wasn't
