all right we are back there we go and we
have a guest on with us soon here one
thing I hate to actually eat while we
have a guest on oh you know what I just
did I take this yet
I don't know this isn't a sponsor but
it's actually when people say what
supplements are I take very few
supplements or vitamins but they're
actually just something called KSM 66
it's the closest thing to like a natural
miracle drug really slash steroid yeah
decreases cortisol testosterone helps
your immune system helps with endurance
increases hemoglobin some more tests
other actual double-blind
placebo-controlled clinical trials so
anyway understand this right now to help
me with my energy we have our guests
hold on I know gosh I've been here for
13 hours give me a break
all right our next guest I love him you
love him he's also in the daily wire
Network and their tumblr mostly sucks
but his show is pretty good you love him
you fall it's the Andrew Clavin show at
Andrew Clavin on the Twitter mr. Clavin
can you hear us sir I don't think you
can hear us sound guy Edward all this
thumbs up and you hold on a second and
sound guy didn't even have this stuff at
write yet what's happening I would have
just taken the time to eat my
raspberries now I can hear you oh great
how are you mr. so much happier before
you I'm sorry I don't know if you know
what's been going on today you've been
briefed I heard that you were going to
sit in from CNN for 16 hours but I
thought even you are not that stupid
yeah well no you were wrong
[Music]
16 hours CNN what are we our 12 over 13
almost 13 no no coming up an hour 13
right 6:30 wait
we'll go it's coming up on eight we go
to midnight so our 12 Oh God well we
have four more hours yeah ah don't worry
it'll go by okay sorry Andrew I'll be
drinking but here's the one that we just
talked with Ben about it I don't know
where you are you in the same studio
there has been right now no I saw Ben
walked by outside I haven't talked to
him yet though I hadn't and I didn't
hear I didn't hear what you guys were
talking abut you look measure Bonnie God
oh he was he was sobbing terrible well
it's because we had some dirt on and we
let him know right before I leave all
right listen
that's true but we have sewing it let me
fill you in Andrew we have to do this
with all our guests I'm sorry let me
keep it really brief the CNN hit list
the reason we're doing this and the only
were able to do this has been set it to
live like welfare queens is because of
mug club we needed 16 hours for the
entire original CNN clock just to prove
how bad it is
how biased it is we hope we can only do
this kind of like change my mind
unedited watching it all day so people
can see how bad it is so let me give you
a really quick a hit list okay of what's
been going on today on CNN slow news day
you would think
not according to Blitzer so we started
the day where they were sucking of
stoking of course the Russian hysteria
idea that Trump was gonna fire Muller
then an Adam Schiff on regarding the
Muller probe's and Singh he has evidence
for nine months no evidence not one
single mention of uranium one despite it
being trending on Twitter all day they
said with the chip program Republicans
wanted to defund it and nine million
tiny tim's would die they used the word
nine million tiny thames yes they did
they actually said that and the funny
thing is of course no mention of the
fact that republicans actually want to
continue fight of funding the child
health care initiative for another five
years no mention of the melbourne
attacker being Afghani save Maori nori
if I'm pronouncing it correctly saying
he did it because of mistreatment of
Muslims they didn't mention the 1995
Israel vote at all to situate the
embassy in Jerusalem and recognize it as
its capital no mention of short term
funding from the Republicans until
January 19th remember they said we don't
need to shut down let's just extend this
to January 19th Democrats had to vote on
it but then when they finally did and
then it was kicked to the Senate of the
base that's going to happen they just
said Oh House votes no government
shutdown well you mean what the
Republicans pushed forward and then
finally breaking news currently
developing Bannon said that Bush 43 was
a destructive president and of course
that was actually said last October so
it seems to me breaking news on CNN is
uh it means lie your thoughts you're a
little too kind I think the fact the
fact that it took you 16 that's taking
you 16 hours to figure out the CNN is a
pack of lies is a little disturbing you
know they do did you know they do this I
think they showed a clip of Franken and
they'd said earlier but they meant
yesterday like they wouldn't news
usually say yesterday when someone says
earlier don't you think all this
happened earlier today so the tax bill
is off the news already right that's
gone yeah
they said that 9 million Tiny Tim's
would die because of the tax bill nine
million Tiny Tim Stein yeah is that is
that enough Tiny Tim's to kill I think
you know they can be Tiny Tim's can be
incredibly annoying
yeah million seems like a start but you
know you want there may be some escaping
you know they're always coughing I know
we want to fund a program to hunt them
down I think yeah I think you're right I
think you're right I'm just saying this
because that's gonna really mean tweek
and reclaim it so you gotta listen you
hear them you hear that word you know
god bless us everyone you got to rush to
the scene and just wipe them right off
the face well Tina you know tonight is
the premiere of YouTube Carol and we
have tiny not Kay Jarrod in there of
course we've just found out in the last
segment tiny knocking Jared was riddled
with aids down to his last 200 cd4 cells
so I see a crutch by the fire without a
tiny not gay Jared to use it when Howard
played for those Clint Howard played
YouTube CEO Susan Wojcicki in place of
the ghost of Marley it was Clint Howard
as Susan Wojcicki
as Marlon yeah it's a really messed up
special I I don't know how I missus you
know I did see I did see not gay Jerrod
as as the elfin that the shelf which I
find I have an elf on the shelf behind
me I find these the creepiest little
things they're supposed to you know they
you know what they're for are you
supposed to put them on the shelf and
they tell Santa Claus whether your kid
has been naughty or nice and so starting
that right there is kind of creepy and
then to have it be not gay Jared just
kind of amps the creep to it yeah tiny
NSA on the Shelf and if here's the thing
it's either complete lie or if it's
functional they're just millions of elf
on shelf sex tapes just ready to be
dropped at any moment in my studio has
seen things you would not believe yeah I
mean you were talking about you know you
were talking about Nikki Haley at the UN
that's that is my porn watching nikki
Haley slap the UN around it's like
spanking foreign to me I just want all I
want is for nikki Haley to wear leather
when she attacks the people of the UN
and I would be in heaven that would be
it at one point I just really sorry I'm
eating because I haven't even had a
break for dinner at one point what would
you give just for when nikki Haley was
doing her thing sitting there for
someone to object and just nikki Haley
look him dead in the
I just heard talking someone say I
object and her go shut up how much
would you get a whip is it too much is
it too much to ask that Nicki's given a
whip too when she goes can I beg for an
elf on my shelf
it is truly up on the Shelf is really
creepy I know that um you know you get
by the fireplace Christmas tree get
under the mistletoe I've my wife and I
and I turn to the elf and say don't you
look at me and I turn it around and then
three hours later it's been turned back
around no one knows that's way beyond
what anything I wanted to know and I
think I've in fact I think I just went
blind well yeah we're all on a second
let me cure let me let me cure what ails
you that's we did earlier we wanted to
see how many coffee beans we could fit
into I have a missing sternum take a
guess how many coffee beans we could fit
into my sternum oh yeah I know I
actually I actually knew that once wait
it'll come to me give me a second fit
into his empty sternum I learned that in
school but I just can't remember the
numbers seventy two hundred and a u-turn
u-turn code Jewish slash Christian let
me ask you what's your favorite there
isn't even being beer involved yet this
is just what happened we get tight it's
almost like a boxing match where we
talked about like the most dangerous
boxers when they're tired they're so
loose and now we're just winging them
and people like this this special have
gotten so much more fun well hold on to
your butts cuz gonna get a lot more
claiming what's your favorite moment of
the year like if you have to pick one
political moment of the year this is our
final episode this is our farewell it's
our goodbye yeah what's your favorite
moment of the year politically of 2017
this year I think I actually think it
has to be this this tax bill passing
because up until this moment I mean I
kept going on the air I didn't like
Trump you know when he ran I was really
opposed to him being nominated then I
thought well he's better than Hillary
okay so I'll vote for Trump cuz he's
better than Hillary but it's gonna be a
disaster
and then very slowly as the year went on
I started to think you know what this is
going pretty well you know we need to
score search and then we get some good
judges and then the regulatory rollback
right all the sudden it's just kind of
slowly slowly building but they kept
selling this idea that rally hasn't had
a legislative victory
when he bet that bill I just thought
this has been the best year for
conservatives since Reagan who I act you
know I can actually remember Reagan so I
mean this is the best year for
conservatives since Reagan it's it's
been an amazing year everything Trump
said he was gonna do and more he has
actually gotten done and you know he
hasn't done I and Colter is still
yelling about the wall at a wall but
nobody but nobody's coming across the
border anymore so yeah that's so scared
of them right that's right by the way
don't think I didn't notice that was a
prick comment he's like oh I can
actually remember Reagan implying that I
can't by hey but the joke's on you
you'll get dementia before I do so I'll
remember him for a longer period of time
you'll be ramming people with shopping
carts while I'll be talking about him
demanding course so the tax bill is you
know what I think you're right I think
it's last week politically has
definitely been the best of the year
because he's he's finally gotten some
stuff done um I'm a little upset with
the passive versus active income in the
tax bill I think it favors kind of
people in real estate a little bit more
than people in other businesses but
overall eighty percent of Americans are
going to see a tax break and that's the
crazy thing you've been talking about
with CNN they go breaking news poll most
Americans think they'll pay more under
Trump's plan but they're not eighty
percent of them okay and where did
people get that idea that's where they
should get the take the pole the pole
should be why do you think you'll pay
more so I saw it on CNN right they don't
take that poll you know that is the
important pole you know they have this
has been the year of misinformation the
news media one of one of trumps greatest
accomplishments has been destroying the
credibility of the news media I mean
they went after him they thought this is
gonna be easy you know we destroyed Mitt
Romney we went after george w bush we
called him Hitler this is gonna be and
he smushed them there now just there now
on self-destruct I mean Trump has this
magic quality that if you attack him
it's not that he destroys you it's that
you ultimately destroy yourself it's
like Marco Rubio with the small hands
comment when I was going to ended his
it ended his campaign CNN is now just
reporting stuff they're making stuff up
you know it's like God's right now right
now right now it says pence can't stop
hailing the chief that's the headline in
case you were wondering now they're
reading a tweet so sorry the ritual
submission in the exaltation is nearly
pornographic so it's it's editorializing
pence can't stop hailing the chief and
then they show a tweets based on CNN's
editorializing you just spent nine
million tiny things would guide you
crazy
sweetie Todd like they just manufactured
a plan to where they could just ingest
poop it out Riaan jest it like it's
never-ending Potter for that is an
unflattering angle quick get it get it
get it get it get it looks like it's the
orc when Peter Jackson got too lazy to
have a makeup department too sweet from
like two months ago and listen I don't
just like Rick Wilson I always never
Trump I think he's gone too far
but there read it they're reading a Rick
Wilson tweet on CNN four months ago this
is you know I hate to tell you this I
like it's not that I dislike the never
Trump's not that I think they're
dishonest I just think that they it's
time for them to reconsider this is this
I mean when when was the last time
something like this happened all these
judges sixty conservative judges right
you know this regulatory roll back which
is historic I know it's boring but it's
historic the judge what I mean what are
they waiting for when do you start being
like I like Donald yeah
he's you know I got you know what I
realized about Donald Trump he's a he's
a New York loudmouth kind of like me you
know like half the stuff he says half
the stuff he says it's just stuff that
New Yorkers say you know like stuff New
Yorkers say stuff that's funny because
it's so awful I agree he's a lot like
you he's kind of a dick I think
exactly bingo now you know I go back as
far as I'm like oh I think there might
be enough damage in the Republican Party
cuz he's because he's so unpopular he's
given them so much fodder then we may
never get another Republican again but
then it's counterbalance like this week
of ok once these legislative
accomplishments go through once you see
the fruits of the labor once people see
how much money they save right now
here's a 35 percent approval earning I
think it maybe might have been 37
because the majority of people don't
realize they'll pay less in taxes they
don't know like that lowering the
corporate tax rate just to be comparable
to the rest of the industrialized world
will result in more employment you know
they don't know that this alone fight
for 15 I think was Boeing Wells Fargo
AT&T Center low minimum wage now goes to
$15 an hour and we're giving out
millions in bonuses I think it might
take a while and then you know what
listen there may be hope for him yet but
rhetorically it's it's been bad and
that's why this last week I think was so
pivotal and the thing is the reality
does have a voice so at some point
people look around and say you know what
you know Nancy Pelosi told me tiny thing
with the eye and Tiny Tim is still
annoying me you know they told me that
the economy was gonna crash it didn't
crash they told me that I wasn't gonna
get a tax cut I did get a tax cut
eventually you know that starts to
filter into people's minds you know I
when I when I talk about Reagan you have
to remember they did exactly this to
Reagan he was an idiot he was a war
monger he was gonna blow up the world he
was a full actor he confute conflated
reality with the movies he was in they
said all this stuff about him every day
60 minutes did a whole thing about how
Ronald Reagan thought reality was the
movies and then you slowly started to
look around thought hey you know the
economy is ten times better and wasn't
the Berlin Wall standing there before
you know Ronald Reagan it was gonna fall
down and everybody said it was gonna be
a nuclear war reality has a voice and
album eventually if Trump is successful
as I think he's now going to be I think
people are gonna start to scratch their
chins and think maybe it's CNN yes the
problem well at least everyone who has a
layover in Atlanta who actually watches
CNN I think we're the only
they're talking to you and you're the
only person watching CNN who's not
catching a flight that's true and
sinneth in the thousands of people I
thought was 16 17 thousand people
watching us right now but you're right
reality has a voice and with Reagan that
it's a whisper more so it's a whisper
because it takes a little while to pick
up on it and with whistle Ronald Reagan
the whisper was Jimmy Carter's are puffy
and you're like what is that with it
Jimmy Carter's a person you're like oh
good okay we get it now so hopefully
that's what's gonna happen with Donald
Trump and who are they gonna run against
them they've got Methuselah and
Pocahontas you know they Sanders who may
actually may have passed away in the in
the since the campaign I think he I
think he's now you know just a corpse
and animated Medtronic corpse going now
we take everybody's money and give it to
the bull people okay great and then
Elizabeth Sanders who I could I would
pay money to watch her to pay that
Donald Trump I think moved a lap right
it's true Wolf Blitzer can't read
prompter claiming I don't think and see
he's the worst person at reading I don't
I I mean I this is just it's it's almost
like you could teach these hallways of
course in Antioch rity with Wolf Blitzer
but like hey mediocre choices 101 Wolf
Blitzer that would be the name of the
tumbler how many's all people working
acknowledge you're gonna I think my TV's
frozen it's oh no it's just wolf always
late what I just noticed they're Chiron
was official confirms commis account
that Trump asked for loyalty I don't
think anybody else was in the room when
that happen no no mccabe was and that's
by the way that's from yesterday 7.5
hours of questioning and McCain has said
I don't have any proof at all in Trump
dossier you know like hey yeah you know
there's any truth to call me saying that
Trump asked him to be loyal to him he's
like yeah I think that happened and
that's the breaking news now you
couldn't even get a story straight oh my
gosh I just you know what Blitzer look
everything that he does is a choice the
hair the glasses the beard um doesn't
moves the choice to drink a bucket of
saltwater before he goes on air so I
like the guy is out of his mind he's net
he's just
I don't think he's worse than Ron
Burgundy he's here all of Barnum news
commentary just aggressively mediocre
alright alright I think we five to get
going right we do have to get going
alright and reclaim and apparently have
them oh there's a story here today they
surprised me with some carolers by the
way hashtag crowd or CNN live so if you
