previously on making a mug club I wish I
could say that none of us saw this
coming but all of us for sure did you
know was in the cards for a lot of
people we've already been demonetised
quite a bit Heda monetizes his own
videos to sell more mugs in the era of
deep platforming it's becoming harder to
know who to trust before he completely
fabricated a conspiracy
I thought Owen Benjamin was a friend so
I couldn't make sense of why it would
spread what is clearly a lie because if
anyone would tell you who works with me
I'm an amazing person who's Steven yeah
he's alright so why would own lie like
that it didn't make sense furthermore
it's well known that he has the
attention span of a pomeranian so he
couldn't have woven this tapestry of
lies alone but who else on the right
would want to take down mug club it was
time to look at motive right away
the standout suspect was David Rubin who
is knowingly harbored ill will against
my mug club and it's tremendous success
for a long time catastrophic results
that we can't prove that yet people
don't agree on this you want to wait you
want to wait till Miami is supposed to
be gone Dave to most people it would
seem odd that David a gay guy would be
so angry but few people know that David
Rubin hides a far more sinister secret
it's a well-known fact that David Rubin
is a homosexual a disease which afflicts
less than 3% of a population causing him
to have unnatural sexual urges toward
other men it was a large part of his
brand for David Rubin though not as
bigger successful as mug Club being gay
was big business but what if he wasn't
telling the truth
what if gay David Rubin was hiding
something a rudimentary search of public
records revealed that David Rubin is in
fact married to a man and is indeed a
practicing homosexual but there's
something else that's been bothering me
something that doesn't add up
maybe I've been looking in the wrong
place no Dave Rubin is definitely gay
like no conspiracy definitely really
really gay I was real what are those
real it's a valid question what the hell
is wrong with you this kindness show is
a mistake you're not I don't
[Music]
[Music]
have you on the show today back in
studio was here yesterday and third
chair is Lauren southern Lauren
underscore southern how are you I'm good
wrong pronouns again remember legally a
man this is true so you don't have to be
uncomfortable anymore what's wrong do we
use a microphone yesterday Lauren for
those who missed you our mothers came in
a beautiful dress and we all felt
horrible and so he shamed her right away
and said yeah dress down yeah so we
pretty much chose we're in like PJs yes
exact time you're on the show we don't
have money for obvious reasons that guy
has a lot going on but we do have Karen
strong boom yeah we does stefan molyneux
we all set for a minister justin trudeau
and samantha bee again yeah not exactly
producing actually doing a really good
job this week is quarterblack geared you
are in fact a quarter black that's right
I am I appreciate it show the fans to
think no trust you that's terrible we're
gonna one who's the entire black on it's
all 4% and what's the one of the day add
you Morgan even had to bring an extra
large bottle for you heavy drinkers this
is a long shadows pirouette long shadows
pier why is it an extra-large Bob what
do they sell it in that placate when it
comes to wine size really does I feel
good something I would see on Pinterest
from a mom that I don't like wait this
is really good I am only having my one
serving of wine a day mommy needs or
special jus yes I ate for dinner yeah
yeah hopefully your kids have a pool
without a fence and hopefully you're
buying wine for me question of the day
we're gonna be talking quite a bit about
me too and some of the latest frauds
involved there of a few months into this
now I've seen a shift it notices shift
in the temperature change in the
temperature toward the movement so how
do you balance being supportive the
victims of course actual victims will
not automatically throwing anyone who's
ever been accused under the bus no
questions asked let me know let us know
we'll be talking about it and I think
we'll be talking about with with Karen's
Tron actually Lauren will be filling
hosting for me with Karen strong for
this just because I can
leading the news though you'll love this
Lauren I have no idea why is a new study
on eco sexuality did you know that was
the thing mm-hm so yeah having want to
know that was it what's happening to
like you're gonna tell me anyway I am
with the earth
yeah the earth taking the earth as a
lover
raises a number of legitimate concerns
regarding non-human consent as well as
sexualities comes from sage Journal -
the Lord seems like it would it seems
like this would raise a lot of questions
I've heard of objective sexuals like
that lady who married a flower
yes there's a natural trend now because
someone I guess a tree there people now
have been falling over 300 unstable well
that's what you say so this is the new
progressive frontier this is where we
are and we actually now go live to a
press conference being held by
representative from the other side of
the spectrum who disagrees them their
spokesperson is about to take the podium
thank you for coming I am appalled
that's a lack of compassion
self-awareness or accountability as it
relates to the ongoing sexual abuses of
my Trippel without consent largely
because they cannot consent this has
been an ongoing struggle which Trippel
americans sadly learn to live with but
with the recent events occurring at
Kevin Spacey's nursery and the widely
publicized herbicide of Harvey
Weinstein's potted ficus we can no
longer stay silent because that plant
had a name his name was ficus like this
morning would he was my friend
and for fear the ramifications to my
everlasting shame I stayed quiet but not
anymore
we will be silenced no more the tree -
movement is here to be heard and here to
stay I will now open the floor for any
questions you may have
yes I don't know what they were
expecting I know what Lauren was
expecting her face is something other
than what she's hearing I think you
should have known better Laurens are you
at a point that I've regretted coming
here since the moment I said yeah yeah
psychologize so so going back to
yesterday's conversation we're exactly
with the front hull B with a train on
the earth explained context for people
who don't I said going back to yesterday
nine dollars a year which is which is a
problem which is definitely a problem
stop doing the cervix okay Lauren to do
Gerald's job for him what's the context
of the front hole I have to be the one
to explain this yeah I get to explain
front hole what were privileged with the
task of explaining well friends I you
must know by now that using the proper
terms for genitals is a very offensive
thing to do because not everyone can
have vaginas so I thought you were gonna
avoid saying it I was going to and I
realized I couldn't I was my brain was
going it was like going through words
scrolling and I'm like no this was oh we
covered yesterday want us to call them
front holes yes yeah front holes and you
know what we're probably not gonna in
other news
Jon Stewart by the way came to the aid
of two goats from the run in Brooklyn
this comes to the New York Post the
comedian turned farmer rescued the two
row goats caught running around on the N
train tracks so the two go actually
taken to an upstate sanctuary where
they'll this is that is a feel-good
story they're gonna be taken care of
cared for well fed then groomed and
given a late-night talk show Donald
Trump is a piece of ba Michael Cohen can
suck my BA and I hope Bob I don't even
know which context those beliefs would
be necessary I know how it seems like
except when writing this program is
horribly confused between goats and
sheep or that's all we have the Wardrobe
for Thank You Lauren for tolerance by
the way hit the notification bell join
my pepper subscribe on iTunes if you
wanna listen to this audio on the go you
was a good man tebah I'm pleasantly
surprised gonna come back to haunt me it
will don't ever run for office that's
awesome but do up here in sharknado 5
that is actually I'll battle reverse
course for the only thing that makes me
feel better Coulter you and I now that's
significantly worse speaking of animals
by the way
a Chinese man was fine for release
pigeons on the highway if you're
wondering how could this go wrong let me
explain to you how so he told police
he'd been keeping 6070 pigeons but he
decided to set them free and he said he
chose the highway because it was a
wide-open space full of cars yeah didn't
know how this would end not exactly
about half of them survived but look
look let's not be too picky here this
does come from a country that eats dogs
so this is a step in the right direction
dogs and shiners at just Vietnam no it's
China that was the whole festival was in
China when we talked about it really yes
they have like an entire dog eating
festival another reason to not like them
and people get they inflate their
currency and they eat Mandy Fugees
have you ever seen those those posters
of vegans where they're like at which
point you side do you decide which ones
are food and they have a picture like a
cat dog pig cow everyone puts because
vegans are trying to say like they're
all beautiful animals but everyone just
puts the line before pig they turn junk
into bacon they're amazing vegans and
show them a fetal chart and watch them
explode like a fembot in Austin Powers
hey speaking of which I love you that
there's an all-female SWAT team well
yeah being deployed to protect the
Indian Prime Minister this comes from
msn.com they're expected to play a major
role in the security detail for the
Prime Minister's address and
Independence Day after being inducted by
the Delhi police
it just sounds funny Delhi police good
good not exactly the Hope Diamond but it
all female security to I know might seem
odd sorry about this one but we do try
to keep an open mind here lotos Crowder
handsome weather in the studio it's not
a little bit of tokenism so we decided
to look at the pros and cons in this
week's ion India
[Music]
[Applause]
so the pros and cons of an all-female
SWAT team yeah it'll be some pros there
are definitely some pros I know you you
thought this would this is not a
woman-hating club no no no we've been
pretty welcoming you know I hate when
truly I didn't get the memo oh just came
in just my only friends are gay men yes
it seems like you have a lot of gay male
friends yeah why they're the only people
that talk to me well that's questionable
with my wife she likes you
maybe she's a gay man have you even
yourself floor and that's all you need a
little secondly I I have asked in a
multitude of ways so there are some pros
for an all-female SWAT team in India up
pro for example the highly proficient in
the art of passive-aggressive dialogue
huh very useful on the bits mental
warfare another Pro they're 23 percent
more cost-effective oh yeah with a
percent more cost-effective another pro
this long-distance swimming yeah okay a
lot of people didn't know that you
didn't know that no I know that
long-distance swimming do you know that
women are better at longest in swimming
how do you not know this it's the one
physical thing you are better at than me
and you it's the only thing the only
thing as far as a sport yeah they're
like better they're better than men at
long-distance swimming women are
actually I I didn't I didn't know it I
don't know if like if I put this way if
women were better at almost all the
sports than men and then we had one
thing like we would be clinging to that
I guess you just have healthier egos
cons of course cons an all-female SWAT
team vulnerable when cold and the unit's
forget their jackets
that's one yeah that definitely is
chilly next con unit often incapable of
being able to even mm-hmm you know it
seems a little odd in the middle on the
battle for putting them at the front
lines another con unit available there
M'Vila before - six days out of the
month that seems obvious we can move on
another con pull ups
yeah pull ups is right there and the
final con is every other physical
activity unfortunate for an all-female
team outside of long-distance swimming
outside of long I mean it's just like a
water attack their goal
right but I could say sharks sharks you
gotta save the Prime Minister from sharp
sharks what is he doing I don't know I
don't Kenny not Canadians not swim or
you know I didn't say that oh you're
putting words in my mouth now well let's
see we've offended the Chinese Indians
we got time to offend everybody else
don't worry look here's the thing I say
go for it like if this guy gets
assassinated it's his own damn fault at
this point if he actually fix it all
female crew go for it prove the model
exactly he didn't have the foresight
maybe it's a trade-off he's like nice
view oh my I'll take the coin toss is
just Bollywood film star yeah before he
dies finally a Canadian Prime Minister
Justin Trudeau is now defending his
recent racist attack he I guess his he
called this heckler racist you know what
let's just before let's just roll this
clip right here and I'll explain to you
that's what that's what my entire
maternal family ever sounds like I'm on
my whole mom's side
I met them he's right yeah they always
sound wrong there you go so she's asking
them about about the refugees costing
hundreds of billions of dollars to the
taxpayer and here you go here he is he's
saying this racism plays no role in
Quebec now do you speak you don't speak
French do you know okay all right so
that was just as I was trying to Tran
she's basically saying hey what about
the cost of the asylum seekers and
refugees and he just says yeah you're a
racist
it's extremely frustrating because
you've also got the media and just the
progressive education system supporting
this and saying yes it's a racist view
to ask about taxpayers money being
wasted on illegal migrants it's a racist
view to have borders it's a racist
extremist view to want to have a
nation-state with an identity that is
completely false the extremest opinion
is Trudeau's opinion to destroy borders
to destroy a national identity if you
don't have those things you're not a
country so why are we pretending women
like this who are asking rational
questions are the extremists
it's a lot harder for Canada to because
I'm like the United States where our
identity was basically a series of ideas
Canada's identity was sort of you know
kissing the ring of the Queen it was an
app calling it was right it was a colony
that's the United States identity was
never racially tinged right it was
entirely constitutionally based people
don't understand that in Canada or
inland places like Germany for them it
was a people and so yeah it's a little
bit of a tougher transition yeah well
absolutely she said it right so this
woman actually said illegal immigrants
in her question he and originally
responded from the podium but she said
did he replied with immigrants your your
hostility towards immigrants has no
place here and then later on said the
racism immediately changed it back to
the word immigrants aren't a race
exactly
and yet illegal illegal people are
different yeah and we were talking about
this yesterday you said they get all
kinds of benefits when they go there
they get picked up and taken like a
valet service to a hotel for the only
two years of welfare like they are
heading more money than Canadians and
Canadians are paying for this of
Canadians that are struggling there on
the streets we have literally hundreds
of thousands of kids in Canada that are
below the poverty line and you're
bringing in tons of illegals from
America thanks by the way yes I know
we're sending him north I don't know we
should say would you just send them all
to Mexico you know what you want to come
there or said them all to Quebec like
French sounds kind of sexy right but
people they think of French people oh I
like say Marge M definitely Oh nuts you
head you know that's that's what French
Canada sounds like like ordering
potatoes European French should be like
je vous de pommes de terre Zulu play
button Quebec Abby that's actually what
they sound like I'm not even saying
words you understand but you think you
hear they drunk at this point is that
normal but here to give his what do we
have them here to give his side of the
story actually is Canadian Prime
Minister Justin Trudeau Prime Minister
are you there sir thanks for having me
Stephen now Prime Minister you were
recently criticized firstly for racism
in Canada I didn't ask my question I'm
sorry sorry reflexes please continue
you were recently criticized for how you
responded to a constituent during us
speech she was yelling hate speech but
the question was when the federal
government would repay Quebec for the
cost that it's incurred as a result of
the influx of illegal immigrants coming
across a canadian-us border that was the
question that she asked right hate
speech yeah how exactly is that hate
speech well I I really hate it when
people yell questions at me it actually
seems like a reasonable question Prime
Minister yeah I have to see exactly what
she said actually quarter person of
color Garrett can you roll clip see he
doesn't get to ask you that no you don't
get to ask him that I'm not of this show
you're not what about the question
though do you think that loose
immigration laws and incentives for
asylum seekers have added to your one
point four trillion dollar deficit maybe
you you know as well as I do Stephen the
deficits are not an indicator of
long-term economic viability but Prime
Minister Harper ran a surplus four years
off the backs of our First Nations
people Stephen what was what was that I
don't know what's we thought seems like
a constant ooh
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau everybody
that's not going anywhere good I still
can't believe you got the Prime Minister
on I know I know
I also can't believe we got a raped tree
yeah that was a very good get you know I
mean I think you know that he is who he
is right and offensive to you that
Justin Trudeau I've accepted it I just I
don't talk about Canada no you know it's
Canada and no I
they have no idea how good they had it
with Harper they really don't understand
how well the housing crisis was largely
avoided because of his policies and they
just never appreciated him it's much
like the Northern Europeans they get
