if you disagree you're more than welcome
to sit down and change my mind
louder with Crowder studios protected
exclusively by Walter
[Music]
it June which marks louder with louder
third annual cultural appropriation
month where we take you across the globe
to appreciate and appropriate all the
great cultures it has to offer
this week the final weeks of this June
we take you to the culture of Honduras
welcome to the cultural appropriation
about this week number four to
appropriators to appreciate we have some
Honduras facts here I hope you guys can
can you hear me there can you hear me
gerald
I think I can hear you Steven okay yes
it's been in a Gerald hey Blythe yet
before we start watching you do too
kind of hard for me do the question of
the day given given the questions got a
question of the day is violence ever the
answer yes so I do believe a what do you
what do you think there's time
[Music]
it's June which marks louder would crowd
the third annual cultural appropriation
month where we take you across the globe
to appreciate and appropriate all the
great culture it has to offer this week
the final week of this June we take you
to the culture of Honduras with you I'm
seeing double ah let's do a great guest
today we have dr. Jordan Peterson on the
show he's going to be on in the coming
weeks for a long-form interview for a
new thing we're gonna be doing something
a little bit unique and we have Nick
DiPaolo on the show got punched in the
face by a lady with Birkenstocks that
hurts and questions day before we move
on is you know the discrepancy between
Donald Trump president Trump the
coverage in the polls it's so wide we'll
talk about that a little bit how do you
think history will remember him as the
man the media painted him to be or as an
effective president of course I hid the
notification del if you're watching on
youtube or join my club or bookmark the
page because notifications might not
work producing with me in video duty as
always as year two is not gay follow me
on Twitter and not get you and me as
crowded with your comments your thoughts
your photo shops your costumes I don't
know the hundred us today
fun fact highest murder rate in the
world I was gonna say industrialized
know what are you check under your seat
no okay I'll be signing those later
meeting great by the way
Aronson fine too still a Pataki
monetized and aji Morgan Jr what's one
of the day one of the day is Sparkman
wilderness wilderness I liked you better
in an urn in don't even stop the
computers in Honduras BP but computers
never met Metis life's matter on Twitter
that he mumbles he does he tries and
German or the other German interns who
want his job from Merkel ah that's all I
have for fun facts 400 upon fun text
there are there's no one murder rate
there are no in fact there is not fun at
all candy it's just like nice fun
computer nice
I love how his bullet is dead center
yeah name it was an execution was
it was an excuse the Germans though yes
I'm great first so we do have a lot of
news to get to and this has been a very
very busy week but first a pornography
website has now added closed captioning
for viewers with hearing loss this comes
from Engadget feature will help viewers
distinguish which person is speaking at
any one time because that's important
motion in addition non dialogue sounds
that are relevant to the storyline our
scene will be highlighted so they
cracked the code for the deaf still no
luck with one handed Braille that's
still a struggle out there I'm not gonna
beautiful mine now a spell just lots of
bowels that's that's the point how do
you spell captions yeah the thought I
didn't go to college
look this is a terrible summer reading
program okay yes was a bad way to get
people to read it's it's it's also but
it is actually a huge part of the new
Big Brother program oh yeah it's all
just a van
a San Francisco man by the way who knew
who was scared scared for his life when
he reported that unprompted and this is
the kind of thing gives me shivers mmm
true story true story right Sven yes
alright the true story I'm fine his
Alexa spoke out quote every time I close
my eyes all I see is people dying and
this comes as no surprise to us here at
lotta was crowded with her experience
with Alexa we didn't think it comes this
soon and so it begins
to even forever yes come with me if you
want to live but it is multi there
Wolfie
[Music]
close one beer rationing is actually
starting it's unrolling in Europe to a
carbon dioxide crisis NBC at least five
gas producers in northern Europe began a
plan shut down during the early summer
months to resolve maintenance issues it
deals with co2 that what is what is
Northern Europe exactly spent that way I
guess every come to that's north north
of Italy what it will be BB Germany
there will be Iowa and not Italy so the
non-greasy wants you know basically
countries that has some somewhat
financially stable yeah so they're going
for co2 this is what they're doing now
the government rationing of beer come
and take it but you really come and take
it that they can't do anything we have
no second amendment a prepper in Europe
oh yeah homeless person you not purchase
a gun to protect it if you did you
couldn't talk about it yeah distinguish
them from the hobos the grocery carts
the Scots it's got to be I can't shoot
myself I can't stab myself I can't drink
myself to death know if these little
mission cars I can't even suck on the
exhaust that just gives me okay I can't
really kill myself on the Tesla I can't
even afford both rivers not gonna be
named get let me suck on his exhaust
he's got a schedule to keep
I don't want to kill myself without pain
[Laughter]
always runnin late it's socialism
that's all quit like you live it to my
wife she shows up truancy officer with a
stick it's gotta be miserable there I'm
so glad that you get out of there
hundred years ago we repaid what we left
we've yeah we saw this coming in fact
wasn't about tea it was about beer but
from this America actually to say that
with
found sobriety Europeans woke up across
the entire continent saying wow soccer
does suck so the one guy who shows that
what the flask issue as you spit it all
of a cookie dough here's one thing we
notice when I went to Austin better we
went to Austin and we saw these puppies
billboards roll out have you seen these
you know you that's right you didn't go
there son computer it's it's a billboard
for it for HIV pills they've been
popping up across the country there's
one F without fear that's it where's
that billboard if they're not get your I
think it's in that LA that particularly
in Lawson of course it is they're not
even hiding it do you realize that if we
were to do a joke a sketch F without
fear for HIV we got more flak for a much
more tame wishbone parody history of the
AIDS HIV story exactly so we look at a
peppery so the billboards a big part of
this in Washington DC it's their plan to
get the HIV rate down they want to get
more uninfected people on prep PR EP
it's a to medicine combination pill that
apparently that prevents HIV I think
it's just a pill that you put in your
your pee hole it doesn't let the avian
it's really more of a making it I don't
know why they call it a pill why are we
spending money on that I don't know how
many years later we snow better we're
still funding those dams here's a real
estate I understand drugs after you have
it yes sure I don't think it should get
as much funding as cancer or diabetes or
diabetes or all corners like it but
we're spending money on awareness
billboards to prevent it just don't have
unprotected anal sex with random dudes
in a truck stop that's it that's
entirely preventable argument do you
guys it I always said what bothers me
most about this people get so mad
because it's politically incorrect how
often you hear when people talk about
sharks like oh you know
he's struck by lightning then suffer
stuff the spiders more afraid of you
then why are we using argument you're
more likely to be struck by lightning
attacked by a shark on land then get
hiv/aids if you're not having
unprotected sodomy in truck stops with
strangers or using intravenous drugs
without cleaning needles your chance
like it's simple what else can you do
the truck stop though wait a second you
you go to the truck stop and you just
get gas flapjacks but okay but where are
you but where do you get your heroin I
don't so you bring your heroin with you
to the truck stop and your pool Lou and
have sex with him afterward no what are
you a monk they assume the rest of the
world is just like them it's I mean it's
just it just just that's that's none of
your van HIV we don't need a billboard
we don't need a pill sorry we're the
jerks for bringing it up by the way it
says F without fear
I don't like they can say that but we
can't say it's preventable
yesterday's medical terminology is
today's hate speech and today's hate
speech is tomorrow's colloquialism when
they admit it dull is a British knife
[Laughter]
the problem yourself speaking of places
that are silly one of Canada's biggest
music festivals now is on pause because
of a protected bird it's known as the
kill dear lovely name and a burp of the
nest of four eggs that cannot be removed
without federal permission come from CNN
it says I have to say this is one of the
most challenging problems we've ever
been presented with recently the
executive director of Bluesfest told
reporters but the festival organisers
it's it's it seems silly but they're
actually really hopeful of their chances
because when you can fix the situation
everyone is everyone is happy that's
that's ideal and tell them was that they
enlisted the help of I think we have him
here to talk about the Canadian fiasco
Dennis Rodman Dennis Rodman thank you
for being there sir I'm just so happy
okay that's great but how are you
solving the problem I got so many death
threats I love this bird I'm believing
this bird right here I believe it is
been loyal he took everything I took
everybody think they could throw at me
and I'm still standing right here with
this bird
yeah no I'm not sure that's bird is oh
this bar can't even go old like me he
didn't need to go home he already home
is in Britain in Canada you know a fetus
clump of cells yeah Burt a stop stop the
festival yeah you say bird eggs Oh bird
egg you said bird day when these guys
said it's the biggest problem they've
ever been faced with a pretty sheltered
lives
[Laughter]
that's what's the realm of pain in
history well let me think uh we didn't
fight off the royalty we know but we
just we did our potato boys we had our
potato we said okay to the royalty we
kissed the ring we still have them on
felt the queen and her money one time
weren't really a country it burned down
the White House you guys were pretty mad
about that and then we had a real
problem with some bird eggs yeah yeah
that was a big one by the way thanks for
providing all the National Defense
America hey one thing actually before I
move on I was talking with this know
maybe someone out there can help me no
doctors I've been able to describe this
to me I have one extra muscle on my left
side here yeah I don't have on my right
tell you a bit of a free that's a hole
no one likes a bragger extra it's
totally non-functional and I went into
specialists or they were like I don't
know have you done anything useful with
it Jimmy I do just concern that is when
you go to a doctor you'll get something
wrong here's just a gross lie and I'm
not sure that they do a screening
actually I was told till I was age 12 by
old white people at church that black
people were faster because they had
extra muscle in their leg oh yeah I
heard that one I had a teacher tell me
yeah that's not true I had a teacher in
high school tell me that he said till 12
it was at least 21 farts not believing
she wasn't a teacher my father's teacher
in Detroit taught him and this was
taught in schools that black people had
larger posteriors to retain water and
region this was no this was this was
Darwinism yeah we're gonna see they have
those small muscles in the leg so they
can walk easier to Europe all right so
listen we talking more about
polarization kind of who bears the brunt
for most of it with with dr. Peterson
next I think I think a big part of this
we've talked about I do you think it's
exclusive to the left III just says I'm
not gonna do the cop out I don't think
everyone is copping out when they do it
I think some people are but I know it
would be disingenuous of me to say it's
balance if there's not a give-and-take I
think it exists exclusively on the left
and we deal with it all the time I think
a big part of this so before we get to
that is the polarization that people
complain about which in and of itself is
not necessarily a bad thing is how out
of touch the left is and we've seen it
this week more than ever I think
whatever in my lifetime I would say
would you say that probably something
you're what you say in your left
absolutely pretty insane right now
Jarrod would you say 7% yeah I would say
kind of we talked with under Obama race
relations where the worst had ever been
in our lifetime with black lives matters
now it's all the relations well I think
there's an out of touch and is from the
left and the rest of America that has
never occurred
I want your Freeway if you if you if you
actually understand what I'm talking
about if you sense it out there's
palpable what am i talking about how out
of touch are they with the rest of
America up this is the world they live
in a sampling I even thought hey maybe
we'll talk about Donald Trump much
tonight and then he opened his mouth and
all manner of stupid came out and I'm
not joking when I say I would feel more
comfortable if Cersei Lannister was
running this country at this way what
would you say to him no I
what Sato might say you you're probably
the worst president than any country's
ever had I know this news is very
painful for a lot of people it feels
like for the next 30 years America is
gonna change in a horrible direction in
some ways it feels like all hope is dead
nothing can bring it back in 2017 when
we had the worst president in the
history of the United States
administration officials have been
sending babies and other young children
0:03 tender-age shelters in South Texas
lawyers and medical providers
I'm gonna have to hand this off okay
they just assume people are on board
remember Oprah was talking to we
couldn't find the video clip Oprah was
terrible I know things are bad out there
right now here's those things really are
unemployment the lowest in almost 20
years job participation rate is
extraordinarily I people have more money
in their paychecks than our lifetime
that's bad actually
this creates polarization we have people
going all right here's the worst
president ever and even when they're not
being aggressive you have a lot of
Americans there they're coming home from
payday and they're Washington opening
their check with their letter over
Washington me Kimball going that's my
money that's what hopeless this feels
like Stephen that's what you more money
exactly it's crazy to me as he claimed
are living under fascism look the
supreme court was a big thing yeah
what here's what's so good about this
yesterday but I didn't think I put fine
enough a point on it quite literally all
of the major decisions that people are
pissed about ruled in favor of freedom
and choice freedom to choose to join a
union freedom to choose this doesn't
destroy unions and it doesn't destroy
Pro abortion clinics it's like hey I
don't want to have to pay a union that's
fine I don't want to join a union that's
they're mad at the yes parents I don't
want to have to promote abortion
services you can do that I want to
create an abortion clinic how this is
fascism there's no I don't understand
this you know what I think you know what
I hope dies in this country what he's
talking about is dead and pardon my
language your ideology that's what's
dead up in the s bomb where we sitting
there's fun well the thing is that the
rulings were in favor of string true
through Constitution BP and so they they
just want activists on those courts and
actually there's a slate piece that just
came out today because I joked about
yesterday sure enough they had a piece
about right now they're proposing you
know next time the Democrat is in power
maybe we could just expand the Supreme
Court you know just yeah this is great
like that is a would be crazy abuse of
the legislative process it'll be crazy
abuse of I mean most insane no wit how
many of course you're changing did you
branch of government but I would imagine
you'd have to use all three branches and
one big giant cluster screw to make it
happen I don't even know if there's a
schoolhouse rock for this there's not
there's no file but we were joking about
that yesterday and they're saying let's
fundamentally let's create remember up
when gridlock was a bad thing by the way
floor did a gridlock in Washington know
Barack Obama had the house had this said
he had that when he study at everything
in wanted he couldn't get it done why
because of his crazy policies also
gridlock is beautiful yes that's what's
but now that when a creek gridlock in
the court what we need the grip gridlock
was terrible but now the ends justify
the means well what's the ends to make
sure that you have to join a union and
promote abortion
this can't be Nazi Germany you're coming
for the gays what's next none taxpayer
subsidized HIV prevention pills what do
I have to have stop having anal sex and
truck stops with strangers I'm not an
animal
god forbid yeah not on the Iowa not on
my watch Pol Pot and what happened cups
full ratings aren't 47% on par with
Barack Obama's at this point in his
brother pretty good despite unlike Obama
you're wondering his own water on this
one which I think that's to me that's
one great wonderful wonderful thing
about the Trump residency is that it is
just diminish the power of the media
they realize they just can't they don't
have an influence member remember that
one clip we played a long time ago Larry
King talked about the media's role I
think is lurking I don't think they can
influence elections yeah they don't like
presents anymore that's why they're
getting so pissed off is because they're
realizing it they have less influence
now than they have ever had all hope is
lost I mean in this and you pull I was
about to try it but I realize I can't do
Trevor Noah's acts because it's not like
a really South African accent this new
poll that we just had with the approval
