I said okay sing it in front of me okay
sing it in front of me in your mom okay
sing it in front of me and the rest of
the family okay sing it in front of me
and the family and the neighbors I hope
I stayed a little softer for a
glass-like sing it sing it you can
follow our next guest of course at Jocko
willing his website is Jocko podcast com
it's an incredibly popular podcast last
time he was when we talked about extreme
ownership but would Jesus co-author his
newest book I want to make sure I get it
is the dichotomy of leadership he was a
lieutenant commander of the US Navy
SEALs I mean the guy is just you
probably know who is Jack oh thanks for
being back sir appreciate it
I am glue this look at this this is a
our newest employee actually smooth mani
is a huge fan of yours so I'll have some
questions from him but he I went in just
the other day and saw just a stack of
these and I said is that Mona's desk
yeah that is that this Jacko celty said
oh yeah it's a whole story because he
doesn't drink coffee and so now I why
don't you tell it to the audience I
guess who doesn't because I was entirely
unfamiliar with this for my apologies so
I guess maybe I'm a bad person because
I'm super particular about things in the
world and the way I like things and so I
used to like to drink pomegranate tea
pomegranate white tea as a matter of
fact I don't know why somebody gave it
to me at some point I really like the
way it tastes it's God doesn't have a
ton of caffeine in it so so it doesn't
make you all jittery yeah anyways
eventually when I when I was on Tim
Ferriss podcast and we were drinking
pomegranate white tea and so people kept
asking what kind you drink what kind
what kind is it and I didn't really like
any particular brand because they were
all a little bit different and I didn't
really love any of them so I just made
one that I really really liked and put
it out there and people started buying
it and then from there I put it in cans
because you know sometimes it's kind of
a pain to do the whole heating up water
or putting a bag yeah I've tied that guy
what was the 10th person is 4-hour
workweek yeah so so I put it a can and
and then I kind of did that with a bunch
of other sort of supplements you know
like I like I like I like to be able to
drink protein but all the protein shakes
were always tasted horrible I had a
bunch of junket on so I made you know
a really good protein that tastes great
and all that stuff so that's just kind
of a little something that I do
unfortunately out like I said I'm I'm
probably too particular about things I
only like them the way I like them and
so I end up having to make what I want
and put it out there well you know it's
okay so that takes me to an interesting
interesting point because you are
particular I have been described as that
myself you know we're about to cross
three million subscribers on YouTube are
incredibly grateful for every single
year or listener means a lot I you know
you can either exalt yourself really
feel humbled by people who enjoy the
show I don't know your podcast just
completely exploded it's wildly popular
I recommend everybody check it out but
you are particular I'm kind of that way
as well how do you balance being
particular getting things right you know
with not being a dick well this is sort
of what the new book the dichotomy of
leadership is about you know nicely done
nicely done it doesn't say Glee because
I can see why you have so many
[Laughter]
incredible sarcasm detector it's a skill
like anything else but okay yes I is a
genuine question though I'm sure you've
it's you have different sometimes
different types of people and especially
as you lead people you learn this
different personalities have different
inner conflict so I'd imagine that's one
that people like you myself
smooth Manny share in common type-a
personalities yeah so one of the things
I think you gotta watch out for is what
matters and what doesn't matter well
like if you get wrapped around here
particular about things but your
particular about things that don't
matter and you let those things drive
you crazy or they you let those things
drive a wedge between you and your team
because you want things done a certain
particular way and it's things that
don't really matter that's gonna be
problematic so for me I think I did a
good job and do a decent job of
discriminating between what actually
matters and what doesn't really matter
and so I'm particularly by the things
that matter and and I the things that
don't really matter okay I'm gonna let
him slide and it's not that big of a
deal and yeah does that take did that
take some effort over the years sure you
know I was a little bit more particular
about things that matter less when I was
younger now I'm a little older a little
bit more mature I grew up a little bit
but now I can look at things I you know
what I'm not gonna worry about that but
these things over here I'm gonna hold
you right but a diet coke you're not
gonna let that slide I hope
we're putting that we're all we're
categorizing them it's obviously the
newest book to the shelves like you said
dichotomy of leadership where does it
sort of fit in with your other books so
you know good gets a good question is
why did you feel the need to write this
considering how thorough you know
extreme ownership is well it's pretty
thorough if you remember the last
chapter and I appreciate you give us a
lot of support for extreme ownership but
that's that's been great it's a great
book the last chapter of extreme
ownerships called the dichotomy of
leadership and you know we hit on it we
hit on the fact that as a leader there
are these dichotomies you and I just
talked about one there's these
dichotomies that are pulling you in
opposite directions and you can see and
as we worked with leaders after Extreme
arch that came out we'd see and probably
are probably my fault probably our fault
for writing extreme ownership and using
the title extreme because people felt
like oh we got to be extreme we got to
be an extreme leader they're like
skateboarding into their conference like
Oh kickflip and then take their knee out
you're like you're 90
stop yeah I've been surance seminars
yeah so so the extremities in leadership
generally aren't that good so the
examples clear examples like as leader
you have to be aggressive right that's
gonna be your default mode you got to
step in and make things happen but at
the same time if you go too far with
that if you're overly aggressive then
you take unnecessary risk and you put
your team at unnecessary risk you put
the mission in unnecessary risk yeah
so you back off of your aggressiveness
but if you back off to too much of your
aggressiveness well then guess what now
you're not being aggressive enough now
you're at the whims of whatever the
situation is and you're not making
anything happen so that's bad so where
do you want to be you want to be
somewhere in the middle another easy one
to to recognize is like talking right a
leader has to communicate a leader has
to talk but can't a leader talk too much
well absolutely
and leader can run their mouth all the
time and now people stop listening
because they're basically crying wolf
about everything that's going on so
that's bad so you back off communicating
so much what if you back off too much
well now you're not communicating enough
and the folks on the frontlines they
don't know what's happening they don't
know what the mission is they don't know
if the goal is and so that's a problem
so where do you want to be you want to
be balanced somewhere and again as we
work with leaders you know cuz I got a
leadership consulting company called
echelon front and we work with all these
different companies all these different
teams and as you work
then we realized that the biggest
problem that leaders have is trying to
find that balance so yeah that's why we
had to write the second book and you
know of course the first book did well
and so the publishers really wanted us
to write a second book really quickly
but we put three years in between the
two books because we wanted to make sure
that we had a subject that was gonna
really hit home and teach leaders
something that's important finding
balance so it's like mister you're kind
of like mr. Miyagi with a buzz cut it's
like find the balance and then you
armbar on them
move on to hear another you talked about
your book Mikey and the Dragons is that
miking the Dragons fighting the Dragons
up and is is this published yet is it
available it's not a it's not published
yet it comes out in November okay and
yeah it's available on Amazon right now
for free the big pre-order but now can
you can you tell me off there the story
with that can we talk about that or no
no it's it's a pretty straightforward
story so I I had an idea for this book
and I actually had one of those moments
where it was pretty cool I woke up in
the middle of the night and wrote the
first half of the book and then I read
it and I was like wow this is good and
another week later I woke up in the
middle night and I wrote the rest of the
book my my daughter and my wife woke up
in the morning and I said hey let me
read you something and they were both
you know my god it was like read it
again who's she was 8 years old inside
she was a leader again and my wife was
looking at me like kind of support she
looked at me like I can't believe you
actually wrote that so yeah which I took
like a compliment you know why can't
believe your daughter orders you around
so now we know admits to who wears the
poem yes trust me so so as I read the
book you know I really liked it I shared
it with a couple of my friends a couple
of my friends kids and everyone was just
nuts about it and it teaches the kids a
very important lesson and so I just
wanted to get this thing out this was in
the summertime I wanted to get this
thing published and publishing is a big
giant well the old school publishing is
what the old school media is you know
it's like well it's this big giant
machine that works in its own way and so
I went to my publisher and I said hey I
got this book you know I want I want to
get this book published by November so
people so the kids can have it for
Christmas let me get in their hands it's
an important book and they were like
well no we're looking at our cycle and
the way thing
work and it's a big you know it's a big
bureaucracy and it's a slow-moving
machine and they said we'll get it
published next cycle it's 14 months away
don't worry about it it'll be great and
I kind of said well no I really want to
do this thing publish can you you know
let's can you help me can we can we make
this happen and and eventually back and
forth back and forth and they were
trying to be accommodating but they just
they just don't have that kind of
maneuverability and finally they just ii
mean there's their quote was there's no
scenario where this book that's
published by november okay I said okay
fair enough so I you know hung up the
phone and then I started my own
publishing company and so you quit and
then created a spite publishing company
perfect that's a good example of a pivot
there and I I'm glad to hear that you
did that because we're actually looking
at hopefully the change my mind book
getting out before Christmas this year I
don't know I don't know that we can
because we have so much work to do but
this is a initially an idea that I had
pitched funny enough back to
conservative publishers many many years
it's about us writing it that's the
issue like we ever like have it all
written the balance probably but yeah
it's about me right we have hundreds of
pages we we took out a stack actually
was it two weeks ago
of just what I had what I had written as
far as like jokes and sketches this year
and I don't know how many thousands of
pages we actually couldn't take it out
of the box it's about 15 16 pages every
single day and that's not including the
change my mind is really about research
and making sure you go back to your
original sources and the point is a long
time ago I didn't have the name change
my mind I pitched it to a conservative
publisher and it was called American
idiots because at this point Green Day
was really popular and they you know I
remember I saw them in Canada they were
chanting American Idiot and I remember I
was the only American there going boh in
Montreal and so I even remember I
designed the cover because I had this
hand with a heart and like a grenade I
remember in mind was a brain basically
the idea that they'd been lobotomized
this idea was describing kind of
different sort of people whose mind you
can change whose minds you can't change
and identifying the difference at the
time we didn't have a lot of the
terminology we do today
point isn't every single publisher
turned it down they did not like it they
were like right-wing people don't do
comedy you know if you find like a
doomsday book where you can sell some
hybrid seeds you let us know
and then there's I will say it was a
small victory this exact same publisher
came up when we got the White House
doing a change my mind secondly
and said we want to do a book deal and I
was like yeah bet you do
so we will you know maybe we will be in
touch though we do need to definitely
have someone at least proofreading it
because man I am
I'm not dyslexic just dumb someone ask
you about this the the Dragons book
Mikey mostly miking the Dragons every
time so like any my could get around
like Matthew and the Dragons it really
sort of um from what I've read from what
I also have that you've sent to me it
talks about sort of the need to be a
hero fort for young boys and overcoming
kind of basic fears and there was a book
I read one time called wild at heart I
don't know if you're familiar with it
but it talks about how every man sort of
young boy needs a damsel to save a
dragon to slay but it's answering that
you talk about overcoming fear what made
you want to write a children's book it
specifically addressing these issues
well the primary thing is I have four
kids you know I have four kids the
oldest one is now 19 years old she's in
college I got a senior in high school I
got a sophomore in high school and I got
a nine year old and so I've seen what
what it does to all I've seen what it
does to kids kids or kids get scared of
things and there's pretty fundamental
principles that you can kind of take
action to overcome your fears and so
that combined with just you know again
diving into human nature all the time on
my podcast and talking about talking
about here as a person and you know I
had to overcome fear you know through my
whole life and you know like I was
scared of the water when I was kid I
ended up becoming a seal well that's
that's that's a good way of overcome
here here you know afraid of heights
okay guess what I jump out of airplanes
hey that's a good way to overcome your
fear of a good result of what we're
coming I was gonna say is it a good way
I mean just throw someone out of a plane
like I'm scared of heights wrong so
there's actually there's actually wigs
actually enough it's called exposure
therapy which is interesting because in
my first kids book I wrote about the kid
who scared of swimming and scared the
water scare swimming and so his uncle
Jake who's a seal who's a navy seal that
stays with him for the summer comes and
says oh you're scared of the water
here's what we're gonna do and he takes
him first to prison and they wait around
in the water then they dunk their heads
in the water then they start walking out
with their chest deep in the water and
then they chart treading water and then
swimming and eventually jumped off the
bridge yes and so I put that in my fur
look like and where I got that from was
my my middle daughter was wanted to be
the star of the school play but she was
scared of scared of the crowds and
scared of performing yeah so I said okay
sing it in front of me okay sing it in
front of me in your mom okay sing it in
front of me and the rest of the family
okay sing it in front of me and the
family and the neighbors and eventually
just build it up where she could get on
stage and she got the lead in the school
play
well I put that around swimming I hope I
stayed a little softer for a glass-like
sing it sing it it's good even drinking
so much white is not that much caffeine
but if you have five of them so when
Jordan Peterson was on my podcast he was
talking about how he had somebody
overcome the fear of needles by starting
to put the needle in the room and then
you put the needle in the in the
bookcase and then you put the picture of
the needle and they hold the needle and
they talk sonido blah blah blah then
they started doing heroin
yeah it's called exposure that's what
it's called it's a real psychological
methodology for people to overcome fear
and anyways so miking the dragon is
about being afraid and what guess what
when you're a little kid you're afraid
of everything and you got to learn to
overcome these fears and so in the book
it's actually a book within a book this
kid the main character Mikey he finds a
book he's actually scared of the book
because there's pictures of
scary-looking dragons in it but he sees
in the book also there's a picture of a
little kid that kind of looks like he
knows what he's doing and so he decides
he's gonna read the book it turns out
that the village or the kingdom inside
the book the King has died he was the
guy that protected the kingdom from the
Dragons now no one wants to face the
Dragons the little prince is like left
everyone's looking at him you gotta face
the Dragons he goes to his dad's war
chest he opens it up he pulls out the
sword the sword said too big for him the
shield he can barely hold up and now
he's getting being more scared I only
sees a note at the bottom of the war
chest he pulls it out it's a note from
his dad and his dad kind of explains to
him how he's gonna overcome these
dragons and the restless' story proceeds
so her daughter was the one who really
liked this and you said reread it and
this is what's interesting because we're
often told that right they sort have to
be separate the books for young boys and
books for young girls and I have to say
listen what's what's what's good for
helping young men learn how to be proper
men is often really good for young women
as well this is one thing I was
interested can you maybe kind of share
some if you have any sort of techniques
or drills that you use to to maintain or
develop sort of the cognitive skills
that you had to develop initially I mean
you know this sort of target
discrimination ah you've talked about an
acquisition in the military
basically it sort of translates to
better decision-making under stress are
there any specific exercises or
techniques that like it is it Lumosity
is Lumosity work questions why get there
I guess there are no techniques or
