some of what's been said you're kinda
racist I'm cool with it that's a little
bit racist latest installment of real
conversations changed my mind the full
unedited interview will be coming up
soon I know that's why you tune in these
these are our segments where we have
full unedited uncut interviews usually
involving a topic that's somewhat
controversial just to prove that you can
have conversations with people and
sometimes Minds can be changed and
sometimes you can part ways and
sometimes there's nothing productive
happens sometimes nothing productive
happens and today's a little bit
different because this comes from when
we were at TCU we were doing the mail
privileges of myth which turned into a
meme changed my mind
and then I sat down with a couple of
people they were very beautiful and have
a conversation that day it was one of
our less productive changed my mind days
they wanted to go to the the white
privilege thank you so well sure you
interpreted the sign is saying white
male privilege yes white male privilege
either that was a thing and we'll show
you that in a bit and that's what
actually spawned a conversation between
a black gentleman and an Asian gentleman
they prefer Orientals they do not agree
with the previous black girl who was
talking about white male privilege and
how I was not entitled to an opinion so
we'll get she was trying to speak on
behalf of all all black men yeah exactly
in this black guy said like I don't
agree with that and so he came up and he
spoke and he sat down they talked about
cultural differences with us you'll see
this this Asian gentleman there and it
was it was really fun this is not really
an argument and actually I think the
black guy was a fan so full disclosure
so that it's not that what you're used
to but I just thought it was something
really cool was an organic conversation
that warranted a watch and I will say
this with it with the real conversations
that changed my mind segments we've been
very happy overall with what will we say
70% positive maybe Larry more than that
it's pretty rare I mean I think I think
even if you have to be a pretty hateful
little booger to just find this to be
like an evil well yeah I mean there were
a couple of those there's like the guy
the white male pros VI frustrating SMU
they tried to run us out in a rail which
is why we're going back to perform
on March 22nd and the feminist said it
was male priviledge II yes in the first
place but yes I'm you they got pretty
mad so that was one where there are a
few like they were they were pretty
upset and that's why we're going back in
the 22nd so book now but I'd say you
know I'd say I would say 70% trying to
be Jenner 70% been positive and 30% have
been somewhat hostile and I will tell
you this though any success that we've
had with this segment when we first
started doing it we said you know if
there's any success with this at all if
we're able to actually keep it civil and
actually have a conversation we want to
have with people the kind of
conversation that we've always had off
air with new people yep sometimes new
hires or sometimes when when people show
up to live shows we'll sit and I'll talk
to you for a long time sometimes even
just nuba right or at an uber ride for
exactly around so if there were if there
were a me level of success with this
series we would have been happy let
alone to see how much it's been embraced
by people out there because that doesn't
really happen in the age of the
clickbait title and everyone wanting to
talk about controversy and anti fun and
obviously that's that's that's reality
you have to deal in reality but you can
also have these kinds of conversations
that are very productive there there are
two sides of that coin and you don't
really hear this other side so we're
pretty happy I would say overall I mean
I would consider something that would
probably really would consider most
proud of here on this let's proud of it
and we kind of fell into it yeah there
wasn't a plan thing it was like let's
just try this and let's see and we
didn't expect much to come of it yeah to
the porter we get a lot of requests
probably more for this than anything
else yeah we have entire campus shows
and tour shows that people want right
just for change my mind coming to mind
right which is very different on the
live show a different at SMU in the 22nd
and then Illinois in March but we will
go to different campuses and do that do
to change my mind segments going forward
so first off let's show you the this was
supposed to be male privilege is a myth
and this lady decided to take a
different direction
[Music]
[Music]
what are your names I'm Hannah Hannah
Marilyn Hannah and Marilyn Jared how do
you okay Hannah and Marilyn so it's sort
of become this neologism this idea of
male privilege and I know we talk about
it a lot on campus and I've had some
conversations with people on campus
today I don't agree with the premise but
I'm open to having my mind changed well
male privilege is definitely a real
thing okay
our country country was built by white
males and it was built for white males
that's why women and any minority don't
have an equal chance of being in
politics that's why most of our
politicians are white males instead of
representative of the actual politic of
the actual population that's why
gerrymandering exists that's why
redlining is this white privilege and
white male privilege and male privilege
is real things okay so I want to make
sure I have this clear do you agree with
what yeah absolutely
okay sorry I'm trying to try and balance
this with the both you hope hope you
forgive me if I'm not perfect so you
believe that this country was founded by
white males exclusively I don't believe
it was I no innovation okay you know it
so what would use to substantiate that a
lot of white males obviously came here
because you know Western Western
civilization people came from Europe lot
of white males I thought it was founded
exclusively for white males that's what
you said yeah how did Amin ated Society
but that doesn't imply that that doesn't
necessarily equate to design the the
Constitution originally didn't mention
women
black people or anything or minorities
or anything and only mentioned white men
it didn't specifically say white but it
said man they didn't give any minorities
the right to anything we had to fight
for that right who's we
the minorities women had to people of
color had to everyone had to except for
white males I'm sorry I'm confused so
you're saying that the Constitution
first off mentioned only white men I
would say it denied man it said men give
mankind men turn you know again this is
just sort of a colloquialism men the
rights were extended to women you're
here aware right they weren't extended
to women women had to fight for their
right no women never had to fight
what do you mean women didn't have to
fight for these rights they literally
had marching women were hard for this
lake for the First Amendment and second
amendment women the right to vote for
the right to not be treated as property
okay so that's interesting you bring up
the right to vote so you say we fought
for it everyone except for white men
know some women did but fill minority it
was mostly white men women at first who
didn't include black women okay so who
do you believe procured the right for
women to vote women fighting for it
really yeah why men one not gave it to
him and if they didn't fight for it so
you believe a majority of women fought
for suffragettes fought for the right to
vote I don't know if it was a majority
but I know women did and we wouldn't
have it those women hadn't stood up for
it okay
well because I seem to move on to a
historical timeline historically that's
actually not accurate the majority of
women so women actually the majority
woman didn't want the right to vote I
told you it I didn't know if it was the
majority but it wouldn't have happened
if wouldn't haven't stood up and this
stuff for just well the reason I bring
that up is because you said it women and
minorities fought for that right not
white men when the fact is women
actually as a majority didn't fight for
that right many of them fought against
it
white men fought for that and were the
ones who signed that into law
because of women and they wouldn't have
sign it into law a woman hadn't made
them sign it into law but they didn't
the majority of women didn't want it
that's my point the reason I didn't want
it by the way we'll move on from this
was because of the fact that voting came
with the draft mandatory bucket duty
responsibilities that were actually not
bestowed upon women at that time and
they didn't want the right to vote
because it would come with the same
responsibilities and so women got the
right to vote but they didn't have to be
a part of the draft or mandatory bucket
to the mandatory firefighting service so
historically I'm just saying that's
actually it's not really accurate it
paints in an accurate picture I know
children there was an anti suffragist
movement
I know conservative women didn't want
the right to vote but it's because of
women that they were given the right to
vote and there's of course there's gonna
be people on each side but there's gonna
be women who want to stay in the home
but the whole point of women fighting
for it is so they have that choice to
stay in the home or go out to vote short
or go into the draft if they want to I
don't think you respectfully
fundamentally have a misunderstanding of
the draft no I go in I didn't believe in
drafting any one at all I don't play at
a time it was a part of voting that's my
point my only point here is you said it
was a society designed by white men
exclusively for white men and gave some
examples which weren't accurate so let
me bring us to today what rights are
afforded in 2018 to men exclusively that
aren't afforded to women and I would I
would like both either to answer Lena I
don't want you to sit there and feel
like I'm I don't want to cut you out of
it I think really well I just don't
think you're understanding her side and
how she's saying that it was a two-sided
thing so there are women who want to
stay at home and live that life and
there are women who wanted the right to
vote to have their voice heard in their
representation sure and I think you want
to you want to focus on the
Conservatives I don't want to say at
home and she's trying to say no no no
well they got the option to stay at home
because other women were fighting for
their right to vote no that's not what I
was that's not what I was presenting
from my site at all
no let me let me clarify one more time
than okay and I want I want to get
really clear not only for you for anyone
watching you said this was a society
created by white men exclusively for
white men and women and minorities had
to fight for these rights and use
examples as voting and white men didn't
what I am pointing out is that as
inaccurate white men did
most women didn't want it so that's a
false premise that pates a false it
paints a it's a false baseline for
today because if you say at one point
I'm not not it I think women should have
the right to vote I'm very glad that we
all do okay we can agree on that what I
can't agree with is something that is
historically inaccurate so I'd like to
find something we agree on
today what rights today in 2018 are
afforded to men that are not afforded to
women I don't believe that there's
systemic male privilege today I'm not
saying I'm entire I could be wrong I
don't believe it though and I would like
to be convinced or I'm certainly open to
being convinced I feel you're a male
privilege privilege is a myth I feel
like only white men have that male
privilege and that's what the focus
should be on okay so there's no black
male privilege no okay
we have some black men and actually in
the audience maybe they can come in
afterwards I would be interested to hear
their perspective so white male
privilege yes okay so what systemic
white male privilege exists a what
rights are afforded for example to white
males that are not afforded to black
males or to white males not afforded to
black females let's divide everyone by
race and gender at this point in regards
to like laws and things like that
obviously the laws aren't like Oh white
men get this prevalent ball of law so in
regard in regards to like technical
terms it says like men it's laid out by
laws really equally when it comes to the
actual systems there's tons of black men
crowding jails for an eighth of weed
well you know white men have like weed
parties and it's cool and that's their
thing but like black men are
automatically arrested for it
so that goes into the whole like police
brutality argument but so can I ask can
I ask you that I've never heard of a
weed party you mean one of the white
males probably yeah
yeah no I don't okay it will have
someone come in afterwards like explain
to me a weed party so I'm no genuine
this is this is not me being explained
I'm sure they do but the premise was the
idea right that black men are in prison
for an eighth of weed do you have any
statistical data to prove that black men
with nothing more than a degree go to
prison I couldn't give you the exact
statistics but there are several
accounts of it and it's not unknown it's
pretty much common sense that blacks are
weight easily more arrested than white
men well it apparently it's also been
common sense that the majority of women
were pushing for the right to vote and
that white men didn't support them so
we're trying to deconstruct some of
these ideas that people may be assumed
are common sense but are factually
inaccurate now the truth is men as a
whole are much more likely to be
incarcerated than women men as a whole
even white men get far more harsh
sentencing for the same crime as women
are shooting up schools so I think they
should have a harsher punished
well hold on a second I mean black black
hold on but hold on a thing but black
men are shooting each other in record
numbers that's not really relevant to
the point hold on one second hold on one
second from the n-double a-c-p you said
for an eighth I want to make sure we're
really clear here you said white men are
having weed parties and a black man with
an eighth of weed will be incarcerated
in a federal prison so what I have here
is your source from the n-double-a-cp
from the n-double-a-cp
in 2014 African Americans constituted
2.3 million or 34% 64% of the curricular
correctional population ok African
Americans are incarcerated at more than
five times the rate of whites now
nothing here at all involves behaviors
or crimes committed I'm trying to look
for anything in here that relates to
black people being sentenced simply for
an eighth of weed
so this is from the n-double-a-cp that
would be his bias of a source as you
could use but I don't see it I don't see
it show me give me I would like to see I
would be very open to hearing the
statistical reality I'm not trying to be
I would I'm not trying to be
confidential I would like to hear that
stat I think it's horrible I don't think
anyone should be arrested for an eighth
of weed or put in jail I think we can
agree on that right whether they're
white or black I think I don't think
white people should be shutting up
schools whether the white or black okay
so let's assume that that will and so I
hope I hope you're still comfortable I
don't want to make anyone I I feel this
has been respectful and you've been very
polite so again the systemic differences
we're talking about you know men period
are more likely to be incarcerated women
men are more likely to be physically
assaulted than women
so we're getting into this first off
this is data but when we get into the
anecdotal that well white men tend to
have it better because they can walk
around and have weed parties it's not
necessarily accurate so particularly
when we're discussing an issue as
sensitive as race gender and systemic
oppression or inequalities don't you
think it's really important that we get
that correct and the premise correct
before we go off and divide people by
these subcategories yeah but I think
there's tons of statistics out there
already and even if you don't want to
look up the statistics it's not hard to
see how many black men are in jail at
larger it's then why then two black men
commit crimes at a higher rate than men
know so you know black men do not commit
crimes at a higher rate than white males
do you have statistics that would
reflect that but it's definitely not
true it's because
since racism is built into the system
that's what the system of its built
against blacks and that's what racism is
that's why there are more blacks in
prisons okay what stealers have gotten
away from male priviledge now we've
gotten to black white but I'll go with
that if you'd like to and I don't
disagree that there have been horrible
instances of racism in this country
including by the way in Canada and of
course in Europe the British Empire and
by the way I hope you understand I'm
certainly not a slavery or racism
apologist I think that's bad I think
racism is bad but you just mentioned
that someone else was just earlier was
saying that he I was okay with rape
which I'm not simply because I believe
there needs to be proof for rape so I
think racism is bad if we can all agree
that racism is bad you say the systems
are racist and setup okay what's
systemic racism do we have today then in
that case therefore careful colored
people it's people of color one's racist
ones okay now
I've never been given the Equality
please never again been given the equal
of competing for jobs because they after
racism was abolished okay segregation
and Jim Crow and separate but equal so
people of color never been given the
same opportunity is white people which
is why it's been built into the system
in 2018 do you believe that's true
okay can I ask you a question your ID
here at to go to TCU at ECU do you know
if there is any affirmative action for
example grants exclusively given to
people of African American heritage so
there are grants and scholarships I
think we would agree across this country
for minorities we not say that's so
these I just want to make sure that I
understand these scholarships correctly
because I don't attend the school so
these are you said it's the community
grant for my it's is that what it's
called community scholar community
scholar and this is exclusively for
minorities to try and get them on campus
minorities but you can be any race you
get this scholarship okay so this is
something spittle
I'm a lower economic standpoint okay are
