also bringing some window controls from
some high-profile firms who struck on
dolly
[Applause]
[Music]
although me y'all know I earn a living
I'll catch this broad for you but it
ain't gonna be easy it's a bad I
like going down to social media and
chasing down Jack Dorsey's or Zuckerberg
now this was this key to swallow your
channels old prescriptions you know the
lesions and down you go now we're gonna
do it quick got to bring back Kol your
rightful subscribers and convert them to
mug clubbers on a paying basis but it's
not gonna be pleasant
all right value my channel hold up more
than 3,000 bucks chief I'll find her for
three but I'll bring my half asian
lawyer and Sewer for ten now you gotta
make up your minds you want to keep your
channels alive and any up you want to
play it cheap you'll be on - common gap
the whole winter I don't want no go fund
me I don't want no patreon is there too
many damn whiny conservatives on this
platform ten thousand dollars from me
and my half asian lawyer bill Richman by
ourselves so that you get the head
schnauzer whole damn thing thank you
very much YouTube Quint will well take
it on advisement mr. mayor
chief ladies and zeez
[Music]
lahter with Crowder studios protected
exclusively by Walter and hopper
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
that's called the evil villain who can't
contain himself because his plot is so
evil I want to be coming collected but
it's difficult because this show was
amazing today we have Daniel Cormier yes
one of the best athletes on the face of
the planet
right now on that you could argue
someone else but it'd be pretty hard as
far as accomplishing if you don't Gavin
McInnes on the show Wow potentially a
future Senator Richard painter on the
show hello and I'm a club film review
and Dennis Rodman Wow oh yeah before we
move on with the show question of the
day because we're going to talk it we're
gonna be kind of roast in a sacred cow
today and public school teachers can you
name me how many teachers you've had in
your life who've had a net positive
impact on your life add them all up
how many stand out because that's one
thing I think a lot of us don't talk
about when we're talking about the
teacher so sort of the dialogue the
national conversation well a second what
should matter most is how many teachers
have really helped you and I can count
them on one hand yes they taught you
that just by their it's for before so we
don't know that producing with me in
video studio as always as go2 is not a
foam and twittered not gauge you had me
touch creditor with your comments your
thoughts your photoshop's by the way
we're gonna have an art contest send
them in I fulfill my legal operations or
any conclusions we good I won't be
judging because I'm not gay I don't know
what that has to do with anything that
was a horrible stereotype that G Morgan
Jr IG Morgan Jr how are you I'm doing
well sir and in the spirit of summertime
Cakebread cellars Sauvignon Blanc oh wow
really the reason brother is because you
got a discount because the season is
over
just like back-to-school sales he does
that with liquor and computer I'm good
people I'm ready with you over lace and
yeah you can send me you can fit me I
just realize I I plugged you and then
you plugged you is it man that means I
have to fire you that means nose fan can
other news to get to we're gonna be
talking obviously about Donald Trump and
Russia that's the main story of the day
but first more important Dennis Rodman
has invited Kanye West to North Korea to
create songs for leader leaders of love
here's the actual video he tweeted to
Kanye West in its entirety because you
deserve it
what's up Kanye's d-rod here man over
there now
you know Newport Beach man thanks a lot
for that shoutout man with the jersey
man
lovely work lovely stop love your wife
here's a beautiful a man I'll talk about
something this mean you do a track
together man about world peace about
leaders of love maybe about leaders of
love
you're one I'm one let's get together
baby and do this right I don't know okay
I don't know what fur stuff they talk
about coat tailing hey Kanye West let's
do a track to get it because I think
what equals I'd be lying if I wasn't a
little bit resentful that these these
are her representatives yes be like
Kanye is taking Rodman for a street ball
but naming himself captain oh yeah
exactly I kind of want to see that
though I want to see them team up well
you have to appreciate his passion what
it was just weird to you that he you
seem to really like Kanye's wife took
like a little pause they're like why no
I mean he really likes Kanye's wife see
the next video he released hey thanks
again for the shadow you made me so
happy and I wanted to follow up I love
you so much man and you're the man and
and I love your wife man and and I was
thinking this song maybe we could do a
music video that does make me so happy
man and you could be in it and me and
Kim Jong and give your wife and oh that
makes me so happy man we can we can have
your wife dance you like it in that
video when you're like going with video
with the motorcycle and and I think it'd
be great for the American and for the
North Korean people man and she'd be
wearing like like they slip so you can
you like see up the side of it and I'd
love to have it man old motor so she'd
be backwards on that motorcycle because
me and her Wow yeah we have two whole
black guys on our side and I still feel
really uncool yes pretty much
- and if you end that up with the person
who does the rants on Facebook and carry
the one two and a half - - sorry for
Alabama police officers have now been
suspended for making a hand gesture on
local ABC in the Jasper Police
Department they were suspended for
making a hand gesture while posing for a
photo they did this little thing some
people claim the circular gesture was
racist according to the city's mayor and
here's something else too there was also
some speculation the gesture is actually
part of a children's game or did you
ever play this yeah of course you get to
you get to hit the ball of them yes yeah
and fun so when years it's not really
that surprising given the other games of
department band including Rock Paper
Scissors Red Rover
induct up Jew because of the diverse
they've had and it turns out by the way
once they found out was just handed
people have been suspended for hand
gestures before mister pretty common
Harvey Weinstein at last year's Hunger
Games premiering that didn't go nor Bill
O'Reilly's new show but really if you
fits not a hand gesture okay it's like
yelling fire in a crowded theater it's
more the action that goes with it here's
the thing best-case scenario if they
really were fired for a white power as
they caught us on the in the article a
white power gesture the black power
phase is literally part of the Twitter
brain did black lives matter so I don't
be the guy points out blatant hypocrisy
but I kind of want to play I do there's
a plain connotation with black power and
white power these are the a shade this
land whale and I say this we have to
because some this person in a bikini
walked down the streets of New York to
prove a point
Cosmo and O'Brien you know what trigger
warning and what's what's fun she said
she was expecting to be quote fat shamed
instead you know but were actually into
it shouting things like I want to suck
on them tasty toes and quote from the
article
let me butter them biscuits and by the
way cuz it's gets so much worse but I
read the article in the man's defense he
was actually yelling at the Popeyes
across the street which see when you
take him on where Ana immediately went
afterwards the family meal and two diet
cokes next week bomber actually
suppresses the fact that two diet cokes
actually cancels out the carbs yes yeah
it is science science she said I was
prepared to be point of that shame I
didn't expect to be fetishized
however count your lucky stars that
somebody was into it or Al she's also
being disingenuous because given that
she sought out and performed sets done
at the corner of Martin Luther King jr.
Malcolm X Boulevard PolitiFact actually
rated her statement a size 25 pants on
fire so that didn't go over well there's
something else do a lot of people listen
once while they do they do there's a
huge difference for tell me this between
fat pride and slightly overweight women
yeah exactly this comes off to I just
there's no good way I washed I feel
pretty with Amy Schumer bad decision my
wife said let's just watch it it's a
long night ice cream - no I just anyway
it's as bad as you would think are such
a masochist I actually didn't think I
trained I thought she could be I think
I've always said she was funny at one
point I know I'm in the minority I don't
I don't hate her I don't I think she was
very funny just not anymore
so one note but I'm sitting there
talking with my wife gonna listen every
single other woman including the extras
they're all attractive the only one
who's not as Amy Schumer men don't
expect you to be perfect so don't think
that when we when we point out someone
who's a size 25 saying this is perfect
this is we don't know for a second
it's fine to be big skinny tall short
not perfect once you say you're perfect
I'm accidentally if I carry ously living
the movie through year you ready for
stars in his head now that's what we
were saying and you said it happens on
both ends actually in one's very
acceptable yeah and one is not so we're
not making fun of this girl at all what
we're saying is hold on oh no no I as a
person when she goes out in public poses
in a bikini and people actually are into
it and she said that creeped her out
more than being fat she can't win if I
walk the streets I feel like people are
looking at me because I'm a size 36 NFL
if you look at me because they were
tricked what do you want tell us what
you want what do you what do you want
what do you do by the way this goes
either way I've had my mom my mom is a
thin woman my wife sits in a woman and
actually hurt her she comes bite
honestly both her parents nor naturally
very thin yeah they've actually the
opposite problem where they've had to go
to doctors just to increase calorie
intake skittles so it's natural it's a
lot and I've had women send them like we
we only have sizes for real women in the
store to their face is she a figment of
your imagination she's right there yeah
we we don't expect women to be perfect
but when you say you're perfect and
you're a land whale how do you make it
into the show yes okay the New York
Times by the way else is right now
reporting that Donald Trump was shown
Intel illustrating that Putin directly
ordered cyber attacks in 2016 New York
Times said it so you know it's good so
Trump's be true took to Twitter this one
of course it was fake news and he said
they were trying to quote so recklessly
hard and hate the fact that I'll
probably have a good
should shoot with Putin I'm not a Donald
Trump hater but a muzzle might not be a
bad investment every once in a while
what oh oh muzzle I thought you said
Muslim or Indonesia or by are you a year
everywhere Muslims congregate
progressive right uh but here to speak
about that more he's been pretty
passionate he's been on shows and you've
seen his political ads former chief
White House Ethics lawyer now candidate
for Richard painter thank you for being
here sir that's a not happy about what
his handling of Russia if you were to
put a finer okay so then what what's
your solution American people a dog a
dog he's trying to say don't mean you
can kiss it I don't think that's okay
that's an odd reference to make I think
is it a swamp fire just put out the fire
with its own swamp you know what we
apologize to our viewers and wish only
the best for Senator perhaps senator
painter I hope he finds what he's
looking for okay moving on with other
things it'll be wildly unpopular you
know we have a fete we've offended
although you know what the truth is we
can actually get a lot of emails from
people in comments if we want going like
yeah you know what I'm slightly big and
this doesn't offend me at all I can't
stand those people yeah they're called
called everybody else on the bell curve
they occupy all of it
you're just a curve hit the notification
bell and join my club if you people
haven't yet joined welcome it's the only
way to support this show we don't we
don't keep the lights on with YouTube
and of course livestream every every
Thursday 8 p.m. Eastern it's never
changed ok so this was an article in
Time magazine called it's the only way
these teachers are working summer jobs
to make ends meet to the violins this is
going to be a little bit of an unpopular
opinion it's time for another sacred cow
cookout
we could probably that could stand to be
improved printed where you had to take
off the edges yeah so unpopular opinion
but stay with me yeah all right
I not all teachers okay I think it's an
important job I'm not saying not the
most important job but we'll get to that
I think some teachers underpaid but I do
think that public school teachers in
particular have devolved into a
professional culture of victimhood and
ingratitude this was an article but it
read very much like a dramatic 20/20
special so that's how were going to
present it here it is well done
summer break technically started in May
18th but he works every day he wakes up
and drives to a space he's rented an
office building in Lawrence Kansas
starting a seven hour shift at around
5:00 a.m. as a transportation consultant
advising on long-distance chemical
hauling before clocking out at noon to
go spend time with his kids okay if you
weren't aware of the agenda at play here
if this would actually read like a very
mild workday Wow that's it that's
awesome this is how you lead the horror
story I haven't walked a short seven
hour shift since I was 21 years old I
was probably 16 it's been a long this
hands been forced to work the every day
9:00 to 3:00
I know it's 9:00 to 4:00 I exaggerated
with one to make a point because I think
I've earned it here it's all a far cry
from Dunn's normal routine for most of
the year he's a high school math teacher
but school's out through August and his
salary doesn't cover his four-year-olds
preschool tuition or eight-year-olds
dental expanders done must supplement
his job with an income from a summer job
okay ah time for a leftist lexicon
school's out equals vacation okay let's
be really clear about this honest summer
vacation for a reason yes and and and by
the way again we work with some people
who are teachers who actually work on
this show part-time okay brilliant
people it's not all teachers but the
ones who talk on this article pretty
damn
I've had it with you uh and summer job
or as it's interchange in this article
second job really means job for
everybody else yeah we don't get three
months off we don't get to an f-1 stuff
we don't get one month off no glad you
cleared that up for everybody also the
title it's the only way can be
substituted with this is one of a
multitude of ways but I want more money
as well as three months off so I'm going
to do it this way and then about
it and then I'm gonna protest when it's
really not about the kids it's about me
making more money for working less time
than the average children really hold on
strike that your honor does it have to
be on the record you're right I already
done deal here it goes I go the more
guns not alone in having a summer side
hustle educators are statistically
thirty percent more likely to have
second jobs than non teachers okay
that's Alexa come second job equals job
and frankly I find this number
surprising when you hire I'm horrible at
math and I caught this when you consider
the average American job is 260 plus
days per year
teachers are only contracted to work 185
days per year good gig I'm surprised
it's only 30% that means that if you I'm
not good at math hold on carry the one
70% of features don't
that's called significant they get to
have their cake and eat it three months
out of the year to the 3.1 million
public school teachers in the u.s.
earned an average of only 59 thousand
dollars during the 2016-17 school year
according to the National Education
Association labor union wait did you say
only yeah I know okay
really so this is about six thousand six
hundred dollars a month okay prorate
that to a 12 months 12 months job and
it's close to 80 thousand dollars it's
like 79 thousand dollars that's 20
thousand more to the national median
income of fifty nine thousand okay
that's median by the way not even
average that's a lot of money that's
more money than I pay my employees is
that a bad thing
it is a terrible thing make the work
every day of the year except for you
know if you think about that this is not
to to to I'm not trying to tar and
feather all teachers this is one of
those subjects I think people are
getting a little bit tired of it
yes you can't it's the most important
job how about neurosurgeon is that in
there somewhere
PR doctor perhaps and we're just saying
all teachers listen you taught social
studies right okay you did creaking
that's not exactly your fame is
economically this is Frizzle no exactly
well and one of the reasons we bring
this up is because you guys go on strike
all the time for very obvious reasons
you want to get paid more money and
you're in a teachers union that then
lobbies the government to set your pay
well by the way politically we'll talk
about big money and Koch brothers not
even close
should be it should be illegal and you
you cry to us every single time it's
about the kids it's about the kids and
for most of you are a lot of you I don't
know the number it's about kids but when
you're out there asking for a 20% raise
like in Arizona we haven't been there
yet to it sorry I have to step on
something you got foreshadowing back to
2020 it's also expensive to work in
education 94% of US public school
teachers report paying out of pocket for
supplies spending an average of four
hundred and seventy nine dollars a year
again I'm horrible at math are you
serious
that's $40 less than an intern pays out
of pocket for a smart phone she had to
buy Crayolas on her own dime
I have 20 care Mountain receipts I just
have never turned in because I'm how
about we just pay them five hundred
dollars a year less and give that money
