there was a case in Detroit this person
is explained to compatriot why he had
picked one of the largest churches in
the Detroit area to attacked and this
church had banned anybody from having
permanent concealed handguns on church
property and he explained to his
compatriot that that made it easier for
him to kill lots of people before
anybody could arrive so this man is
actually written the book the war on
guns so you can imagine why we would
want to have him on right now I can
follow him on the Twitter at John our
lot l OTT jr. mr. John lot thank you for
being here sir
it's great to talk to you thanks for
having me on
well we're super glad to have you on so
I know listen I mean we've talked about
guns quite a bit and you and I were just
talking off air about how it's a
surprisingly winning issue with younger
people and often a lot of people on the
right aren't aware of just how much of a
winning issue it is we've we've had to
run ins with Vox and I know that you
have so let's start with this right now
obviously this gun debate is being I
mean so much of it is just it's it's a
quagmire let's start separating it piece
by piece with you sir the expert Vox
wrote a recent article America's unique
gun violence problem and you basically
deconstructed it point by point how
about you take us through that and what
that experience was like well they've
had I guess the post with like seventeen
charts where they go and they claim that
the United States has is unique in terms
of gun violence that were unique in
terms of the rate that people own guns
in the country and obviously they draw a
connection between the two indicating
that we could only get rid of the guns
we'd end up reducing the level violence
in the United States there's so many
kind of different levels of problems
with it I mean people don't even
understand that there is a difference
between murder and homicide right they
don't they use data in ways that just is
not kosher that you know academics
wouldn't go and use and I can happy to
talk about it but you know so for
example murder and homicide most people
don't know
that the difference between the two is
justifiable homicides homicides are
murders plus cases where either police
or civilians use guns to protect
themselves and so you know in a typical
year recently you would have had maybe
about 8,000 firearm murders but you'd
have maybe 12,000 firearm homicides and
they don't know how large of a share
that the vast majority of those fire
armor ders are gang-related right what
do you think they don't know at this
point I mean you're an academic and some
of them at Vox can be argued are
academics do you think they don't not
like a bomb on the MIT on the wage myth
yes it's like President Obama on the
wage gap you're going or is he trying to
push a message do you really think they
don't know at this point or they're so
entrenched in the agenda that they have
to continue with it because I know your
research shows the opposite might be
true which I'd like to get into right
well I mean it's hard to get in people's
heads to know what's actually motivating
them on things you know there are lots
of prominent cases where numbers are put
out where I just know they're fraudulent
you know so I suppose one of the more
prominent examples there's this guy
named Adam Langford who has put together
data
he says mass public shootings around the
world claiming that the United States
makes up about 1/3 of the mass shootings
around the world but only 4% of the
world's population
I've been asking for the guys data since
they got attention in 2015 I mean when
it came out he had the front page top
above the fold of every major newspaper
in the country and most the minor ones
yeah he got coverage in at least 30
different countries that the man would
hold in in the back your iPhone 4% know
your apps you know it's funny that you
bring that up because we've done this
quite a bit and they don't send their
sources but I've not heard that one
before I know it's false right away
because of the research we've done when
you look at mass shootings in places
like the Honduras and South American
countries and let's see here's the
so they look at mass public shootings of
four more people right in the United
States you're going to get all the cases
but you know so he's looking at data
from the 1960s through 2012 does anybody
really believe that you're going to be
able to find all the mass public
shootings in in Africa or South America
or Central America in the late 60s right
in the 70s I mean it's not like jeepers
yeah it's not like their newspapers were
even online at the time yeah and half
the archive you're not alone away by
Kony in Africa there's no way to get it
I can't imagine and and no one called
him on his claim well the thing is the
media doesn't care about it I just been
going back and forth with some people at
the New York Times because they just a
few months ago ran a huge full page
showing graphs that he had from his data
the thing is the graphs are unusable to
try to figure it out because they don't
label the dots and the vast majority of
dots are kind of all scrambled together
so you can't figure out what the with
the number he's claiming for individual
countries so I'd like to get information
on the actual cases that he has or if
that doesn't work which they won't give
you at least tell me the number of cases
he's claiming by country but they won't
do that yes and in the reporters they
don't care they won't they don't ask so
the thing with the New York Times that
Langford had told the New York Times are
told us that he had given the New York
Times exclusivity now you're dealing
with the media exclusivity with you on
gun violence it's not a scoop right
nobody even if even if somehow you had
giving them exclusivity it would just be
to let them run it first right you're
not gonna go and say well I'm gonna give
the newspaper exclusivity for five
months or for you know perpetuity after
that right and then when we contact the
New York Times they said well you have
to get it from Langford that they
weren't gonna give it out to us I don't
know why but they you know it just
that's afraid I have to protect my
sources what do you do if CDs like it's
a CD
except it's not so anyway just there's
so many things out there and well let me
ask you this you know lately what would
you say the most the most repeated false
point in the gun control narrative right
now if you had to zoning unlike on one
and we can go to number two and three
but what would you say is most important
for people to know I suppose maybe the
simplest thing is just how do you make
comparisons across places so you'll see
people say we'll look the United Kingdom
has very strict gun control
very few guns are owned and yet and they
have a low homicide rate compared to the
United States and and they say therefore
that means that it's the strict gun
control that's causing the low crime
right there the problem is is that if
you look before they had the gun control
laws they had an even lower homicide
rate right that when they passed the
different gun control laws their
homicide rate went up it was still lower
than the United States but given that it
was even lower before they had the gun
control laws it's hard to go and say
they have a low homicide rate because of
the gun control laws there's obviously
other things that vary across countries
and places that are accounting for the
difference there I feel as though
they've moved even away from that you
can correct me if I'm wrong but again we
deal in this world quite a bit with with
Vox and with a you know HuffPo and of
course they points the Australian
mandatory buyback they don't tell you
it's a mandatory buyback you know
because no one wants to take your guns
away by the way in case you were
paranoid but um they've moved away it
seems from from for example gun homicide
they've moved entirely just to gun
related homicide because the violent
crime rates are actually worse in a lot
of these countries with strict gun
control we see yes and so I mean a lot
of countries don't report murder rates
right and also one of the things is that
there's a much bigger difference between
homicides and murders in the United
States than there is most other
countries we have people defend
themselves more here in the United
States and so you have you know a bigger
gap that's there but you mentioned the
Australian stuff the Australia stuff you
know I don't know hoax or whatever it's
just complete missing for me
so I'll just give you a simple example
they'll go and they'll say that firearm
homicides were lower after the 96-97 by
back then they were before but and
that's true but the thing is it was
falling for 15 years prior to the
buyback and it was falling afterwards
but at a slower rate right and so you
know if it were falling at a faster rate
or there was a kind of a big downward
jump right at that time it would make
more sense but if it's falling before I
mean if you have a straight line and
it's falling over the entire period you
could pick any year right and the after
average would be below the before
average you wouldn't take that as
evidence that any of those years were
somehow crucial for changing the levels
that were occurring there in terms of
firearm homicides the other thing is
that's never mentioned it's true they
had this big buyback about a third of
the guns were bought back in 96 and 97
but people were then able to go out and
buy guns again and by 2010 the gun
ownership rate in Australia was actually
above what it was prior to the buyback
so if if they're right about this what
you should have seen is a big sharp
immediate drop and then an increase over
time and that's not what you observe wha
we've written about that quite a bit and
isn't it also true that you see the same
trend in New Zealand which would be the
most comparable country as well during
that same period of time and they didn't
have the mandatory buyback well you
definitely exactly where you don't see
it in terms of the mass public shooting
I mean you see you see the same trend in
terms of mass public shootings look New
Zealand actually had a bigger drop in
the rate of mass public shootings at the
same time than Australia did and yet
they didn't pass any laws that would be
related to this exactly Hobbit trilogy
was released so people were on you know
it's across countries a good example of
that as infant mortality rates you know
we've talked about this with health care
quite a bit when people try to bring up
socialized health care they said well
these other countries spend less than
better really the only the only
barometer that's used when they're
talking about that are our poll is
polling data by subjective measurements
where they ask people are you satisfied
with your health care and people say yes
but if you look at wait times in
emergency rooms the United States is
better if you look at mortality rates
from serious illnesses objective
empirical data empirical data would say
yes which isn't necessarily the realm
sometimes of our political opposition
when they're dealing with these topics
have you have you find it hard found it
hard to find someone who's willing to
step up like you said with these sources
but to have a conversation or debate
because another New York Times just ran
today a piece saying how to deal how to
have the gun control argument today I
don't know if you saw this in the
opinion page and I was going on a second
you didn't just have an argument you
just wrote an op-ed you still have yet
to have an argument yeah look I'll tell
you the gun control people have an
agreement among themselves not to debate
me and the you know I think there are a
couple reasons for that one is for TV
shows they'll usually want to have
people from both sides and if everybody
from the different gun control groups
don't want to debate me I mean I can't
tell you the number of times they'll get
a call from CNN or somebody be driving
into the studio and I'm like five
minutes away from the studio and I'll
get a call from the producer saying well
we're gonna have to go a different
direction you know none of the bloomberg
people when we told them that you were
going to be on the air by you know said
that they we had to get somebody else
they said they'd rather wore a guy who
was a former Republican and supports
sensible gun control measures that's a
better conversation we're gonna go with
that one
let me ask you this since we can't
compare across different countries and
I've talked we can we can look at things
across countries but you have to do in a
particular way so for example I'll give
you a simple question that is can you
name me one place in the world that's
ban guns either all guns or all handguns
and see murder rates fall or even stay
the same every single place that's
banned guns he had seen increase is
often very large
increases in in murder rates and I would
say deadpan that's the example they
often use and I know the answer but I
figured I'd toss it out there right well
the thing is with Japan you want to look
before and after they have the gun
control laws
Japan's had a low murder rate as long as
we have numbers from them and they've
had very strict gun control laws since
the 1700s only samurai were basically
legally able to go and own guns so you
know you want to have something where we
can say you know like when the UK banned
handguns and January 97 their homicide
rate went up 50 percent over the next
eight years you see similar increases so
you look at island nations because gun
control advocates will say okay well
it's true but murder and violent crime
went up in Chicago and in Washington DC
after we had bands but that's not really
a fair comparison they'll say because
people go and get guns from you know
rest of Illinois or Indiana or Maryland
or Virginia the thing is that doesn't
explain why it went up right people
could buy guns from those places
beforehand it may explain why I didn't
go down as they were predicting though
if they really believed that that caused
it to go up to be kind of nice if they
had shared that secret with people
before the bans were passed right but
but even if you look at island nations
that can't go and blame a neighbor you
see every single time that you've had a
band murder rates have gone up often you
know five six seven fold after bans have
been placed and turns out they say
murder as opposed to homicide I want to
make sure we're getting well I mean both
murder and homicide depending upon how
the place measures it not everybody
measures murder but you see an increase
in both of those and and for most
countries murder and homicide are much
more close to each other than is true in
the United States right but you know you
think it would cause gun control
advocates some pause you know usually
the response you'll get back is well
we're not talking about banning guns but
but the one is I'm not I don't believe
that I think they would like the banned
guns if they could but to the point
stands for other laws you have to ask
yourself who is most likely to obey the
different gun control laws that you have
the reason why murder rates go up after
bans is that it's the most law-abiding
good citizens who turn in their guns not
the criminals so much and to the extent
that you disarm law-abiding citizens
relative to criminals you actually make
it easier for them to go and commit
crimes in it that's true for gun control
generally so I'm not to mention the
moral reprehensibility of forbidding
someone their god-given right to protect
themselves it to me is immoral to say
well this woman has never had to defend
herself because David Hogg was on CNN
once but one thing I would like to kind
of hone in on here we just talked about
different countries but something they
bring up I know they bring up quite a
bit no Vox has done this I'd like to ask
you do states so now for stateside where
we have obviously a consistent
measurement homicides murders do states
overall you just listed Chicago but
states with stricter gun control laws
can they argue that states with stricter
gun control laws have lower gun crime
overall or oh yeah no the opposite is
clearly true what you have to do is
essentially deal with the same point
that we dealt with when we're talking
about the UK you have to deal with what
were the different crime rates across
these places or murder rates before they
had these gun laws and to see how they
change after they've adopted them so you
want to kind of pull out kind of the
pre-existing average differences across
places and as soon as you do that you
see in fact that the places with the
stricter gun control laws have I have
much higher murder rates that are there
much higher homicide rates much higher
overall gun deaths you know even if you
include suicides in there well what
would we use as examples as far as
states or cities with those kinds of
laws and high high of violent crime
rates well the point is how it changes
kind of before and after if they go to
the post that we put up on responding to
the box then because you're right that's
one of the things that they put up there
we have a diagram that basically
uses something from the Brady Campaign
which is a gun control group every year
since 2001 they put out an index of gun
control laws in different places in
different states and you could see very
clearly that as states have had their
you know number of gun control laws
increase you'll see an increase in the
homicides or firearm homicides or
murders however you want to break it
down the lucious outlaws in the country
live alone knows is Vermont Vermont two
are the losses Vermont is the one place
in the country I think maybe Arizona now
but you can purchase a firearm from
Vermont in Vermont then you can carry it
open or concealed try and open artery
verse all that alright yeah but that's
for optics yeah I up until literally
just less I guess now Vermont has had no
other state gun control laws on its own
the only gun control laws there are the
federal laws that are there but you have
fourteen states now that have similar
types of concealed carry laws to Vermont
where you don't need to have a permit to
carry within those states they're twelve
states which are exactly like Vermont
where you don't need to have a permit to
carry any place in the state and then
there are two other states Montana and
Arkansas where you don't need to have
permit in the vast majority of the state
but in some places you do and you know
most these states laws are fairly recent
but you know just like little concealed
carry to begin with there hasn't been
the types of bad things that people been
claiming and you know the big benefit of
this is is who benefits the most from
caring and my research indicates it's
basically the people most likely be
victims of violent crime and that
overwhelmingly tends to be poor blacks
who live in high crime urban areas so
you have a state like Illinois they
allow concealed carry now but it costs
