[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
all right glad to have our next guest
there's only a handful of guests so we
can do long-form interviews with a
little bit handful of guests with whom
we can do long-form interviews and it'd
still be interesting yeah we don't hit
our lives bye-bye yes 3dr yeah we dr.
Peterson and now you said our three he's
panicky no we're not gonna do three
hours and of course we think more than
anyone this next gentleman is Dennis
Prager you can follow him on the Twitter
at Dennis Prager I believe yeah at
Dennis Prager sometimes there's an
underscore in there and Prager you the
real thing a guy does unbelievable mr.
Bricker thank you being back sir
you know what I loved about what you did
is very impressive you corrected
yourself to be even more precise there
are very few people we could do a long
interview with no no that's not true a
long interview with and still be
interesting I love that I do the same
thing but it shows you are monitoring
yourself for accuracy and that's very
impressive
thank you I also tried to correct my
grammar because I realized that I just I
just spoke out of turn it was just a
disaster to start and so I try to
correct it you know it's funny I right
away I have abandon any of my notes I
was going to ask you and this is the way
it goes I always talk when I tell people
to go hey you know you seem comfortable
speaking in front of an audience any
tips and I always say you'll never be
thought a fool if you speak simply and
effectively you see so many people
misuse words or try to use you from you
try to use sort of colloquialisms they
don't even understand it so if you don't
just stay away from it and no one's
gonna call you on it's like Joey
Tribbiani with a thesaurus yes exactly
have you did you learn that at an early
age I knew what a barrier I started
speaking at 21 and I and I oddly in a
very odd life I was sent to the Soviet
Union to learn things and I came back to
America
and and they said all young man who
speaks Russian just got back from the
Soviet Union so I had a lot of speeches
at a very very early age but I knew
immediately that the more I spoke real
that's my favorite word by the way
real real the more I spoke real the more
people listened and when I hear talk
show hosts often who or just starting
out or in even just mid-career and they
have a different way of speaking on the
radio than in real life and I tuned out
it's not interesting to me well and
therefore now this is Dennis Prager ITSO
talking Ceridian but nobody nobody talks
like that yes that's why people say when
they meet me Wow you're just the same as
on the radio and that's the greatest
compliment I can get they are right it's
the exact same guy that's true you're
you're taller than I expected I remember
when I first met you that's a shock to
people yeah you know I think it is a
shock to people looking at me now I'm
six foot four but looking at me now I
could be four foot three it's true
we have no idea you know what it is I
think it's because you're proportional
and I've talked a lot of you'll think
wow you're a lot taller than I expected
you know people like if you think of
Sean Hannity or a lot of these you know
these newscasters or Anderson Cooper
they have these big square head it's
Josh Brolin yeah they have heads like
refrigerators and then they're tiny guys
are not big guys whereas you have a head
like a normal person I'm not saying you
have a shrunken head you have a normal
head and so in comparison to short guys
with a big head the camera it's a it's a
total facade people don't realize it's
not an accurate representation of who
you are yeah yeah well you have to worry
about it because you do a lot of radio
but still you know you got your hair and
it's it's going well for you um let me
let me let me ask you this it's funny
you just said real I was just watching
this filmed all eyes on me with Tupac
and that's a I this is true and I'm
watching it and they gloss over his ten
arrests and they gloss over you know
that he just so happy well he just so
happened to be in the room where a rape
occurred with his manager and I glossed
over he just so happened I was be wrong
place wrong time when he shot people who
happened to be undercover cops but it
was always you know keep it real and he
talked about how much he loved his mom
and keep it real respect our women but
all
he did was disrespect women it's become
this cloak keep it real when people
couldn't be keeping it more fake I
wonder if that's the appeal with you I'm
not saying your your you know an
old-timer but you're older than me but
you have a very young audience
I think it's authenticity not all that's
a very interesting subject you raised in
general because I have this odd life of
having done the same thing at 21 that
I'm doing today which is publicly
speaking I can tell you a fascinating
thing that I never would have predicted
when I go to colleges which I do
regularly to speak uh I obviously know
my audience as you know your audience a
good speaker knows their audience young
people take me more seriously the older
I get when with all of the stuff about
the you know society is youth mania and
youth worship the fascinating truth is
but Bernie Sanders was an example yeah
the fascinating truth is that a lot of
people get more credibility with young
people as they get older
well you I think I think some of that is
because I think we're finding ourselves
more and more amidst generations who
don't have those father-son
father/daughter talks I think that's I
think it all to you because there's like
there's a hunger in a in a market for
people who dennis prager shaped hole in
their hearts yeah yeah exactly to speak
so my wisdom I need people's lives you
know
seriously it's I get I get a lot of
attacks and I get a lot of compliments
and one of the compliments that really
does mean a lot to me is especially when
a guy calls up and says you're like a
father figure to me and I always say I'm
happy for you and I'm happy for me
because we guy needs a father figure
either in his own father or in addition
to his own father
yeah sure and every every woman needs a
father figure unless you want to install
a stripper pole in the trailer park that
is very very some prices pretty right
well let me ask you this because this
transitions to what we were about to
talk about Prager University
but this teaches a lot of
and I will say by the way the age thing
is true of always said it's not about
age it's about relevancy and I don't
necessarily even think it's because
you're older I think it's that you
maintain relevancy and I think you're
become more and more relevant in this
age of identity politics and populism
some form of consistency that people can
use as a reference point when I was on
Fox News and I was the youngest
contributor I made sure I said don't
ever use my age because I never wanted
to be the young guy who came out just
either my ideas are good or they're not
and I think yours are good and it's
about relevancy do you think that's why
I know you guys have a lawsuit maybe
clarify for people who don't know from
prag are you with YouTube these videos
are so family-friendly they're so benign
I guess as far as the hate speech
guidelines but almost all of them are
restricted do you think some of that
targeting is because you're relevant
because you reach people there's no
other possible explanation for those of
your viewers who don't know I'll be very
brief we put out five-minute videos
every week we have about 300 out there
the people who present these videos are
some of the finest minds in the world
whether MIT Stanford Harvard the you
know the usual gang for Pulitzer Prize
winners you will well anything you're no
no you're a fine mind I mean we wouldn't
have had you what for any other reason
you you have your perfect example you
have something relevant to say well I
pre and we appreciate that in any event
you know we put out stuff like you know
Victor Davis Hanson who was his
mild-mannered a human as I have ever met
five minutes on the Korean War
why is that on the restricted list I'll
tell you why because it paints America
positively right wherever we have a
video that paints America or Israel
positively YouTube has put it on the
restricted list which means that if a
family filters out pornography it can't
get that video libraries by definition
can't get it in schools my definition
can't get it now you've seen our stuff
it is the antithesis
of pornography I mean give me a break
its intellectual pornography one could
make the case
what progress its intellectual put to
pornography will make you that's right
yeah no no I agree with you by
forgetting I on everything i mounted the
drugs but but the intellect should get
you high I agree with you on that and in
any event it's purely political they
they don't want an effective
conservative voice and were very
effective we had six hundred million
views last year and most of them were
under 35 years of age yeah well we
talked about this
forward publishing and pray are you
people we went out to with YouTube in
New York I've talked about this on the
Joe Rogan show and your people and the
the forward publishing daily wire people
were the only other people in that room
who stood up everyone was sitting there
quietly kind of nodding and they gave us
a nice lunch in the cheese spread and
talked about the new guidelines
fantastic hummus it was fantastic hummus
it was world-class Google spared no
expense but then I remember I stood up
and said hold on a second we're all here
because we're losing our ability to make
a living on a platform that you actually
advertise to us you advertise to us your
platform for us to use your platform
exclusively to make our living can we
talk about this and some conservatives
think tanks were oh hush don't rock the
boat they wanted to be there and mingle
play game the Prager University lawsuit
and I said it makes sense we're not
playing around I know you aren't playing
around or you're playing for keeps
rather what is what is the status of
this is it a lawsuit exactly is it a
petition for information I don't want to
misspeak no no it is a lawsuit okay
there's it's a breach of contract they
they claim that they will allow anything
that is not pornographic or the like or
incites violence on on their platform so
they either have to change their
platform and say we are open to all
views left-of-centre not two views right
of center or they have to in fact allow
our videos up I mean so it's really it's
a lawsuit
in in not not only because it's a
lawsuit but it's an attempt to get them
to say the truth and the truth at this
moment is that YouTube owned by Google
is political have they
how have they acknowledged your
complaints and they responded at all
what's what's there just a cura stay had
to respond and the response is fairly
weak cheese oh well we're a private
enterprise we could do what we want sure
all of a sudden that all of a sudden
they're big on private enterprise right
but believe me if a baker doesn't want
to bake a cake for a same-sex wedding
right they're not for private enterprise
no no or when it comes to net neutrality
they're the biggest supporters they want
to force ISPs to to play by rules
unfitted in 2015 and we're doing it for
the little guy well what about the
little guy making a living who disagrees
with you I'm gonna trample him so you
said this is I find interesting I didn't
know this because I assumed all of our
stuff it just gets D monetized or
restricted because they find it
offensive fine you know painting
Mohammed as Bob Ross I get it
I don't agree with it but I understand
it but Frager you videos like you said
there you have some of the best minds
you said anything that's Pro America I
understand Israel because of these sort
of I guess sort of I guess you would say
Jewish secularists in Silicon Valley who
have some sort of fascination with
Palestine I don't know what it is
Houston and feminists but it's a big
movement Alice Tinian feminists they are
very anti-israel I've known that for a
long time but pro-america videos you
notice get dinged oh of course that's
why the Korean War one or or one name
that this is hilarious we have one
called America must lead some left-wing
site also has a video called America bus
lead there's is a hun and ours it's
restricted and so where wherever people
should look at the list they go to
Prager you've got to come they could
read the whole lawsuit they could see
what's on the list of the 40 that are
restricted and again if it's if it shows
America in a favorable light the chances
are it will be restricted when you say
you understand the Israel part not the
America part they're very related
one of my books is called why the Jews
it's it's in third edition with Simon &
Schuster and it's an explanation of
anti-semitism but the interesting thing
is that in the third edition I show that
anti-americanism is a variant of
anti-semitism for the exact same reason
Jews have been hated America is hated
and and it's so they do go hand in hand
I don't know anybody for example who who
loves Israel and doesn't love America or
loves America doesn't love it it's very
rare right they almost always or hates
one but not the other that is true they
almost go hand in hand it's kind of for
example you know Joe Rogan was accused
of being an all right not see it because
he had an American flag behind him to
them that's basically my little be the
flag of the Third Reich they see the
American flag they see you with a flag
pin they see patriotic symbolism the
left assumes you're an enemy and just as
surely if I see someone who's patriotic
I go oh he's probably at the very least
moderate or slightly right of center
yeah that's right well the giveaway was
when when Donald Trump gave his speech
in Warsaw last year and said we need to
protect Western civilization the New
York Times said it was a white
supremacist dog was right yeah there was
a dog whistle
yeah Western civilization Western
civilization right don't tell that to
the black and Asian Americans who've
pulled themselves out of poverty in
record numbers in comparison to any
other civilization in the history of
humanity that is interesting that is by
the way why the Jews from Dennis burger
not to be confused with why it's the
Jews by Mel Gibson totally different
look different direction sorry mr.
Prager I know you're both critically
acclaimed both critically acclaimed for
different reasons you know it's funny
that you mentioned the Winter Olympics
are underway and I've noticed this
certainly a lot of the American athletes
and a lot of these competitors worldwide
when they're interviewed when they win
their medals they talk about their
experience or you know my journey not so
much their country and obviously
competing this pride of country or
certainly not as it used to be you know
that America is the greatest force for
good and if you look back in the 40s and
50s and 60s there was a lot of pride you
were
for your country have you noticed that
stark contrasts between I guess sort of
the the post-event interviews today and
those of your EIN watch them as much as
I should to answer you properly but i
I've noticed it over the course of time
look the left hates nationalism except
for one there's one nationalism on earth
they're in love with Palestinian yeah
but outside of Palestinian nationalism
since Marx remember that communist
manifesto ends proletariat of the world
unite
you have nothing to lose but your chains
they divided the world between worker
and owner not between American and
German and French and English they
wanted to abolish national identity from
Marx to today's Democratic Party that
has been a consistent they have no
interest they have contempt for national
identity
right and that's why they for open
borders yes they don't care if ask a
leftist what if 50 million people came
in tomorrow and American identity were
there by simply diluted they go so what
right American identity is fascist
anyway which is for a couple of ironies
they're Palestine not a nation also the
fact that you as you mention okay here
all the stuff you wanted we have gay
marriage now you the trans people can
you know they can hop on up to any
urinal they want
isn't that a national identity you're
proud was compared to people of enforced
abortions of North Korean internment
camps you're saying that Kim Jong sister
stole the show at the ceremony how about
just relating to the national identity
that you've helped create here modern
progressives it's it's it really is
crazy to me modern America is something
they fought for too they should be happy
with well liberals for fourth the left
has always been opposed it's at your
daily statement of mine on my radio show
that liberalism and leftism have almost
nothing in common
the problem is Lib
don't know it hmm that's that's the
there are a few liberals like Harvard
professor what's his name uh Alan
Dershowitz yeah the harvard law
professor who is a big liberal a big
supporter of Hillary Clinton he said to
me and it's on camera it's coming out in
our movie no safe spaces later this year
and they want to dude with Adam Carolla
right and yeah and he said the left is a
much greater threat to liberalism than
the right yeah yeah I think well here's
one thing though I he can say that all
he wants and I agree with him but at a
certain point people like gerschwitz
they do have to say hold on a second
there is no official representation
whatsoever of my point of view in
today's Democratic Party it doesn't
exactly
it's a left-wing party it is no longer a
liberal party Franklin D Roosevelt the
Liberals hero Franklin D Roosevelt
regularly spoke about the need to defend
not only Western civilization but
Christian civilization if a president
said that today they would be
impeachment a movement for impeachment
yeah no that's an important point to me
by the way also the guy who did the
internment camp we were just talking
about that's left left his folk hero
after year do you guys remember this
this wasn't a guy who was necessarily
soft on foreign policy kind of went a
little too far some people argue in that
direction but you know this is one
difference I see from the right in the
left they talk about how closed-minded
the right is and I talked about this I
think with Ruben in Rogan who's like
they say way and its political tribalism
I go hold on a second the right you can
have someone like Dennis Prager you can
have steven crowder you can have Ben
