no one here is saying only hydro I'm not
you're not no one here saying only
nuclear I'm not you're not no one here
saying only fracking I'm not you're not
no one here saying only clean coal I'm
not you're not no one here is even
saying no solar and and noha noha wind
turbines
we're just saying it shouldn't be
subsidized but to the rest of the media
this conversation is that of two
radicals who need to be locked away and
that is concerning to me very happy now
we have a return guest on the program
it's always interesting when you have
people like our next guest because the
video goes up on YouTube and we don't do
a lot of long-form guest interviews yeah
not too often let alone for a second
time and you see this video it goes up
on YouTube of course people who are mug
Club members they enjoyed it but the
people on YouTube their split and you
see a lot of dislikes two likes and then
the ratio just hits a tipping point and
it switches when more people see it and
they actually start looking up what the
guest is actually looking up the stats
of exactly because you know this guy
he's a doctor that means we're all a
bunch of slopes but you can follow him
on the Twitter as long as they allow him
at eco sense now his book is confessions
of a Greenpeace dropout dr. Patrick
Moore thank you for being back sir great
Steven nice to be with you again well I
I'm really glad to have you back because
there were a couple of things I wanted
to talk about and I know that you wrote
an article about twelve and visible eco
catastrophes and threats of doom that
are actually fake I'd like to get to
those in a second but last time we had
you on first off did you get a lot of
feedback from urine and your in your
private inboxes or did you check out the
comments section do you just avoid it no
I generally do look at the comments
section and it was quite a lot of
comments you're right there was some
negatives at first knee-jerk stuff and
trolls but in the end it came out very
positive because I am telling the truth
and if anybody can find something that
I'm saying that they don't think is true
I would be very pleased to hear from
them so I can correct it the comments
switched because immediately people have
a knee-jerk reaction like you said they
go oh this person is this person is a
climate denier dislike until I
realized on a second one of the founding
members of Greenpeace a doctor somebody
who's actually study this extensively
and then people started listening to
what you
to say and I wanted to have you on for
for something specific that I noticed
you know I spend a lot of times and a
lot of time in the Great Lakes regions
and you know there but record-high is
right now remember dick Durbin in 2013
saying they were gonna dry up and fast
for a few years some of them I think are
at record highs and I know others are at
17-year highs and in contrast what we
talked about with climate change
wherever people line up personally the
region has had some of the best growing
climates in decades cherries are very
finicky crop that's one thing that I
know because we have family who work in
cherries and it needs a very moderate
slow thawing winter and they've actually
had to dump cherries to price fix so
right away I thought of you when we
discussed climate change a warming
climate and more precipitation have you
been following this and I always wonder
what the response is from the alarmists
regardless of where they line up on
climate change but the alarmism Africa
on a second the lakes are high and
growing is fantastic well they'll find
some reason to say that it's bad that
the lakes are overflowing etc you know I
mean because now it's become that
climate change is too hot and it's too
cold and it's too wet and it's too dry
and then they make up that there's more
tornados and hurricanes which is false
and then they make up that there's more
damage being caused by extreme weather
which is true because there's so much
more infrastructure in the way of
extreme winter today because of the
population growth and the growth of
cities and all so they'll find a way
every time to point to something that
they claim is out of the ordinary and I
have challenged these people in a
general sense that there is nothing
absolutely zero nothing in today's
weather or climate that is anywhere near
out of line with the last 10,000 years
in this interglacial period since the
ice caps melted the last time and so
they've got to say ok no there's a
strongest this and the strongest that or
the weakest this and the week is that
they can't because nothing that is
happening now is anywhere near out of
ordinary with the ordinary well that is
just there's extremes in every measure
you'll always find an extreme somewhere
in the world
going on and that's all they do is
cherry-pick them now and it's really
disingenuous of them because they
started saying it's global warming and
carbon dioxide is doing it it was very
simple what they said at the beginning
sure more co2 from human fossil fuel
consumption will increase the warming of
the earth then they changed it to
climate change which now wasn't just
warming it was also cold yes and rasa
and and and wet and every other
imaginable flooding and whatever all of
a sudden was attributable to carbon
dioxide even cold was attributable to
carbon dioxide even though the idea of
co2 being a greenhouse gas is the idea
that it would make it warmer right not
that it would make it colder and then
when the temperature stopped increasing
at the rate it did during the 1990s
wasn't we both acknowledge it was
happening was it it was increasing 1990s
yes there you go there's four people out
there's not a desire he's actually
analyzing the data we both agree on that
good this 1990s warming its beginning in
actually the 80s followed the cooling
from the 1940s to the 1970s in which if
you go to the deplorable climate science
blog of Tony Heller's you will see just
yesterday on the 10th of this month he
documented what they were saying that
now new age may be coming because it was
cooling in the 60s and 70s yes then it
started warming again and around 2000
the warming slowed down to are basically
insignificant level well I believe we've
cut I don't want to I don't want to cut
you but I believe we've covered this
quite a bit in the first interview and
it was very interesting and of course
there's still backlash no matter what my
my point of interest here is with the
Great Lakes it's moderate temperate
climate climates not super cold and not
super hot in the summers slow thawing
and record crop yields for the probe
over dumping cherries out because we
want to fix the prices it to me it is
mind-boggling but this does bring us to
a bigger point which you wrote about in
your article um what do you think of the
new trend I you know what maybe I'm
ignorant maybe it's not a new trend but
it seems as though science right now is
bowing to activism quite a bit and
that's kind of what you're speaking
about where where where science is often
used to silence
whatever contradicts its initial
hypothesis and a good example this is
right now if people are watching this on
YouTube I don't know if you're where
this YouTube now puts fat check links on
all videos about people who might be
climate change skeptics as they put them
in order to debunk them so right now it
could be appearing I have no idea what
point in this video what do you think
about science bowing to political
pressure is that a real problem yes it
is a real problem like when Galileo was
put under house arrest for his life for
saying that the earth went around the
Sun and the same thing is happening now
people are claiming that co2 is the main
driver of climate change global warming
and now it isn't even climate change
it's extreme weather events they used to
say oh that's not climate that's just
the weather when you said oh it was
really cold or read something you know
that that's sort of contradicted right
the global warming scenario and and now
all they do is talk about extreme
weather when they were telling us not to
confuse weather with climate yes years
ago it was used to actually make people
look like it make anybody look like a
simpleton they go oh you're confusing
climate and weather and of course I
ruined Thanksgiving dinner did you have
you heard that by the way the recent a
good example of the hoax academic paper
it claimed that penises cause climate
change were you up on this I did hear
about that and I looked down and could
not see any causal relationship at all
well yes it's more of it's more of a
climate detector it's a veritable
climate psychic interchangeably but it's
it's pretty funny they just used a bunch
of climate jargon to associate penises
with worsening climate change but the
funny part I don't think I'll ever will
know about this it actually was
published in her peer-reviewed academic
journal they were tricked that to me is
I mean that really is Orwellian type
scary as a non scientist well you know
at my age actually Steven any cause
effect relationship related to that part
of my anatomy would be welcome that's
AII
there'll be a different doctor who I'll
have on on a private Skype after this
but I mean how does that happen how does
something like this someone who's been
in this industry for a long time and
obviously the work that you've done as a
doctor how does something like this get
pop we always talk about peer-reviewed
papers
in a peer-reviewed journals how does
something that was fraudulent by design
make it through what's the process like
Howard it screaming it's completely
corrupted in that almost all the
peer-review is being done by people's
buddies who are on the same wavelength
as they are and and actually most of the
peer review journals have been taken
over by journalists used to be peer
reviewed science journalists were run by
scientists who had a flair for
publishing and for the language and you
know could read and write but these
these people in charge of the science
journals now are leftist journalists to
a large extent and they just have a
barrier against anything that questions
the litany or the the truth squad and as
they call themselves but they're not the
truth squad they're they don't let the
truth out squad this has been I'm on the
west coast of British Columbia here this
has been one of the biggest wild berry
years I have seen it is actually the
biggest one I've ever seen black
blackberries which are gone wild here
they're not native to here huckleberry
salmon berries salal berries those are
all native here I've never seen anything
like it and it isn't just the warmth as
a matter of fact I think the warming is
a minor component of the record crop
productions that are going on in greens
and all kinds of other commodities
around the world
it's the increase in carbon dioxide
which is fertilizing all of the green
plants around the world and making them
grow faster and yield more that's the
biggest part of it and it's been more or
less proven with satellites from about
six different research groups around the
world in Europe in Australia in the
United States and a bad fact is a bit of
a disconnect in NASA and NOAA because
there are people in both those
organizations who are looking at the
fertilization effect of co2 on the
greening of the earth as it's called the
earth know it already
a quick question I'm a simpleton would
that be directly just because of co2 s
chemical structure are you talking about
it leading to more precipitation which
would help obviously with the soil no
I'm talking about it as a food for
plants co2 is the primary food for
plants right water is it
is also like carbon dioxide and water
put together Nick sugar glucose that's
the basis of the energy for all life on
earth because we have to we eat the
plants or we eat animals that have eaten
the plants it all comes up from
photosynthesis and the combination of
carbon dioxide and water to make sugar
and this is where the demonization of
carbon dioxide is so outrageously
off-base because carbon dioxide is the
basis of all organic life on earth that
is where the carbon comes from in
carbon-based life and we are
carbon-based life and so is all the rest
of the life on Earth and if there wasn't
any co2 in the global atmosphere there
would be no life not only not only if
there wasn't any if there wasn't a
certain amount because just like
anything there can be too little of that
that's my pivotal question here because
I can hear skeptics right now saying
well holla second we're not saying all
carbon dioxide is bad we're saying that
we are out of balance now that the ratio
is too high of carbon dioxide so what is
the amount that would be optimal I guess
and and how close or how far away are we
from because I know that that's where a
lot of the nuance debate occurs and they
just claim that obviously non scientist
as myself are not entitled to an opinion
so I'll listen to yours well one of the
most concrete ways in which you can see
what the optimum level for plant growth
is is both experimentation in labs and
greenhouse growers all greenhouse
growers around the world increased the
co2 level in their greenhouse to
increase the productivity up to 40 to 60
percent of the crops in there and to
make them grow faster to come to
fruition sooner shorter time of growth
and other words and that that's around
800 to 2000 parts per million now
greenhouse growers don't put 2,000 ppm
in because there's a law of diminishing
returns at first you get really great
increases from 400 to 800 and even from
800 to a thousand or 1200 after that the
curve starts to go off but it still goes
up okay so in nature where they're not
worried about profits and diminishing
returns in nature the optimum level is
somewhere between 1,000 and 3,000 parts
per million whereas now it's
400 and before we came along it was 280
and at the height of the last glaciation
because the Seas when they cool absorb
co2 from the atmosphere it was at 180
parts per million which is only 30 parts
per million above where plants begin to
die at 150 ppm and during the last
glaciation the high elevation plants did
die that is pretty well demonstrated and
the reason they died is because the
higher you go the thinner the air
becomes and so a hundred and fifty parts
per million is occupying a much larger
volume elevation and therefore the
plants get get enough co2 to survive so
we were talked about not being in
balance
co2 has been declining for 150 million
years on a relatively steady basis right
you can the Japs are all available for
anybody to see and it's very well proven
through ice cores and oxygen-18 proxies
in ocean sediments and etc etc
Stonehenge has been declining steadily
actually for the last 500 million years
but let's just take the last 150 million
where it has been steadily declining
without any upward blips there was a
huge flux of co2 into the atmosphere in
the early Earth then when species
learned to do photosynthesis and use
that carbon dioxide to make sugars they
started taking it out of the atmosphere
but it wasn't until about 40 or 50
million years ago that it started to go
into a danger zone and it just keeps
going down and down and down until we
came along whereas the marine calcifying
organisms inadvertently by building an
armor plating for themselves a very
useful thing to do for their survival
presage the end of life on earth through
the loss of carbon dioxide in the
atmosphere over time Al Gore has another
Learjet to get to I do I understand
exactly where you're what you're going
with this but here's kind of that the
issue that we run into right is what
you're saying obviously what will have
overlays for people people can look up
for themselves and obviously decide
whether they believe it to be legitimate
or not there's something that is
legitimate there's truth and then you
can choose to believe truth
unfortunately but but the issue is that
everything you're saying doesn't break
through and so
even YouTube like we just talked about
themselves will dismiss you simply as a
quack as a denier without listening to
what you have to say so I want to go
back to something you just mentioned
which to me is obviously at most
importance because it ties into a lot of
the cultural issues that we've discussed
cultural Marxism the censorship of
speech we see it in comedy now but it
really concerns me when you start to see
it in science you mentioned that a lot
of these peer-reviewed journals were
once peer reviewed by scientists and now
often by activists journalists activists
scientists or active scientists yes
journalists control the journals
yes large these days the activists
control the science of a call right when
they say climate science right or
climate scientists they mean themselves
yes they don't mean and everybody who's
studying the climate because people who
are studying the climate who don't agree
with them are considered deniers not
climate scientists exactly I'm talking
about the peer-reviewed journals like we
were discussing and you said there's
been a shift that when did that shift
occur because it for a long time again
Americans had to rely on certain systems
and power that they believed to be
truthful when would you say that shift
occurred and do you have any I guess
particularly breeds of examples that we
could mitigating thirty years ago twenty
years ago it was over by you know 20
years ago pretty well and and that's
what we've been being fed since is
basically a very filtered set of ideas
the idea that co2 is the main driver of
climate change and global warming is
this the center piece right and and it
is that is false there is no possibility
that any substance in that small
quantity point zero four percent of the
atmosphere could be the controlling
factor of the whole global climate the
Sun is the controlling factor of the
whole global climate but it is moderated
by many other and classic questions you
said as you said point four percent how
much of that is zero or per 20 or more
percent how much of that is human is men
made well that's a question of whether
you're looking at it as how much of the
co2 in the atmosphere today was caused
by humans versus
the co2 in the flux is caused by humans
right it sorts like in economics you
have a cash flow statement and you have
a balance sheet on the balance sheet
right now co2 has gone from 280 parts
per million to 400 parts per million
about a 40% increase since humans
started and missing significant amounts
of co2 mostly since 1950 has been an
exponential curve of emissions but there
hasn't really been an exponential curve
of co2 levels in the atmosphere that's a
fairly straight line and that indicates
that much of the co2 we are emitting is
being absorbed by the vegetation because
that's that's what eats co2 that's what
I wanted to get to because that to me is
I think this is kind of a bait and
