I had the police come to my house a full
cook in the morning and they said here
is a government it's called an Osman
morning an Osman morning is when there
is serious intelligence that people are
about to kill him then it goes on to
read what you're not allowed to do
you're not allowed to get a weapon what
am I supposed to do put a little chain
on my door all right guests long form I
want to have this guy we've been having
them on we've been having him on for a
while now it's been a while and now he's
just he's just blowing up poor choice of
words given the fact that many people
want to kill him and that's their
preferred method of taking somebody out
you can follow Tommy Robinson dot online
his twitter is there's a story behind us
I'm sure at Robinson parity so I'm sure
there's some kind of perma ban that
happened there he's everywhere mr. Tommy
Robinson thank you for being here sir
how are you I'm good absolutely I'm good
now what's the what's the story behind
Robinson parity do you look did you lose
your Twitter account yeah that's not me
well I don't know why I had it removed
first of all they give me a week-long
ban because I said that 90% of grooming
convictions when Muslim men grooming is
the gang gang raping of young children
in the UK now that's actually a fact 90%
are Muslim men 20% are called Mohammed
yeah they banned me for a week for that
and then they removed me for saying
Islam promotes killing people well it
would seem as though the statement
unfortunately aligns with statistical
realities and that is the problem with
the that's a trip with their algorithms
if you'd have just said you know for
example Tommy Robinson is a Nazi I think
you'd be well within your rights well
you've been here so first up before we
get into some some of the very specific
stories recently you you have gone
completely independent tell people what
that means and where people can best
find you and support you for a year
where I learned to see that the future
the future is bringing people or
bringing people I want people to see
what I see I want them to experience and
see the places and the problems that I
see the people
I talk to I wish on a four-bit 10 years
ago I wish I'd have been like everyone
else but I left rebel media I went on my
own so that I'm my own boss I'm in
control of the stories I run people can
follow me on Tommy Robinson's not unlike
I have plans to build a studio like the
self
I have plans as well to build to get a
double-decker bus a double-decker bus I
want to turn one side of into a TV
screen and I want to travel the UK
showing people what's happening in those
towns and seas so I'm making mini
documentaries about areas go into those
areas hopefully get out from alive but
show people truthfully this is what's
happening on the ground yeah well it
sounds like it's a super secret that we
have been building up here for for
stateside from we do the live shows at
schools because there's so much
equipment that we have to bring and
these live shows that we have to put on
a good idea if you can get that done a
double-decker bus did billboard for
death its Robinson well hold on before
before I continue I want to show this
one clip this is a recent video for
those of you who missed this a little
run in that he had with a Muslim man who
was threatening his life and we'll see
how it turns out
[Music]
now tell me when I watch that clip I saw
it
what struck me most is there as an
officer there right that looked like
there was a police officer he didn't
even have a problem with it because the
guy was running out threatening you like
this even in the UK it seems as though
you're well within your rights to do
that specifically he was going to kill
me I had been warned about going to that
area you know I went to Italy for the
elections and I spent an hour
researching what's happening in this one
scene and what I found was just I found
a Somalian man who went into a hospital
and whilst an Italian woman was in a
Hokkien bed having labour giving labour
up her baby he climbed on and raped her
I then found that an Eritrean man had
chopped up an Italian girl just two
weeks before murder doe raped and I
chopped her body up and left in a
suitcase
I found that 75 year old woman had been
raped just a mile from where I was
standing
Boyet by a Sudanese man I found
unbelievable stories horror stories the
only source story she'd would have
previously read about in Africa or in
South Africa or in the Middle East right
here in Europe I found one case one case
where a man a Polish man was with his
partner and a group a gang of Muslim
migrants see him up and then he mate
they made him watch as they gang-raped
his wife on a beach for hours they made
him watch and these were stories that
again it's just this is Europe now these
are stories that are commonplace in
every country in Europe I'm asking you
because some people say well why are you
focusing if you just go out looking for
a stories of Muslims who happen to
commit crimes
you'll find them statistically that's
not the norm and it just had their
election and the lega have gone from 4
percent to 80
percent the left had been completely
booted out of politics this was a
political revolution in Italy so I asked
why why is the country swell ladies
let's see what problems there are that
have resulted in the next coalition
government the leader of La Liga says
that Islam is incompatible with their
country and they will probably deport
six hundred thousands so I wanted to
know why they won the election let's
look at the problems let's look at
what's resulted in this and that's where
I started to find unbelievable horror
stories that were unthinkable crimes
that you haven't heard of on the shores
of Italy this commonplace yeah and then
we found a journalist a female
journalist who live on screen was
violently and sexually attacked and
dragged down the street noise what
report the news life by Muslim migrants
these are all migrants and and that's
the story that shocked me was oh for
those instances I just told you yes oh
for the pen convicted had been refused
and should have been deported from Italy
but they weren't so all of this was
failed to Simon's cases but they were
allowed to stay so all of these victims
could have been saved if the laws would
have been enforced and the guidelines
would have been followed but because
they weren't and that is why the Italian
people licked it a government a new
government that will remove the people
in power who have left their women at
Prague
it really is unbelievable that you
haven't heard of these stories the
people stateside certainly every but you
would think in Europe at least you think
it may I don't know at least the chyron
on BBC not at all not at all and you're
painted as a racist as a Nazi one thing
I think a lot of people don't realize I
mean you were raised in am i pronouncing
it correctly Luton yes just like when I
watch double-oh-seven
they say double-oh-seven why don't they
say why don't they say why doesn't why
doesn't Judi Dench say then I'm confused
they invented a language
so you're raised there and pretty
diverse area so a lot of your friends
growing up didn't look like you your
problem years with an ideology in the
systemic political corruption that
allows it to victimize people I've been
watching you for a while I think this is
your fifth time on the show when Pete
would come on small Han Tommy Robinson
he's erased do you know anything about
do you know where he was raised do you
know who his friends are
he just hates Islamic rape how is that
controversial Lukens one of the most
multicultural diverse towns in Europe
yeah if you if you've got all of my
friends together all of us are the sons
of immigrants
my mother was an Irish immigrant but
then other image would be solution
Jamaican all over the Caribbean Italian
Bulgarian Polish we are a town full of
immigrants but there's one problem in
our town it doesn't come to relax or
country of heritage the problem is split
ideologically through religion we've
never seen motional tensions we only see
religious tensions so yeah so when I
talk about these issues people say about
racism I've simply been used and I'm
glad that after 10 years now or 15 years
of combat in it people don't usually
associate that anymore people now
finally say he's against Islam right so
they pivoted to Islamophobia right but
they've tried to make that seem as
though it's a form of racism right now
especially state tuneups Islamophobia
race in wroclaw ii Islam is not a race
we have Johnny jihad over here from
state in the United States we have women
in the United States who its head jabs
blonde hair and blue eyes that people
convert to it it's the most converted to
a religion in the American prison system
why cuz it's going hey you hate and you
want to commit evil here here's a book
justifying your acts of violence that's
another big lie people don't talk about
that it's the fastest-growing religion
it grows it's exclusively by birthrate
and through the prison system that's it
nowhere else and for some reason people
on the news even there's a talk one of
the fastest growing religions in the
world but you also can't leave it that's
a good point so I like the Episcopalians
you're like all right well we'll still
see you at the potluck yeah I'll see you
at the potluck I'm just an atheist now
okay yeah you're gone if you don't
convert in prison you least you get a
nice pair of teeth on the state it's
true
exactly well I mean you did prison time
a long time so I mean this is one thing
I do want to and give you credit for to
an unbelievable degree a lot of people
out there hold themselves out as ballsy
people and I'm doing the stuff that
people out there won't do Tyler Robinson
was beaten within an inch of his life in
a
in the UK we've talked about that go
back to that interview he's out now and
he's been confronting people on the
street you did a video which I thought
was incredible
really merci yes real-life poker okay
Jame Robinson is death wish you found
this kid who had sent you death threats
and and confirm each oh the video here
and you confronted this person I just I
just foreshadow I said kid but I don't
think we didn't know as a kid when you
found him let's roll this clip and we'll
come right back
can I ask you what what is I've said or
done yeah they even if you didn't want
me murdered what what is about me or
what I've said that you so feel so
strongly against just just don't agree
with what you do can you give me one
example of what I've said or done that
incites hate well just just being a part
of the I do is a street protesting
against the whole of of Islam what
education you have on Islam now it
struck me Tommy first after do you know
this was a kid wait how did you find him
no so basically anybody talks about my
children that changes it yeah so I saw
these videos that he put online saying
I'm going to kill your family I'm going
to slit your mother's throat I'm going
to kill you okay I'm gonna rape your
door and then all of these things I said
said those yeah yeah made all of the
references he made we're about taking
the property so all of it was
religiously in point right what he was
safely which for me is a worry
especially with my three young children
so I then called the police my video the
meet with the police I said are you
gonna take this seriously they have
showed me they were they told me how
many different units and organizations
would what all over this so I said okay
fine I then went home but I was
uncomfortable sitting at home because I
knew what he said and I'd spent I put a
thousand pound reward up on Twitter to
say anyone who gives me your identity of
who this man is
I paid him a thousand pound I had seven
children who went to school with him did
you you about seven thousand pounds
Oh guys addressing when I met the police
I said here's his name here's his
address I've done your work well they
might not be so primed to help you I've
done your work I've done your job love
to do but it's true but it was it was
incredible I'm amazed knowing that that
context how civil you were with the kid
it really didn't seem like you were
trying to teach him a lesson at that
point
and not just be an aggressor I don't
think this kid knew what he was doing he
had no idea as to what it is that you
talked about that was so striking to me
we had the same thing at SMU kids
holding up protests protest signs that
weren't theirs and they couldn't tell
you a single thing I'd said do you find
that a constant when you confront people
who have this idea constantly with this
kid
I realized within seconds that he was
mentally ill within seconds of looking
at so I this could have turned out so
different i sat outside his house for
six hours watching his front door when
he's door open at 6:00 look in the
morning for him to go to prayer that's
when I caught him but then I was shocked
that 24 hours after I've sat down and
talked to the police who he is and he
pursed statement house ain't gonna go
kill an English lady he could have
killed an English lady he could have
killed my kids and they they got nothing
and then when I then it was very
apparent that he was a victim as well
was open about what he said he was a
mentally kid who has been used
and abused that's what he was he had the
minute I say he had them in late my
daughter's 10 I get more sense at my
door
when he asked me for an arm wrestle mid
argument an arm wrestle so it's very
clear that he did he had serious
learning difficulty seriously yeah but
he had a mental age for me whatever and
I asked him that the first one I said if
you got learning the police and he said
yes and it was clear that he did yeah
that's why I rang in an ambulance but
and if you look we've had free terrorist
attacks in the UK they've all been from
people with mental rickman mental mental
mental ages of young children yeah a
used of you sent out a bomb well I think
that's also important no because in the
United States we're talk about the
Second Amendment they just go mental
health mental health I'm Gohar psyche
and there are a lot of people with
mental health issues who aren't
aggressive but if you combine that with
an idiot
that actually encourages aggression just
like what's the prison system that
justifies actions just because someone
is depressed doesn't mean they lose
their right or weed right or weed well
good example I would imagine probably
with the prison stint that you had there
are probably some times where you felt
pretty down pretty depressed you could
have been diagnosed that way but if we
were what was that no no no I know but
you know maybe yourself but um the point
is that but you know you had a hard go
but in the United States you don't
forego your rights because of that in
the UK with no second Amendment right
how do you protect how do you do this in
in feel secure how do you protect
yourself at least in the United States
someone like yourself would have that as
a feel so if you keep your head in a
swivel but they can protect their own
and so can their family
you can't they're genuinely what is that
like I had the police come to my house
in the morning they woke me up and they
said here is a government it's called an
Osmond morning the Osmond morning is
when there is serious intelligence that
people are about to kill you they gave
me an Auslan morning and they said
al-shabaab
a terrorist group from Somalia Somalia
who two weeks prior had massacred
hundreds of people in the Kenyan
shopping on our Shabaab have main dudes
be caught killed all costs what you're
not then it goes on to read what you're
not allowed to do you're not allowed to
get a weapon
you're not allowed so basically what
I've said to them is what am I supposed
to do put a little chain on my door yeah
just told me and the police have given
me six of these six of these series
friends I had six Muslims who were
arrested in a car they had guns bombs
and IEDs suicide notes on the way to
kill me and I'm not allowed to if you
watch my videos for the past ten years I
walk with my hand on my back so when I'm
in a situation I did it in Rome and I
did it most recently against an Tifa
because I'm fed up of having my face
beam so but but I constantly have to be
not just not mom I not only have to have
a weapon to protect myself but I'm also
fully aware if I try to protect myself
I may end up in prison right for
fighting against for being a racial
attack right constantly not just
cautious of all of that I'm cautious of
all of it
I know only the Mayor of London just
cause for knife control just called for
knife control in London I don't eerily
guys already do have knife control I
mean what is it I have this right now
someone just just gave this to me as a
gift which would be totally illegal it's
just a stab myself that night yeah I
know it's strong spring yeah you know
now they're saying knife control I'm
going home on a second one when people
say it's just an assault weapons ban I
think we'll actually just it's just a
semi-automatic ban and they go well
actually it's a mental health issue well
actually it's a universal well actually
it's a gun registry then it will stop
well okay with your straw man woody you
think there's gonna be knife control it
sounds so absurd because what can you do
people have kitchen knives unless all
cutlery is plastic knives and forks
there is no way to implement knife
control on a general populace all of
light all airplane cabin right exactly
exactly all the life is near flame cam
yet that's what they've been calling for
in London I why why and how have they
not been learning from the mistakes
Tommy I watch it from here I first off
I'm very concerned that it comes here
the United States that's my concern
and I also cannot I genuinely I try to
understand people who disagree with me
so at least I can understand their
arguments I'm at a loss man maybe it can
help me well I've got three children
just bed every night and I'm aware that
people at some point are going to come
to kill me and I'm aware that I have no
way of defending my son and that is a a
gut-wrenching terrifying and also a sad
feeling there's nothing like it and
that's just so forget about going out on
the house I can't even defend them in my
house - and we have no way of having
weapons we're not allowed them you know
the noise you just pulled out yeah I go
to jail yeah I know something in Canada
by the way this isn't any more dangerous
