[Music]
there put some mug in the basket I it
puts the mug in the basket it does
whatever its toll Oh place of a mug in
the basket I I just can't really push
the ball to the basket or gets the hose
again
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
yes that is the sound of the weekend
because it is the Thursday livestream on
the YouTube so glad to be with you we
were in Virginia Tech rattling so there
was no show I haven't introduced you yet
great guests roaming millennial we have
the hodgetwins who are always
entertaining and hey we're still alive
budgets budgets save lives producer with
me in video studio as always as Jared
who is now a filing on Twitter and not
gay Jared me at as credit with your
comments your thoughts your photo shops
your t-shirts if you came out to a
recent show pictures I fulfill my legal
obligations draw your own conclusions
are we good we are good mostly at G
Morgan Jr is here sommelier and chief
simplified wine.com what's one of the
day you didn't take me to Virginia Tech
we didn't take you to bring your tech
and with good reason for example Paul
Paul Meyer Meyer our show helping with
research and overlays at Sen computer
doing well hello yeah by the way that's
fine computer soiled himself at Virginia
Tech no no joke there's hundreds out I
better look at my shoes look they're
vets now I think I consult bill Richmond
yep yeah sorry he doesn't work with
crowds
all right you must go so uh question of
the day we were going everyone's time
off I see and we're talking about the
budget that was okay we'll talk about
that but Lori mainly want to talk about
Prime Minister Trudeau and obviously he
did the people kind comment recently so
we went back to the archives and just
looked at the worst most cringe-worthy
but we have a top five on Trudeau but I
asked you this hint it was hard to
choose yes it was very very difficult to
call it down there's no winner really
there's no top five it's a low light
less of a highlight which this is a
question remove your political goggles
for a second who do you genuinely think
is more mockable
I think if you're even if you're North
Korean and they asked like Kim jong-un
yeah I could see how you think he's a
character
you know like Trudeau or president
Donald Trump obviously President Donald
Trump has some gaps but Trudeau just
uses social justice warrior lexicons
like ones
we don't even a lexicon I don't even
think the social justice where your
lexicon publishers knew existed
ironically if you're just gonna take
someone and run a highlight and say I'm
not going to write anything to make fun
just listen to him who do you think is
more embarrassing who do you think runs
the country yes
oh yeah that's actually good point
there's no doubt as to President Trump
that he runs the country they allowed
you to be a father much less all right
went to get to news today Nancy Pelosi
of course you know this we had to talk
about an eight-hour marathon speech that
she had set the record for longest
continuous speech at least since 1909
boy of course many suspected it was just
a complex marketing scheme by Snickers
as evidence when Pelosi concluded her
speech with a chocolate bar and turned
into being a not not I'm still guys
fiber netic founder yeah sent from the
future to destroy us all I'm gonna see
that on network TV we just figure we
start out right out of the gate let you
know we're about San Diego let's show
boom san diego's adopted now new
safeguards against skew homeless people
the city garbage truck San Diego
officials have completed investigation
following some near deaths with homeless
people last year and have issued new
rules to make sure that doesn't happen
again a lot but San Diego a lot of
people think San Francisco San Diego
obviously a lot of homeless people yeah
really big cities in California so they
did this investigation they've released
a memo and some of the changes actually
makes sense you know for example garbage
trucks in San Diego used to come on
Mondays and Thursdays and now they'll be
coming never they just to avoid all the
people in the gut that's the only
solution silly leftists you could have
just recycle worthless
yeah that's what we need to do thought
it was corn the renewable resource to
take us into the future is hobo Merrill
I'm pretty sure Johnny Depp is just a
recycled hobo yes back from the grave
yeah he's a hobo who lives he's
energized through the power of beating
women you could also not hit I mean this
is pretty
well rent control that's it's hard to
get rid of that man at your is contract
man well you know he does sorry in
Ithaca high school just canceled their
Hunchback of Notre Dame musical after a
white student landed the lead role
because at best this is cultural
appropriation the student group wrote
alleging racial bias from the Performing
Arts program at IHS and quote at worst
it is whitewashing a racist casting
practice which has its roots in
minstrelsy yeah this is well actually
this is where we are now the outrage is
the lead in Hunchback of Notre Dame yeah
so it really shouldn't come as any
surprise we spurred this curious protest
seemingly at first if it goes own MC
hunch back in his noted sidekick DJ
little moto this one was just kind of
scraping people not offended all of the
blacks and Ithaca who aren't hunchbacks
it's a new frontier by the way we still
have in 1740s France black royalty and
powdered wigs and white face and Beauty
and the Beast we're gonna make that's
okay punch pack of Notre Dame
there's no one fighting for that I don't
know who's fighting for that it that's
that's the least role you would ever
want yeah aren't you that exactly
besides is probably you're like a funky
looking dude purpose a TV in there
anyways
Notre Dame in the show band I'm like oh
there's one that went right over Gerald
spend computer maybe you can fact check
some sense of humor firm bring that up
for the dome Tammy's upcoming Hunchback
it's time to hashtag hunch forward
that's all we're saying
lunch board okay here's a story that's
kind of sad but not I mean it's it is
sad but not to us
fentanyl was actually recently found in
Anna Locke's own kit given out at a
pharmacy oops
so fentanyl which the well noted opioid
painkiller was accidentally placed into
a naloxone kit which is for those who
don't know it's kind of like methadone
is to heroin it's a kit designed to wean
people off of painkiller addiction
of course the pharmacist in question was
fired was the supervisor citing the
reason being that he like did the
only thing you're not supposed to do
with any opioid addiction kit it's the
first rule of painkiller don't give them
the customer in question was thinking
this is the easiest withdrawal ever
sobriety is its own reward is strikingly
similar start with the oh he's calling
all his family mom I feel good I feel
better than I've ever felt clean I'm
just you know what I'm really doing it
when they find out actually you just had
a higher dose of I've never had before
but I'm okay with it
was that part of you bit about a you
know a runner sighs just as good as
heroin I think guys like ever tried
heroin speaking of missing the mark
senator angus King of Maine has finally
accomplished what he set out to do in
getting an official lobster moji for
months the senator he lobbied for this
Lobster emoji highlighting its cultural
and economic significance to the state
let's bring us up CNN I think we just
run it for like two seconds there you go
on Wednesday the Unicode consortium is a
thing announced the emoji would be added
to its library a move that Senator King
has hailed as quote great news and we
want to risk shutting down this
government are you out of your tree sir
most happy about this new emoji all the
witty millennial sea-captains
yeah it's gonna come I guess more ammo I
don't need that next to your cat gifts
that guy's gonna be an editor BuzzFeed
watch very quickly
always so soon by the way I think
between the pitch meeting in this this
moment right now we missed there's new
black redheaded emojis oh that's right
yes those happen in nature well they do
they're called albinos and they
typically are they're typically
particularly soul sucking vampires
that's the truth yeah I get
uncomfortable twins who will be on later
in the show because they're black and
they have like light green eyes yeah I'm
like you got your you're a shoo-in for a
reboot of Buffy
no dad straight out of Blade yeah I
don't even have never watched played
because I watch better butter shows I
admitted it was worse is that a film
yeah played your but you're an adult
correct well at the time I was not sure
I was that kind of slow hey man you
gonna come with us you laid three pretty
no not at all that won't be there so
that we were we were facing you were
looking off the the cliff of a potential
government shutdown today so thinking we
all we just it is it is a dance with
death it is a cruel reality of nature
like every time we talk about this we'll
talk about it with Roman millennial it's
just whoever is the opposition party
just uses it as political football so
sure and by the way not a great deal
when you look at the increase not really
we're not really talking there are no
fiscal conservatives representing anyone
right now yeah well they'd see Pelosi
stay home have shut the government down
yes yes let's do it
right well people now people were
terrified terrified of what would happen
without the government and if you listen
to the news if it we know about what
would happen because we we've lived
through it
[Music]
breaking rules with a threat of a
government shutdown looming over the
United States of America money systems
find themselves uncertain as to the
outcome and unpredictable nature of
their immediate future and what
[Music]
you don't know who yours sometimes does
you love the most we fought for the
wrong side there are real big bucks hey
speaking of victims
so as fen computer you know I got flack
for talking on Joe Rogan about the the
normally high taxes in Germany for for
young men and and you were getting flack
for it so this is this is your segment
yes beep beep so Germany I love how he's
not nervous until he's in the hot seat
as like yeah yes we don't do well under
pressure
unless exerting it would you carry out
the service I'm a computer yeah I don't
know you're an insubordinate
once you've carried out the Holocaust
nothing fazes you he can joke about it
he has the Holocaust past okay go go
ahead stand by Peter correct because he
won't given you flak obviously and you
know you know this better than anyone
Germany has the second highest tax rate
in the world yes and the average tax
burden for a single person is forty nine
point four percent now 15 only fifteen
point nine percent beep beep of that is
your actual income tax right so
obviously a lot of other taxes like your
VA t v-- beep your your mandatory health
care okay
so there goes top tax bracket I think
it's forty two percent target is forty
two percent which starts at $65,000
already BP which you know it's not crazy
money exactly beep yeah and no added to
that of course is again your all your
medical stuff your health care your
Social Security or VA t so it comes out
as something pretty pretty crazy yeah
it's it's insane it's basically you are
paying an insane amount of taxes if you
are just a young male who is employed at
a normal level yeah but - don't go there
because you might pay high taxes or get
gassed god well using that pass won't we
need this button anymore well this will
be changed out for a an ice speed dial
they are the only one in our top five
right speaking of top five top five we
have today we want to talk about because
I keep wondering it's a Pierre Justin
Trudeau will have Canadian on roaming
one day after this did
the whole people kind but we'll get to
that but we have our five top Trudeau
cringe moments I want to ask you this as
someone who was Canadian I voted for
Stephen Harper how how do you guys see
Trudeau did you think about Canadian
politics at all before Trudeau because
it's kind of a celebrity I didn't know I
don't think I even knew who the Prime
Minister of Canada was before as she was
a paint maybe I wasn't paying attention
but I feel like he has been shoved in
the limelight because of the suave
little were you familiar with Stephen
Harper or not so much not at all okay he
was like our Ronald Reagan and that's I
was talking about Joe Rogan about it
going like listen like it's okay to mock
him but the fact is all these comedians
mocked Stephen Harper because he was the
Christian conservative right we didn't
have the housing crisis like he did a
really we were higher on the economic
freedom index for the first time in the
United States when he had Harper and
President Obama oh my god could you
imagine if we had eight years of overlap
between Trudeau and Obama oh that's the
stuff that gives kids nightmares I don't
think most Americans spend any time
thinking about Canadian politics though
so no a shoe earned himself in he seems
to be somewhat fashionable and he says
stupid stuff that the left loves nobody
they don't really but they don't know
they're stupid that's the thing is it is
like the sky like Kim jong-un but a
totally different lack of self-awareness
er yeah okay so let's go through the
worst possible moments I don't even
think Gerald has seen you so number five
we all agreed is his Bollywood dance
Fiasco let's roll that buy that outfit
and decided he was gonna do the girl
version of the band because that's a man
you want to trust national security
there's like in a back room at a why I'm
in the back room at a Hilton Garden Inn
haha
they only got half the room to the only
thing more cringy itself is the
Canadians just fawning over it
they're just love them I remember seeing
JB Rochelle in the interview recently
he's like well you know we uh we like
our Prime Minister obviously was Trump
and now you know we tease him a bit you
know he's very good-looking
insufferable just absence mind-numbing
walking vagina that's one you make fun
of him okay metaphor is uh who can
forget this one he was asked why he had
so many women in his cabinet what
obvious answer is obvious I understand
one of the priorities for you was to
have a cabinet that was gender balanced
why was that so important to you
because it's 2015 I look it's met with
cheers just as surely if he'd have said
because they're the most qualified
people for the job and that's the only
reason he would have been met with Oh
exactly spot two looks like ah yeah
prepare for this that's how easily there
a law days it what day is it the left is
that all the time we've talked about it
they just say it's time for this yeah
it's time for same-sex marriage okay
it's time for an all-woman cabinet I
guess it's time for a black president
I never realized time for a woman
president old on I was telling it before
it's time
there's Bruce Buffer wire chop tied four
drafts I've equal equality marriage in
and just just filling the gap with
arcade machine it's time psyphon to
promote a paedophile three times in a
row it's time it's time for generic old
white guys to beat the till over the
ship every now and then hardest people I
don't but I said it's time that's true
doesn't that work okay so number three
is the recent one let's analyze this
this is one of course the infamous from
this week people kind joke and I'm aware
as to what people say about this clip
let's roll at first maternal love is the
love that's going to change the future
of mankind
so we'd like you to look we would like
to say people kind not necessarily
mankind
okay yes thank you we can all learn from
each other now he said that's a joke
mm-hmm she's clearly not aware it's a
joke the audience not aware it's a joke
and it seems not like the kind of a joke
that a progressive would make now this
is where the took the preponderance
evidence the totality of all the clips
we show you would lead one to believe
it's not a joke because he could watch
it and say I think maybe what no I don't
think it was a joke and something else
this is actually what what happened with
Andrew Breitbart this is a story Shirley
Sherrod everyone came down on him
because Shirley Sherrod was fired she
worked in the agricultural department
again people know the exact title she
was giving a speech to the n-double-a-cp
and she talked about a white farmer
coming to her and she said I didn't I
did not offer him the full extent of my
help because of his race and the
n-double-a-cp claps now when Andrew
Breitbart posted this article he posted
it and he said just so you know at
minute 20 her humanity eventually gets
the better of her and she does go on to
say that she then realized it wasn't
about race and she helped white and
black farmers alike so this was posted
the original time Andrew Breitbart
posted the video he said but the
reaction from the n-double-a-cp at that
snapshot in time was to clap and sheer
simply at her saying I didn't help the
white person right so he was and then of
course an editor at Bill O'Reilly took
it out of context thought we can make
this lie sexier than the truth and
Shirley Sherrod got fired and they said
Andrew Breitbart into that context when
he never did his point was the
n-double-a-cp reaction the reaction
there from the audience tells no one
there thought it was a joke no yeah you
said you also said inclusive yeah you
progressives and joke about inclusivity
like now after following this is after
the women in cabinet
yeah I've team now sudden it's it's a
topic right for satire the exercise a
problem with the English language man is
inclusive yeah man does not necessarily
mean just you you can use it to mean
everyone come on yeah I know but that's
the thing is because they're trying to
score points with a fence I know yeah
exhausting what you looking at jump in
there same computer yeah well be
whenever I see Trudeau I just I just
want to actually embraces his lifestyle
babe if you just stance and then off the
mirror every morning just goes how
they're such a giant
you never know what you're gonna get
from that German you're a terrible
computer but I think you okay here's
