is underway with any longer oh no it
appears to be mr. Yu to himself shake we
are the Young Turks well known to work
[Music]
hey hey youtube you never got me down
you never got me down YouTube you never
got me down never got me down there
never get me down
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
yeah it's the sound of the weekend
because it's a Thursday live stream Oh
what's a we live stream I haven't every
we yet we have great guests we have
razor fists that's mr. razor fist with a
zero because he's cool but Clint Howard
on the show so he's insane and Owen
Benjamin with a song and of course
producer with me and video studio as
always is my faithful producer because
he's producing Jared who is not gay
follow him on Twitter not gay Jeremy
describe with your thoughts your
comments your photoshop's I fulfilled my
legal obligations as far as I know drawn
conclusions are we good we could
appreciate that Gerald Morgan simplified
wine.com
apparently can order one have a ship to
your door but why would you want to
unless your raging alcoholic add you
Morgan Jr what's the one of the day
we've got a bear Taj Zinfandel you start
more of a beer guy what did you like the
Bears Folsom Street Fair of course doing
overlays is that's FEM computer how are
you sir hello beep beep you can follow
me on Twitter at Elon Musk thanks for
foreshadowing soon we're going to be
talking about Elon Musk today I never
want to talk about everyone wants to
talk about the shooting the tragedy and
this is always sad when it happens it
happens on the show and then we hate
Nike and I'm over here you see what he's
doing he's looking at you you look at
everyone but me a beautiful show
sometimes cuz he gets emotionally
uncomfortable you know you wish what we
talked about by Elon Musk sucks let me
say that because I'm tired of always
having to deal with the political
mudslinging when it comes to public
shootings but that's your question of
the day comment below I genuinely want
to hear from you do you think that we
should do the class act just mourn those
who lost as we usually would have
throughout human history or are we
beyond the point of we no longer afford
that has the left forced us to fight
fire with fire
do we have to go tit for tat that's a
question I struggle with because a lot
of times we're looking old you're doing
the same thing well yeah I am but that's
because they're they're they're
politicizing the gun control issue
before the bodies are even close your
hand every time I don't know what do you
think I think you have to I hate having
to respond to these things like that but
you have to throw logic out there
because if people use emotion to make
laws we're gonna end up really screwed
in the end the United States America
okay Jared you know what set of ten
we've already done rebuttals with with
Vox because they had the biggest
anti-gun video
for a while with the young turks we've
done videos out there on the Second
Amendment whether it's meant just for
muskets they did the same thing with
freedom of speech we've done the gun
show loophole we've done so many videos
we've done so many shows where we've
dealt with the Australian gun buyback
the Canadian gun laws that I grew up
with so you know what I'm not gonna
revisit let's recap it and then we'll be
done with it because I know you're
dealing with this on every single other
show we can wonder why Elon Musk sucks
or something else because I'm tired of
the same conversation over and over set
your timer let's go assault weapons are
not an actual thing mass shootings are
on the decline the United States does
not actually have the most mass
shootings in the world all pistols are
some form of semi-automatic an ar-15 is
actually not a military weapon States
with the United States stricter gun
control laws and not statistically
reduced crime gun control matters at
large have actually proven to be not
effective in reducing violent crime the
United States by the way does not have
the highest violent crime rate in the
industrialized world most of the
statistical gun deaths that you actually
read about include suicides that's
something I didn't tell you gun by the
way gonna save millions more lives and
they ever take according to the FBI
anywhere from two hundred thousand to
three million plus by the way none of
this matters because the Second
Amendment ensures your right to
self-preservation period including
firearms period and yes that extends
beyond muskets to high-capacity guns
that were around back then like a Pelton
flintlock the public gun the Peckinpah
box revolver and by the way your toll
for exploiting this senseless tragedy to
try and forcibly strip us of our human
rights regardless okay
on what the show does that about cover
it I think that's a big pieces of human
shape if I could stand up and clap right
less than a minute that's pretty good
you can skip the entire CNN dialogue
we've covered all of that we've covered
every watch this AC worry your reference
mister internet skeptic do some research
guys then yourself I'm so tired of the
gun what bothers me is that is the
grandstanding the political
grandstanding the virtue signaling is
that they have the moral high ground
when their very position is evil and I
mean that is it no it's evil to disarm
law-abiding citizens what people call
something like what gives you the right
what who in the hell do you think you
are because someone did something bad
you think that you now have the right to
strip me of my god-given right to
self-defense
that's the problem with people countries
like Europe sorry spend computer that's
the problem with countries that don't
reckon
your rights coming from somewhere else
other than government sorry you get the
angry skeptic atheists mad and guess
what the Constitution recognizes it
rights were bestowed to us they were
bestowed upon us by God not by
government but these people don't
believe that they think they gave you
the rights that's why they think they
can take it away they think they can
tell you can't defend yourself because
something did something mean on a school
property
you know what it's terrible and it sucks
and I wish we could just say it's
terrible and it sucks I knows we could
just say God what an awful tragedy can't
we worn as a nation and the left talks
about coming together and finding common
ground how about you find common ground
shut your mouth and let the bodies be
buried before you push bulk legislation
that you know won't do anything and you
don't even abide by by yourself all
right in Olympic news
what's the outdoor sign pickets they're
out the Jamaican bobsled team coach has
just quit and she's taking the team sled
with her this comes to us from CBS
Sports the all-female bobsled team was
revealed in a series of first that's the
big thing got a series of firsts oh nice
first female Jamaican bobsled team like
come on but just days before their South
Korean debris that Sandra Curie Karis
Asus I have it right here
anyway former gold medalist for Germany
sure yeah but Germany has to import
their bombs that coaches Twitter post at
the helm of the team staff and she's now
threatening to keep the sled claiming
legal ownership so naturally this isn't
the news a team's very upset and
apparently they've been issuing veiled
threats to their former coach which is
already prompted Disney to purchase the
film rights why you running they
didn't know s.o.s locked it right off
that's the Canadian version and I think
she would already take in the sled but
she couldn't find a man to push it I
guess say you had an ax story they
wouldn't they asked the lady yes lady
yeah yeah she she had something to say
about her the sled and she responded my
not saying it I love is the actual
German yes yeah in her defense she only
knows two words mine and udin so she's
pretty here
the FBI language is now investigating a
funeral home for allegedly running a
side business selling body parts how to
make that money the federal inquiry
began several months ago shortly after
Reuters interviewed a half dozen workers
who formerly worked for Hess you notice
what he's actually not illegal I was
saying I guess there's nothing against
selling it for like medical expert oh
yeah I don't know something along you
can't sell your own organs but I guess
fire someone else officials they said
their suspicions were first raised at
court like without Capone as always
accounting discrepancies that's how they
caught it but it was later confirmed
when they saw the BOGO pancreas closeout
that was what tips it'll define oh
you're sorry to me it's never concerning
to me when a business minded person
fills a market it always concerns being
when I discover there's a mark or
something I never think there should be
I'm rocket for yes exactly that's what
concerns me
yeah these guys market for their lists
typically yes but other than that like
who's buying this I know someone who
won't be an org are you this is another
question of the day along with my first
one yeah are you an organ donor I know
some people say they don't wanna be an
organ donor because they think they'll
have the paddles like yeah that's true I
am a donor dang it to see if I was a
donor oh that's right you have the
wallet for a while I wasn't because he
can't be bothered carrying a wallet like
a man Iran has accused the west of using
lizards to spy on them this comes from
The Times of Israel the former chief of
staff of Iran's Armed Forces said
Tuesday that Western spies have used
lizards to attract atomic waves and spy
on his country's nuclear program the
lady doth protest too much nothing to
see here I think in Iran get any more
pair
my
put it pretty only agitator we'll deal
with it later can this officials have
now come out and said that guys it's
okay let's put up put on your game face
smile for the cameras Kansas officials
say this dog can't run for governor yeah
this is a real story the dog thought he
was a shoo-in because there
unfortunately for him his urine sample
did so Nick Nolte / Gary Busey of dogs
what if he just ends in a proper reveal
worried more trying again my yearbook
and I know it was weird looking back it
wasn't sweet Dyson I will say this my
wife will love this one because my wife
loves Dyson vacuums well someone's
saying are you saying yeah my wife does
actually I vacuum but my wife does most
of the vacuuming namely because I forced
her Dyson plans to bring a premium
electric car to market by 2020 this
comes from CNET the car is initially set
to feature solid-state batteries
technology in which I guess Dyson
they've been investing heavily now if
they can bring this technology to market
first it'll actually give em a huge leg
up on more established competitors I'm
sure you can guess thanks to the solid
state batteries higher energy density
and I guess that recharges more quickly
versus standard wet cells in other news
and what some people have seen as a
response
Elon Musk has announced his latest space
vacuum it's got a cup holder - a cup
holder only cost fourteen billion
dollars yeah I don't what well you were
saying something about the vacuum it
doesn't make any sense in space there's
an atmosphere right what do you tell me
there's no atmosphere in space they
still could have something to vacuum
well yeah but I mean that this no that
can't suck anything and doesn't know
nothing to work on right you mean no
force to work against yes
I mean there's still pressure but you
could create like a centrifuge
essentially feel like inside the back
vacuum right
I don't know this thing I don't know
well I mean let's say you go down to
different pressure in the ocean right
you still can keep a relatively
consistent pressure and we're talking
about space though yeah but they would
still I mean they could well they would
have to have some kind of a gasket I
mean they they vacuum don't they vacuum
stuff up in the in the spaceship in the
ship yes because they have some
atmosphere in the ship
yeah it's artificial
so you meant in this okay that makes
sense then okay in the spaceship beeping
outside do you think yeah it's just
vacuum when vacuuming
why wouldn't a q many thing outside a
spaceship well the photoshop look like
that just back hearing like the space
trash it's not factually accurate it was
a magazine spread from Tesla scaring
people off their money sorry we really
crossed wires there this is off to a
fantastic start you know it's funny
actually because you were the one who
really you can't stand Elon Musk and he
made news last week what was it because
of the launch of us is it the Space Act
I think they launched a new heavy
missile okay very sick so what what
happened with it was a it was a it
failed right because of the do you guys
know I don't know it was a Tesla RV it
wasn't a header it
what was it headed to the asteroid belt
and so it was supposed to know them the
middle Busan was supposed to land that
crashed and then it was supposed to go
to Mass beep-beep
supposed to go to where mas Mouse to
correct himself okay and instead oh
that's right and then yeah and then
instead what happened it when it's on
course to the asteroid belt right so
it's gonna crash that's I guess the
computer has no clue okay here you know
what I don't know how do you feel that
Leon musk I don't I think he's a dick I
I know everyone loves Elon Musk I think
I'm in the minority here it's like it's
like it's like people were saying the
Godfather is the best film ever right
I think Chinatown was the better movie
that year I think the guy father's fine
it's like Carol Burnett I don't find
Carol Burnett funny I'm in this small
minority I don't like Elon I don't find
the stuff he does that cool you know
this is we went to LA and the one guy
that might you bridge I was just like
just fawning over the new Tesla Model 3
it looks like a Ford Focus with the
facelift crap I get it but at some point
like I love guys that throw out crazy
audacious ideas right so that part of it
I like that's fine just other part I
don't government subsidy fund projects
that would never like to stand on if it
weren't for billions of dollars right
and that's the debate in that debate
right there right so engineers calling
him an idiot for tunneling and stuff
like that or whatever I which he might
be well he could very well be but hey go
go like test that's a good example it's
Elon it's the electric car okay
it's basically way to scam the
government out of money and let's
celebrities rich
people virtue signal with their electric
cars without government subsidies Tesla
would employ I think sales and Denmark
went down about spend commuter can bring
this up sixty percent once they started
phasing out the tax breaks there you go
from Bluebird so the government was a
Tesla and I talked about this what's the
the Prius back when I did a video at
PJTV in 2009 it was still losing Toyota
yeah money on everyone sold and it was
the most profitable hybrid vehicle at
that point yeah I think the Nissan Leaf
was a similar story was it yeah there's
only a subsidies I don't think it really
made the main well the story with the
Prius a lot of people not remember there
were a lot of other hybrid cars at that
point now yeah but the Prius is the only
one that was a driving guilt token you
know so they wanted to drive it there
were other there was basically the Honda
Civic Hybrid but you didn't get the
street cred Oh he drives a Prius he must
really have human oh by the way every
single person who can't drive got
together in Los Angeles and picked the
Prius as their car just worry about the
Tesla because you got liberals crazy
good but that you see ones driving
around you're like I know the guy isn't
the 1% yes that's that's what's
important because let me sort of set the
stage the government is taking taxpayer
money they're giving it to rich people
as a reward for purchasing these
pretentious I know they're fun to drive
I've heard they're fun
$7,500 rebate from the federal
government right on the purchase price
and I think some states like California
it's $2,500 or more they can add it up
to their own by the way like you said
the average household in you know the
average household income of a Tesla
owner has the owner Tesla model probably
Electra model 10 Model X is one and then
model 3 is the one that just came out
it's a big big deal I guess I don't know
okay five hundred and three thousand Wow
yeah where's Bernie I need help two men
where is Bernie next campaign should be
503 didn't buy as much as you think in
LA no it doesn't it doesn't it does not
buy as much pittance namely you're just
getting stabbed and you're 503 being
taken for pretty much yeah so then there
was a Solar City project the Solar City
reportedly received I think it's close
to 500 million dollars 490 something
millions fanless bring it up indirect
grants from the Treasury Department Wow
the cost of the government would be a
total of somewhere around between one
and two billion that was one point five
billion dollars I don't have it in front
of me I know Sven does do your jobs
phone computer which would include
Treasury grants paid to solar city
directly
sex everyone loves to talk about space
excuse me I'm not a huge fan of that you
want must thing because I think there's
a house of cards if you want to talk
about some guy being a brilliant there
are people who are brilliant
entrepreneurs or people who create
products and services that people want
they make their money and then there are
people who find a way to game the system
and I would say half a billion dollars
in direct government correct you're kind
of gaming the system
SpaceX same thing more government
subsidies about 20 million in economic
development subsidies from Texas to
construct the launch facility there and
then I think separate from whatever from
incentives SpaceX they've gotten is it
something like five point five million
over five billion over five billion in
government contracts that's a big thing
is you never know some of those
contracts are no bid
but contracts these are from NASA all
the way up to the Air Force overall you
have Musk's Empire never I get it I'm
gonna get tech people who are mad at me
I'm not saying I wish the guy I wish the
guy ill will at all but his empire has
taken in over five billion dollars from
the government it's not the same as it
even invented a mousetrap you say
