I'm giving you the example that
patriarchal like traditional patriarchal
mindsets affect you - you should 100%
get nine months off four if you decide
to have a child let me say this while
we're getting personal you should 100%
if you date a man who wants nine months
off leave him
all right so I'm very glad to have my
next guest it is first off anyone who's
going to be tweeting or texting or
messaging her I always want you guys be
respectful we talked about this anyone
who enters the arena as it were anyone
who was willing to engage in the process
of ideas with people across the aisle
it's really tough to get people it's a
lot of the time I mean recently so yes
so she has been tweeting me a couple of
times over the last week and a half or
so over the male priviledge is a myth
changed my mind segment and you can
follow on Twitter at Marea underscore
del Russo Maria del Rizzo how are you
I'm well how are you I'm doing well
thank you I appreciate you being on the
program thank you for inviting me and
not only that but you have your
headphones set up decent look she's I do
yes I mean your producer asked me to put
these headphones and so I have to give
you know I have to give props where
props or do what so no check later okay
so let's let's kind of get right into it
um I don't want it I want to make sure
that people kind of know our jumping-off
point how we made contact and I want you
directly your tweet so that I don't take
you out of context if I do at any point
please feel free to let me know
so the initial tweets that I saw for me
this is from the male priviledge of the
myth changed my mind segments we did was
that last Monday maybe - I don't know
was a while ago it's irrelevant we don't
need to get into this information but
you tweeted me the fact that you expect
people to walk up to you and hand you an
explanation because you asked for it
instead of going online and researching
it yourself is a pretty perfect example
of male privilege there are a couple of
tweets but let's let's start with that I
don't know that I necessarily agree with
the premise or understand it but sure
well I just want to apologize for that
in advance because a lot of your
followers did tweet me ask the fact I
didn't
know much about you or that this was a
thing that existed beforehand I did not
know that the change my mind segment was
actually a thing so now I'm aware of
that but Before we jump into all of this
I'm hoping that we can kind of start it
out just as kind of like to frame off
our discussion to kind of define what
privilege is because I think that that's
where a lot of this tension comes from
right so there are two definitions that
I want to share with you so the first
one is from like good old Webster's
dictionary and privilege as defined by
that is a special right advantage or
immunity granted or available to only a
particular group or person right if you
talk about privilege in sociology that
examines these social economic and
political advances advantages it excuse
me given to a group on the basis of sex
race finances all that type of okay
great really quickly just so I can make
sure and so we're talking about systemic
privilege systemic discrimination versus
geological cultural and in what you were
tweeting me were examples I guess you
would probably argue sociological
examples of me language well their
societal examples of male privilege
sociology is kind of the study of how
privilege influences these different
systems so society is a system as is
economics is a system as is politics is
a system so the examples that I were
sending you were examples of social
privileges that men have okay but when
we talk about privilege from the top
about me specifically well I guess I
guess this would apply to to all male
state because this is how I made contact
so I do want to I appreciate your
apology and to change my mind thing um
it's a second we've been doing for a
while and I know you mentioned you got
some threats from people and some
terrible comments which listen I mean I
won't apologize from because I didn't
make them but I'm sorry you had to know
with that that's never my intention ever
and I know you you asked me you know as
a male if I'd gotten similar threats
from from followers if I'd been asked
that I would be raped for expressing it
if it I'm sure now that you've done a
little more research on who I am that
you're you're probably aware this is not
a privilege I enjoy yep yes 100%
I and again I I get all of that now but
the reason why I wanted to define
privilege to you is that a lot of people
consider privilege when we talk about
male privilege they think of it more as
like an adjective when in reality it's
actually a noun so it's something like a
privilege isn't something that you
necessarily or men in general are
necessarily you know exercising
participating ain't exactly exactly
exactly I know that one of the jokes you
like to make is there's no secret
patriarchy meeting coming together and
being like here's how we're going to
oppress women like sure men's rights
groups exist in this country and they
may feel that way but on the whole this
is not what this is right what we're
talking about when we talk about male
privilege is the fact that historically
men have been in positions of power and
because they have been in these
positions of power they tend to frame
the way things are and because of that
they you know they they have privileges
that women don't necessarily have and
that's sure I appreciate I appreciate I
want to make sure you have you have the
full we have plenty of time so there's
there's no right yeah because you've
just discussed men in power and since
they've been in power the structures
that be that provide privileges yeah so
that would seem an example of systemic
so let's start with that
and then get to societal can you give me
any examples I guess right now twenty
eighteen of privileges rights afforded
systemic systemically to males not
afforded it cool so okay so this is
again why I have a problem with the term
privilege I actually prefer the term
advantage over privilege because I again
I think that people get really caught up
in the idea of okay advantage privilege
but you just mentioned measure power
right so let's just let's go with this
all right white men in power in this
country for a long time mostly men in
power right now in 2018 there are a lot
of female politicians a lot of
minorities but let's so let's go with
that what rights since you run up people
in power these people in power right
they've created the structures that be
right now the structures that be exist
in 2018 any rights or advantages
privileges afforded to men
not officially afforded to women in 2018
well what we are arguing here is that
you guys are benefitting from a system
where you guys were initially the only
people in power right you guys have like
a centuries-long head start on us and
because of that these things don't
change immediately so sure women are
equal to men in that we can vote in that
you know women are just as able to
ascend to ce o-- positions in all this
type of thing all of that is available
to us but since men have been in power
for longer than women have had the
opportunity to be in power you guys have
a little bit of a head start on us and
we all know that it's very difficult to
change people's minds about something
right I wanna move on I just wanna make
sure that we both agree on the premise
no rights not afforded sure on paper
there are no rights that a man has over
okay to clarify because you mentioned
government systems of power and so
people will hear that in right away and
I do feel that a lot of the left do that
cont I'm not saying you're doing that
but as a bait-and-switch like well the
systems of power that be and so people
go oh wait hold on a second what rights
out there are unequally distributed what
rights are not afforded so we but we
both agree okay there are no rights
afforded to men not to women okay but
and then so everything is so everything
is societal everything we're talking
about today then is societal sure yeah
okay so this is why I like to bring up
like men in power men in positions of
power another term that we get tripped
up on a lot is the term patriarchy right
like I know that the right hates that
term patriarchy and I think that it's
because a lot of time just funny we
don't yeah it's it's funny but if it's
it's literally defined as a system or
society oh no a system of society or
government in which men hold the power
and women are women are largely excluded
from it you can agree that that is the
way things have been for most of history
right you and I can agree on that well
no not if we're talking about societally
no no I'm talking politically a system
of society or cover
so let's talk government right which
price so now we're going back to
systemic so systemically yes for example
women didn't have the right to vote
until men passed laws that they that
they could yes but I want to make sure
we compartmentalize those because we've
now moved on to society because even if
you go back then you look at the
temperance movement you look at the
influence that women had in politics and
you look at prohibition they had every
bit as much as of influence and power
they just weren't necessarily in
official positions of government so now
we're kind of blurring those systemic
and societal but see those lines the
arrows are not hard to find lines
because one hand washes the other when
it comes to this type of thing when it
comes to privilege it's all kind of
interconnected because patriarchy is
also defined as a system of society in
which the father or eldest male is head
of the family and you could you could
trace descent through the male line
right so it's all whether it's society
whether it's government men are in
charge okay so today again let's so
because again we're going into systems
of power and men who are in power today
societally privilege advantages we moved
on from rights societally how do you
make the argument you know like I said
this is a change my mind effectively
right now the idea that we're taught in
schools by you know gender studies
professors by far-left progressive
feminists this idea of privileges the
word they use you know I know everyone
has different words we that word that's
used when I was in college when we had
to read Naomi Wolf examples of that
today societally I would love to see
some some concrete examples to see if we
would agree or disagree yeah I mean and
I'm gonna keep pushing on this it's like
the fact that men have been the ones
empowered they are the ones who are able
to dictate what is what is what is truly
like I'm sorry I'm losing my train of
thought right now because I understand
what you're saying but what I'm trying
to explain to you is that these power
positions influence our society today
because we they do certain I agree with
ya of course listen your house your past
dictates a part of your present but you
know listen again
two people in positions of power they
made men eligible for the draft and not
women right they made men have auditory
bucket duty and not women they made
men's an actual whipping post if they
abused their lives and not women so you
know no one's perfect and if we talk
about patriarchy you will hear a lot of
feminists say that these patriarchal
systems are also negative for men as
well we're not just saying like we need
to dismantle the patriarchy just because
it's bad for women it's bad for men too
for all of the reasons that you just
agree that you just talked about so so
since you guys have had the benefit of
being in power for centuries that's the
norm and you and I know that it is very
very difficult to change the idea of
what is normal right like your producer
and I were joking before I came on about
the fact that you know we I have to have
two different head phones one for my
computer and one for my iPhone because
when Apple changed their iPhone jack and
got rid of it people like went nuts Ryan
that's a small change right that because
that's the norm that's what you're used
to so if you are used to seeing men in
power and if men are used to being in
power it's hard to kind of change that
dynamic and because of that like you
just assume that men will be in power
it's an assumption it's a systemic
assumption it's something that people
just assume is the norm that is the norm
someone once asked truth Gator Ben Bader
Ginsburg what is the what would make you
happy like how many women on the Supreme
Court would make you happy and she said
all of them because there have been all
men on the Supreme Court so why
shouldn't there be all women yeah see
that's where we differ and that's where
I think I think where we can come come
to our disagreement maybe later on we'll
continue along this path is the solution
see I think that's a horrible and I mean
I'm sure you can imagine why I would
think that's the worst answer possible
sure I I happen to agree with you but
the fact that all men is normal and all
female is abnormal is no but that's not
why that's not why I think it's bad I
think it's bad because I am all about of
course we support on this program equal
opportunity
what Ginsburg is talking about there's
equal outcome I couldn't care less it's
not because there's normal or abnormal
whether it's Clarence Thomas or Ginsburg
I couldn't care less I care about the
most qualified person for the job I care
about the constitutional scholar who
will protect our rights I couldn't care
less if they have a penis or a vagina
and I think that's a big reason why
young women and particularly young men
the dangers that we're seeing now reject
this idea of feminism reject this idea
of privilege and advantages because they
see a lot of disadvantages that men
experience not as a result of patriarchy
but as a result of feminism because of
that mindset that it's time to ensure
equal outcomes saying all women on the
Supreme Court listen if you're a man
today if you're a 22 year old male you
go hold on a second everyone here has
equal rights and I don't want the
Supreme Court to become an affirmative
action land but and I completely agree
with you it should not be an affirmative
action land and the people who argue for
against male privilege are not saying
that you should give positions to women
simply because they're women we just all
want to be treated equally and we're not
really at this point if you do that if
you can't ensure an all female Supreme
Court so you understand the subtext
there you can't I do 100 percent a
hundred percent I cannot guarantee an
all-female Supreme Court but what I what
the reason why I brought that up to
begin with it was to underline my my
argument that all all-male all the time
is the norm it's the norm that's a
hundred percent the norm it's been the
norm I would not agree or you just I
would not agree that all-male all now a
hundred percent is the norm you had
females in the Republican primary and
the Democratic National candidate was a
female I don't know that it's a high
percent the norm I just I don't agree I
believe it it's actually probably
disproportionately not the norm if you
look at the amount of women who go into
certain fields and then you look at how
many of them make it to the top whether
it's stand-up comedy or the field of
Sciences I don't agree that in 2018 it's
the norm to see 100 percent men I think
it's the norm I'm not saying that it is
the norm I'm saying that it's the it's
the assumption that that's what you're
going to see when people go
to the doctor they assume that it's a
male doctor when people go to a lawyer
they assume that it's going to be a male
lawyer because these are fields that
have been traditionally dominated by men
you know I mean I don't have their I
hate to I don't agree premise you don't
have to agree with that that's not
accurate like the medical field is it
the legal field yes let's do this we
have to agree on fundamental facts right
yes most lawyers are men we can get into
why that's the case but in the medical
field you have plenty of women obviously
people will argue many of them going to
nursing but you have plenty of female
practitioners who are doctors I've had
female doctors myself my wife has female
doctors I don't agree with the premise
that it has been the norm for a long
time or certainly today for you to
expect a male doctor I think you're
seeing you're seeing everything through
the prism of gender here and and not
through the prism of qualifications I
don't believe that most people go mykes
if a woman walks into their office when
they're on that deli papers and will
hold on a second you have breasts this
is not what I signed up for I don't
think anyone cares
I really don't I'm not saying that they
care I'm not saying that they're gonna
like get up and storm out if I look like
if a woman walks in interesting that
there are certain things where you
expect a man to show up and I think that
that's very represented and you could
even look at our own government only 19
percent of the House of Representatives
is female and there are only 21 female
senators sitting at this moment so you
know that's not equal that's not you
know all women it's mostly men and I
think a guy why do you think that you
know over half the country are women why
do you think that is why do you think
women aren't voting in the women well I
think that we're not voting in the women
just because they're women I think that
you know we I don't really want to get
into the whole Trump Hillary thing
Hillary did win the popular vote we
don't have to get into all of that right
now
you guy and we are voting in four we are
voting in women I think that
traditionally women have not been pushed
into or have not been motivated or have
not even really been told that they can
achieve situations like this because we
and we can get into sexism with this now
women
who enter careers like politics who
enter careers like anything where
there's a high profile tend to be put
through it like it's had to be
scrutinized a lot more than men I think
that's your view and that's well and I
and I don't think that's you know and
that's not statistically corroborate and
here here's my point this is what I
think it's so important the way you
reached out to me you said they exist
the fact that you set up as a male and
no one who wrapped this is a perfect
example of male privilege you saw that
and you assumed it was because I was a
male just like right now you're assuming
that it's because these people running
our female it's an assumption and it's a
thin in this case with me it was a false
one you immediately say well as a
Magendie
and I think you let me Lane alright well
let me explain my criticism on can I do
that I know that you you look like you
want to say something else but can I
explain my criticism of you so your
change my mind segment is an example of
you know the the lack of diversity that
we kind of talk about when we talk about
