cameras rolling sounds good I mean I
wish I could say that none of us saw
this coming but the truth is all of us
for sure did all of us for sure did I
mean we knew it was all just a matter of
time
you know after Alex Jones we knew it was
in the cards for a lot of people we'd
already been demonetised quite a bit not
to mention the the restrictions
restricted modes been really bad for us
and outright suspensions we had no
choice they forced her hand creating mud
club the thing about Crowder is and this
is a well known secret in the industry
HIDA monetizes his own videos to sell
more mugs who told you that
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
idle hips idle hips we need an idea let
me get my iPad away from the water that
came out of the mug there eh
we're just didn't Izzy has took this
this week it's been a it's been a big
week we have a lot to talk about we have
some great guests today we have Paul
Joseph Watson on the show boom boom
prison planet Infowars he's probably out
of a job soon so maybe you'll see him
here we have the great one Mark Levin
here pretty happy about that and before
we get to the guest that we have here in
studio and the topic we'll be talking
about today of course social media the
tech giant's the D platforming and now
we're gonna have my lawyer actually
half-asian lawyer bill Richman to talk
about that let me ask you question of
the day social media giants obviously
they've started another round of purges
against figures as they see it being on
the far right or as we know it just not
the far left the question is now that
now we're beyond Alex Jones where's the
line do you think they have a line do
you have a line and what actions do you
think should be taken against these
leviathans if any when it comes to
YouTube Twitter Facebook and I'm all wet
I have two fixes what else do the dance
firm Dancing with those dancing too hard
look you can see this this is disgusting
alright producing of course first week
without knocking John same around every
now and then is a quarter black Garrett
you are a quarter black I am for sure
it's only a quarter yeah I can't do it
that good my friend got a Cuban cigar
that was so clearly faked on the label
it was misspelled that was the
equivalent to that in a hood pass a huge
pianist huge pianist calm own Benjamin
is in third share with us today how are
you own it's great to be back I now
realize I do have to go the shirt store
yeah because I showed up and now I
realize that I'm wearing a similar
there's be twins you have dates coming
up in Houston right I do I got dates all
over got a huge pianist calm to check it
out and get my last specials yes there
are a lot of speaking this fing this
week knows a special guy who's but I
think we have here G Morgan Judah the
one he's buying wine today so he'll be
back next Monday but he's gone so my
half-asian whatever bill Richman is in
the studio are you really glad to baby
we're gonna be talking about Facebook
and Twitter yeah you know what I we're
helping to fix the world so it's a
better world for him to live I'm pretty
sure that I'm pretty sure Skynet will
have fallen by that I wouldn't worry
about it in other news let's get to this
first 20:18 news I should say Christine
Hall Quist could be elected the first
ever transgender Governor on Tuesday she
won the Democrat primary victim in the
first tray now this is by the way in
Vermont so whoever wins a Democrat prime
very likely to win the general and this
is prompted Vermont's own Ben and Jays
to release a string of new inspired
flavors actually quite a few so this
brings us to this week's Crowder 7+1
that's right Ben and Jerry's top seven
transgender themed items I know by the
way there are there are Republicans
elected in Vermont I know even as
governor but this is in this case in a
primary you need one that's gonna be a
size 12 shoe she is a size bill coming
in hot
he didn't know if he should say that one
what is wrong with you offer you're the
biggest stars in the world respectful if
I had written that joke I would have
stood up to deliver it yes I would have
been very proud of that I am standing up
and yet I'm still shorter than like your
father did SMU law graduation but your
mom stayed seated because she was
disappointed you weren't a doctor yes
yes and she remained seated to this day
disappointed did you know that it's
actually true what's that he has a tiger
mom and she wishes he were a doctor
being in like an awesome half-asian
lawyer isn't good enough no no not at
all no no whoa my mom's just really
happy I have a driver's license I have a
class-c license did your head as an
actor like you got hit you're Class C
for motorcycle it's a huge deal I won't
write I won't ride a motorcycle at six
seven it's probably not very prudent to
do it be like that Dumbo all right
listen number seven Ben and Jerry's top
 flavored ice creams a little on
the nose
chunky train number six Adam's apple
crisp I see what you did that doesn't
even sound very appetizing
I don't think any of these do because we
go to number five chocolate chip cookie
ooh yeah and then we've got number four
triple caramel hormone blockers yes yes
but only between the ages of nine and 11
if you listen to Julie Ray yesterday
according the dsm-5 you only administer
though is between nine and eleven
because that's the cautious approach
they can just reverse it and undo the
puberty blockers if they want to
continue as opposed to say not
administering radical hormone blocking
therapy I don't know number three mint
chocolate abnormally high suicide rate
which doesn't really seem like a flavor
that's it terrible flavor I think you
wanted AI you wanted this one you wanted
to have a crack at number two Harry
Baals SIA
admits it so much for what he deliver
look look at my eyes let alone the
audience that's intense and actually
number one was actually this was similar
to number but you know what this was
Owens in it this was Owens baby he's
pretty proud of it number one Ben and
Jerry transgender seemed ice cream Owen
Benjamin that would be the strawberry
short lifespan that's true that's we're
gonna hit letters everybody with a plus
one banana split then invert it into
your body cavity make a fake vagina
that's been this week seven plus one
that doesn't sound appetizing at all in
other news that that sucks New York
Governor Andrew Cuomo told an audience
that quote America was never that great
remember there was a point when we were
in general elections and Democrats had
to act as though they didn't hate their
country yeah that was before that
bug-eyed lady yes it was before it was
that's the Pug eyed lady the pug ID law
guide lady we talked about Nina and Nina
Pinta Santa Maria Cortez yes that lady
can you remember her exact Alexandria
Acacio Cortes there you go ooh would you
have known that bill no no I would not
have gotten that correct at all and
that's why your mother's disappointed in
you 17,000 reason he missed the bumper
multiculturalism
he's so racist I didn't believe us we
have a clip we're not gonna make America
great again it was over that great why
did he sound like the guy in dumb and
Dumberer is like there are other people
who need to use the found that guy
sounds like rarity was Ray Romano's
brother and I just I just can't believe
that these are actual people but his
brother actually for those I don't know
CNN's Chris Cuomo was overheard as
saying hello darkness miles
I thought it was pretty great I've come
that's pretty childish but it was we
just wanted to fit it in there because
he's a DNC pool boy I feel like the
Cuomo brothers are such AI buzzkills
they could be sitting in a hot tub with
champagne and they're just like I heard
bubbles they're too fizzy my name is
Neil
have you seen piglet anyway he has an
English accent I don't know how to do
accents so I just run in got the Cuomo's
that is decidedly too new yorky I'm in
for New Yorker even New Yorkers Blake
okay listen can you tone it down a
little bit yeah they're like we're not a
parody of ourselves from a 50s mobster
movie listen stop getting work club
you're not that fantastic who likes do
you think people are still voting for
the Cuomo's people we're gonna vote for
Anthony Weiner until you became more
Anthony Weiner do you realize only after
the first scandal people are talking
about form yeah cos New York has
Stockholm Syndrome that's a good point
oh it's almost are also making it so
felons can vote I want they're getting
all there they're hedging their bets so
you get to break all of the laws yep
vote on them exactly speaking of
bringing once finally a congressman
actually wants to know if the Chinese
spy staffed by Dianne Feinstein
compromised classified Intel this comes
from the Washington Examiner Congressman
Jim banks he asked we all while we all
know that the FBI approached senator
Feinstein's five years ago to informer
of this threat right now there are more
questions than ever regarding this case
I'm just wondering how the spy got away
with this for so long
it really does seem remarkable it was
right underneath Feinstein's eye
yeah Feinstein's not good at figuring
out who's spying on her I do not say it
seems to be one of our weeks but all
this and we've been talking about the
Russians that we've taken our eye off
the Chinese and they're so
passive-aggressive paper straws well
they continue with that last you know
that comes from them all of the modern
inconveniences it's clear where it's
coming from
pretty good pretty good big strong
congressman I think a copy boy this is
what you like it and it's kind of try to
so you know there coffee on your chrome
yes
Thank You Ming's very thoughtful oh yeah
ah what is this weird paper thing what
is this an official bum down yeah I
remember that bill why would the outlaw
plastic straws
I don't know why I can't eat rent made
you guys bear I mean you're brave
environmentalist did dad you oh no you
you get coffee on your shirt kill you
must be sad I don't shy about that it
American it's like drinking through a
number-two pencil today how you know
your coffee
I got it enjoy what you like I know you
need caffeine no you get sleepy it's
good I still feel a little bit sleepy oh
you feel sleepy I'm so bummed out right
now that cab all it's okay now
there's an important vote today to keep
the internet free from censorship oh I
guess you don't need your iPad for you
yeah damn it oh no it's only in 87% oh
oh you know what no you know but I only
have charged enjoyed only don't judge
people away oh no awesome
yeah America yeah I wish I loved
anything as much as Owen loves watching
himself and scales over to you it wasn't
laughing at V I was just do it all you
like you're killing me that was also a
laugh and think about the fact bills mom
is probably like why aren't you also a
spy my mom's got enough disappointment
that she's even disappointed for that
spy not being a doctor by the way
quarterblack cared no one can we all
confirm that bill was laughing the
hardest in the room at that sketch while
it was playing yeah yeah bill was
laughing the hardest and Asian's capable
of laughing this is true hey this isn't
a spirit of crazy rich agents agents are
getting all kinds of screen time I love
this is absolutely no and whenever
someone says that's right you really do
have to blame Mickey Rooney it really
goes back to Breakfast at Tiffany's and
I it is remarkably racist but we'll
piggyback off of it okay to go back to
the question of earlier so
is something we're talking about today
and I do want to hear from you guys I
know
apparently aren't that many opinions I
hate to say it it's not that it's not
that we live in a monolith but it's
everyone who's not a far left
progressive pretty much lives in a
monolith you're protecting freedom of
speech so Alex Jones obviously was
simultaneously remove from Facebook
YouTube Apple so on okay move
unfortunately a lot on the Left rejoiced
now we talked about that last week and I
think I know you weren't here when we
talked about that but obviously you know
about the story but things have changed
so now stefan molyneux his youtube
channel or see to hard strike seemingly
out of the blue we don't know what for
yet then youtube issued the the h3h3
productions a hard strike I think they
were blocked from streaming right yeah
block follow they were streaming well
what happened while they were streaming
yeah
and I think a big part of that was
because they addressed the Jones
conspiracy I have to say allegedly right
that covers me right well yes I say
allegedly I mean apparently because
YouTube said it was a mistake Edward but
the stream was taken down because they
addressed the Alex Jones story now let's
not forget since we last spoke yeah
McGinnis spontaneously banned from
Twitter who's next who's now who's next
well here's the thing social justice for
his claim or at least we should say they
they hope this comes from inverse that
we're next did you see this no Aayla
they actually they called me all right
into the three alt right jail and Julie
borovsky she's the token libertarian
chick that's her search channels name
she couldn't be less Pro Trump on the
conservative side insane it's so funny
with him it's funny when they are when
they call people like us all right
because the alt-right is way more
similar to the left they both think
white males are super special they just
differ on policy yes it's like a circle
it's like a circle it comes from like
here and then it comes back around right
here exactly how about the fact that
they accused hi Alex Jones of being
conspiracy theorist and then the biggest
companies in the world conspired to get
rid of it yes exactly
all right that's right you're all right
listen short if possible well the short
of absolutely ben shapiro i have been
the most outspoken critic of the
alt-right in modern conservatism and
that's only because he's really jewish
you can't out shapiro shapiro okay i
mean i can't i can't get as personal
with the alt-right of shapiro because
i'll be honest I've never walked a mile
in a size 6 shoes i possibly know
I've never want to had that small I
don't know what all right means I well
that's the whole point it's an umbrella
term so in case by the way there were
still any doubt as to the veracity of
these claims from inverse they spelled
my name with a pH so not exactly
Pulitzer winning research department
they're high in verse but little fact
rate it is mostly true so there's that
now the claim is is not that Alex Jones
the conspiracy theorist accusing
congressman of being pot-bellied
interdimensional them interdimensional
vampires would explain Chuck Schumer
they used the worst excuse possible and
Bill well that's why I wanted to have
you here today because you can talk
about this and offer some insight the
social media platforms didn't say it was
about Sandy Hook it wasn't about the
conspiracy theories they just use this
chilling defense Jones violated the hate
speech policies if any of you read
YouTube's pop have you read YouTube or
Twitter's hate speech policies I have
not I just accept and move just accept
and move on I checked the box and I just
go well the thing is some of their hate
speech policies aren't consistent with
other hate speech policies for example
if you just sign up and you create an
account and then you have when you
become a partner so there we've had to
go through these quite a few times and
sometimes the same company will have
different explanations but this is
actually taken directly I think from
Google support bill my half-asian one
hour bill Richmond I think you can read
this right yeah absolutely
it's it's pretty clear right there in
the paragraph there is a fine line
between what is and what is not
considered to be eight speech for
instance it is generally okay to
criticize a nation state but if the
primary purpose of the content is to
incite hatred against a group of people
solely based on their ethnicity or if
the content promotes violence based on
any of these core attributes like
religion it violates our policy well I
want to get into first off you pointed
out something right before the show I
did I did the paragraph right before
this and I really encourage everyone to
go take a look at the actual policy yeah
because just above the paragraph I just
read is a sentence that says primary
purpose of inciting hatred against
individuals or groups based on certain
attributes such as race religion
disability etc but what you'll skip over
if you don't recognize the language that
the lawyerly language is the such as
they're not saying that this is the
exclusive list right it can be used to
ban people from the platform's or take
away their monetization or take away
their livelihood
it's
just an example so in fact when you read
the literal language of the hate speech
policy it is any characteristic that
YouTube decides or Google decides on a
certain day that applies to an
individual or group that they happen to
fancy at that time and I don't think
there's a real question about which ones
they fancy and which ones they don't
yeah I feel like they've weaponized
balls just retract into your body cavity
mine did
Oh terrifying that is well it's
weaponized opinions yeah it's it's kind
of like saying mustard is a hate
condiment yes and someone being like
what does that mean it's like I hate it
so it's gone now and the relish is
clearly all trite
it's just umbrella labels hate yeah and
by the way this isn't even true now that
legal leaves that you got into super
super important because it's like when
someone says uh the Bible says the
world's gonna end in October 12th what
where does it say I believe it's
somewhere near the back another second
there's a clause in there that's what
you have in a lot of I mean there are so
many outs with with contracts like these
kept and then and everyone out there
who's signing up for a YouTube channel
you'll become a YouTube partner please
please have a lawyer look it over
because a lot of people don't know what
they're signing into but even then
they're it's not true in the application
from YouTube because people have been
banned for hate speech simply for
criticizing nations or ideologies of
course too loose definition the
application of course of hate speech
it's some of the we've harped on here
for a long time it was one of the first
ever change my minds for those who
