you can't look at it in a vacuum and
just say American slaves why have the
same suicide rate they didn't have the
same kind of abuse from within their
family all right I am I'm glad to have
our next guest on the program you can
follow on Twitter at Julie ray now Julie
ray goldstein is actually a known
actress verified blue checkmark on the
Twitter as long as they're still giving
those out and allowing people to keep
those right now and has made it a point
to obviously criticize go after this
program quite a bit on Twitter and we've
been sort of missing each other but
you're on the show now Julie ray
goldstein thanks for being here oh
thanks for having me Steven I actually
really appreciate that you're willing to
have a conversation really you sound
surprised
ah no I'm not surprised I think at in
this current political environment I
think people are too polarized in one
way or another and I like actually
reaching out and looking at other points
of view so I'm kind of used to people
being a little more combative sure you
can come across coming coming a little
hot on Twitter so maybe that's why they
might seem competitive combative but
listen I I appreciate it in let me ask
you this I guess before we kind of
continue with a conversation what what
is it that you think would be fruitful
what are you open to glean kind of from
us sitting down here oh absolutely I
think the thing that interests me the
most is making sure that your audience
is aware of the actual science behind
some of the things that you've said in
the past sure um I think we both come
into it from a scientific perspective we
both want the best for people I don't
think either of us has malicious intent
in any regard but I think there's been a
bit of MIS association or
misinterpreting or misquoting Mis citing
the science okay so I just wanted to
clarify that okay well first off by the
way I did mention verified actress and
blue checkmark but I should say
transgender individual and activist sure
in case in case people didn't know
today's topic will be transgenderism and
obviously we've got into the science
quite a bit with our audience it's not
something that we that we hide from them
we certainly don't try to keep people in
the dark but yeah let's let's start with
that then where do you think I know
you've criticized me in a few different
areas in this program and it really more
so people who line up with my worldview
as a whole on the current transgender
issue
do you think it is that that we've we've
gotten this wrong well I think the first
part that I've criticized you a lot is
you mentioned you did a segment on what
was it like Timmy the bear I'm aware you
said something about how trans people
post-surgery can't experience sexual
pleasure can't orgasm and you said it at
one point with Ben Shapiro as well
that's actually completely incorrect I
can tell you as someone who has had
surgery and still experiences sexual
pleasure and orgasms that that's not the
typical response I there's actually
studies that show that over eighty
percent remain orgasmic post-surgery
and okay so that's that's one of you
well first off I do want to make sure
that we're clear on a couple things
something that's talked about with Timmy
the bear isn't necessarily meant to be a
reputable study but we have discussed
yeah for example I think on the
understood what struck me I don't
remember the Timmy the bear but I
remember in the I'm just a bill parody
it was many transgenders never
experienced sexual pleasure again now if
I've ever said definitively that no
transgenders ever after sexual
reassignment therapy can ever have
orgasms yeah that would be incorrect but
no I I appreciate that there are studies
though quite a few that show that for
example men a hundred percent of men
experience orgasm
cisgender men to use for the
nomenclature that's out there nowadays
those who transition transgenders it's
as low as 65% so it still is a 35%
decrease and the point that I was making
with that is you know listen if you knew
there was a 35% chance at that point if
there was thirty five percent thirty
five out of a hundred chance that you
won't ever be able to experience an
orgasm again would that lend to the
suicidality to the morbidity to the
mortality rates that you see in the
transgender community I know for me if I
knew that I was never going to achieve
sexual climax again I put a nine
millimeter in my mouth so that was the
point that that that we were making no
in the same here too I'm very vocal
about how I'm a huge horror nerd but the
thing that like I can't do in Hoorn I
think this is where this came out is the
sequence in The Handmaid's Tale that got
me the most is the female genital
mutilation scene and I cannot watch that
in horror even though I love for love
Eli Roth grew up with horror but it's
it's this idea that trans people have
gone through so much to reclaim their
sexuality and their
you'll pleasure that the idea of
somebody taking that away no believe me
it would make me want to put a
nine-millimeter in my mouth - if I knew
that yes but I question where you're
bringing up that 65% I'd actually like
to see the citations on that because I
actually like to look at that in kind of
what I tell people is here some studies
look at the science we don't actually
read it make up the decision for
yourself well the science you can't
really make up the decision but you know
go from there but if you're not sure
people can cherry-pick studies and
that's why I met analyses are very
important and of course the parameters
of scientific studies that's why
double-blind placebo-controlled clinical
trials are considered the gold standard
as opposed to just a general study that
says hey our supplemental formula works
go take it you know and who's funding
the studies but ya know science is
science but of course there's a way to
manipulate how it's presented through an
agenda yeah here's what we will do
because I obviously it wouldn't be fair
for me to bring up studies and do them
as an overlay as you're doing this and
you don't have the ability but we will
when we upload this video
everything that I'm referencing will be
available put them in links they're
available on PubMed so yeah it's about
65% okay um I'd actually like to see
that because the one that I I looked at
here actually it pretty much it does say
a large number of transsexuals 80%
reported improvement of their sexuality
now here's the thing majority of
participants reported a change in Oh
orgasmic feeling so it differs and
because of brain differences actually
the orgasm I this is just my feeling and
kind of on my experience the orgasm that
you have after surgery feels more right
and is more let's say it it it it's more
pleasurable and more it it it affects
you differently yeah I remember having
an orgasm like pre surgery and then you
could imagine I'm slightly uncomfortable
with this territory now I was well know
this is anecdotal you're talking about
how you feel during orgasms which I
appreciate and I hope it's fantastic I
wish you nothing but the best but I
don't necessarily know that that helps
the people watching right now so yeah
we'll get this information up there for
people who want to watch it I know I
know there are several other areas where
you
sighs me and the program is there
anywhere else where you think we get the
science glaringly wrong absolutely
you've also said that suicidality is the
same priam post surgery that's actually
just found to be false in multiple
different studies that actually use the
same methodology pre and post mm-hmm I'm
quoting there's one study here from
Belgium that a cauldron yeah I think you
quote one study from Belgium and one
study from Canada quite a bit if I'm not
mistaken but yeah let's go yeah there's
one from Belgium from 2006 that actually
shows that it drops from 29.3% 25.1% the
study from Canada actually shows 27.1 to
1% the study that actually you bring up
a lot is a doctored ahead Janee study
the one from Sweden which actually
doesn't quite say what you think it does
and this let me actually use dr.
jeannette Jenni's words herself she
actually says that the study as a whole
that she did covers a period between
1973 and 2003 what she found is that
when she divided the cohorts into two
groups 1973 to 1980 Oh on your mic this
muted on us one second oh I don't want
people to think that we're doing evil
internet overlords censorship of you we
can't hear you we lost sound oh oh now
you're back you're back sorry go ahead
okay take it from the top no and let
everyone know nothing up my sleeves it
was just an internet issue okay go ahead
no yeah um so doctor the head and he
found that if she divided the cohorts
into 1973 to 1988 and 1989 to 2003
obviously methodology diagnostic tools
change procedures change but she found
that if she divided at the differences
in mortality suicide attempts and crime
actually disappear and found no
different criminality or suicidality
than the cisgender controls for the 1989
to 2003 group there are a couple things
it's not just a suite of study though
that's an important one and it's not
exactly how you're presenting it but I
would like to before we do that because
I appreciate you talking about one
Belgian study one Canadian study this is
important for people to know why do you
think that I would completely throw out
the study you're mentioning from Belgium
I honestly don't know I mean I think
some people have an agenda I don't think
you here's the thing okay why do you
think I would throw everyone from Canada
I um I I honestly don't know I go ahead
okay yeah well the study from Belgium
and this is one thing that I think is
very important because trans the
transgender community likes to say
you're denying the science quite a bit
and what they do is take exceptions to
the rule rather than the rule so there's
one Belgian study which was done a while
ago we've done far more studies with
greater sample sizes and better more
objective parameters since then it's
interesting to me too you just mentioned
a 30-point difference between your own
studies the Belgian study and the
Canadians any couple of reasons for that
the belgian study actually I think it
was 100 something people maybe 107
people who participated 43% of the
participants dropped out meaning we have
no idea what happened to them by the end
we have no idea if they're still alive
so 43% of people who started the study
were not included at the end of the
study only 62 I think I'd have 105 or
107 I don't have it in front of me right
now that distorts the number quite a bit
of course the Canadians those who don't
know the Canadian study debate only
study only so I will let me let me kind
of give you my macro and then if you
disagree that you can so that's one
study that's where you saw it go down
from 29% to I think 5 percent is what
you quoted and then you said a Canadian
study where it goes down to 1% well
that's a testicle E significant because
the variability there if it were in one
study it would have to be thrown out
you'd have to redraw this study up
because 30% and 1% is pretty big the
Canadian study studies one year it asks
people within the last year of their
surgery if they've attempted suicide so
a study where 43% of the people have
dropped out and then a study that only
asks people about one year is not the
same as a Swedish study that you
mentioned or another Canadian study
that's more recent that actually takes a
larger sample size 300 something people
over the course of many several decades
and studies objective parameters like
mortality like morbidity like
suicidality but mainly mortality are
they alive are they dead that's
objective on like the Belgian study
which is a questionnaire and 43% dropped
out when you look at those studies that
objectively frame and the parameters and
aren't by the way conducted by a pro
trans activist group as a Canadian study
which you and I both know come on it'd
be like a supplement company funding a
supplement research paper it's 19 to 8
times more likely for post-operative
transgenders to commit suicide across
bored in all the other studies across
the board it's between 16 and 19 times
more likely than general populace to
kill themselves well let me also make a
differentiation between those Canadian
and the Belgium studies the Belgium
study actually only studied people who
had surgery the Canadian Studies studied
people who who had stated that they were
done transitioning and for some people
that's not surgery so that's also
another factor I get again we're looking
at different methodologies which we
can't say are equivalent in any sort of
way but we also have a 2010
meta-analysis we could say one is more
valid right we do have to agree which
one's more valid one that's funded by
the trans pulse project that only asks
people in a questionnaire within the
last year or one that studies over 300
people and whether they died or not ones
right well I don't think we can see that
in the in a vacuum and we can't really
make distinctions let me give you an
example we can't make distinctions based
on mortality unless we're comparing the
same things pre and post huh oh sorry
your sound keeps going on again it's not
it's the evil overlords at YouTube they
this is there you go okay sorry canal
it's I yeah anyway so here's kind of a
comparative thing if we did a study of
people with cancer and gave them
chemotherapy and measured the mortality
of people with cancer after getting
chemotherapy and measured that against
assists Jen not cisgender a control of
people who didn't have cancer sure you
would find that the mortality rate would
be higher in the people who received
chemotherapy and had cancer but you
can't use that then to make a
distinction that chemotherapy doesn't
improve the chances of sort of less
mortality of people with cancer
shrieking not if you're comparing it to
people what up kid
well first off let me just establish
kind of the premises here which we're
discussing I think we both agree the
suicide rate is high among the
transgender community the attempted
suicide rate and if I'm not mistaken a
big criticism that you've had toward me
is that post-operative transgenders are
actually far less likely so what we're
talking about here what we are debating
is the idea that post-operative
transgenders have improved suicidality
rates so that's why I was discussing
these studies I I don't think there
needs to be any correction because again
let's say you took
that's that use your own example cancer
do you compare these patients who didn't
undergo chemo these people are 19 times
more likely to die if they do not
receive chemotherapy and then he gave
them chemotherapy and afterward you said
these people are 19 times more likely to
die than the general population even if
they've had chemotherapy it would be a
valid comparison so I'm addressing your
point that you've criticized this show
that you say it improves the suicide
rates it doesn't it doesn't and the
overwhelming number of studies that are
performed objectively using objective
parameters show that it doesn't unless
you cherry-pick studies for funded by
transgender activists and I just don't
think that that's a fair way to to
compare science and certainly to come on
someone's program or tell someone else
that you're going to inform them as to
the science again all these are in
PubMed people please go research yes
both your studies and my studies yeah
what we're talking about I mean I can
also quote you a 2010 meta-analysis of
28 different studies that show that 78%
of trans people showed an improvement of
psychiatric symptoms another study of 50
trans women who received genital surgery
that found that their physical mental
health was not significantly different
from samples of sis women I mean we have
yeah that's a question there's I need to
be I need to be really clear here it's
like people this is a big thing I have
with sort of socialists on health care
this is why Cubans think they have
better health care than Americans if you
ask someone do you think your health
care is better than United States and
they say yes it doesn't mean it's better
right our mortality rates are better our
wait times are lower your greatest
chance of survival with a terminal
illness is living in the United States
but people in Cuba people in Canada
think they have better health care you
are citing studies that revolve around
polls and questionnaires and again the
dropout rate is also very high that is
not as reliable or objective as
mortality rates as medically observable
data and so I think it's important if
you are going to take on the
responsibility of informing people as to
the science to differentiate between
polls and questionnaires how people feel
and what happens as far as whether they
have a pulse or not well on that sense I
would ask you to find a study that
objectively actually states that's a
suicide Ally actually remains the same
pre and post comparing pre to post a or
goes up post I don't think you can find
any study that does that if you can
please tell me because I'd love to know
there are a couple studies that I
asked several other conservatives to
write on transgender issues to Italy you
know if you know of any please provide
them I'd be willing to read them but
there's a no study that shows
suicidality goes up when comparing pre
to post there it's never been never said
it goes up well or stays the same it's
it doesn't get much better is a point
there could be some studies that show a
slight improvement but generally
speaking it's still much higher than the
general population it's not even close I
think there you're making a qualitative
analysis ting ssin there because it does
get better regardless I mean there's
some that show less than others I mean
that's you're playing with numbers there
no not really I think if you if you say
they have a 41% to attempted suicide
rate if you have a study like the
Swedish day that you mentioned where it
goes up about it's still 19 times higher
than the general population regardless
of the information that you discussed
after 25 year follow-up there's also a
more recent Canadian study that came
from Toronto I believe where was about
18 times more likely to commit suicide
than in general population these are
post-operative transgenders so again
this matters because across it's
consistent we're ok here you've got 19
times here you've got a tee-time 18
times when you look at the mortality
rates the studies are pretty conclusive
now it doesn't mean that all of them are
going to show the exact same number but
18 19 times that's more consistent in
the studies you mentioned one of which
is funded by a transgender activist
group that had a 30% down to 5 percent
and then you said a new Canadian study
says it's down to 1% I mean most people
would look at that and it doesn't it
doesn't pass a sniff test again I think
