just play it smart out there tonight
boys okay we got Thomas all on the night
one the most brilliant economist in the
world
YouTube's just itching for a reason to
monetize I so want to see a lot of hard
work out there okay crying out loud we
know how to bring the laughs let's just
play it smart cloth tickle now we need
this win denied come on let's play heads
up out there
man for man we're better than a 4z yeah
all right z4z we're burning in late
night show in the world
[Music]
[Music]
you know what Dan said is back to the
Hawking ah so good to have you that's
the sound of the weekend the last show
of the week and I couldn't be more
grateful
unbelievable showing up today Thomas
soul is on the show oh look
discrimination and disparities accounts
with the change my mind
red and white they're one of the minute
one of the men I want to have on the
half on one of the men I've wanted to
have on the show that's a great start
I'm sure but you just appeared on this
program I talked about in said before
since I met you even wanted him on the
show
yeah I've really wanted to have him on
the show which actually it leads me to a
question of the day who would you most
like to see on the show as far as you
know great minds who do you consider to
be some of the most I guess formidable
minds of our time I would certainly say
Thomas Sol on there and then in the
comedy realm nor McDonald so we're
holding out hope and then a second
question have you noticed the incredibly
odd coverage of the YouTube shooting
which we'll talk about later
and finally does anyone else have
allergies I feel as though an entire
field of dandelions just decided to line
up and flatulate right in my eyeball I
don't know anyone else out there who's
gonna be in video studios always a Jared
who is not gay following on Twitter not
get you to meet us cry with you how much
it's not your Photoshop side fulfil my
league obligations during conclusions
are we good another day not gay good and
simplified wine calm a simmer yeah
that's a thing at G Morgan Jr Harry sir
we've got the one of the day is baby
bear baby bear yeah well that's actually
perfect as Benjamin is going to be on
and there's no longer a lot on Twitter
but you are soft my friend so you even
speak into the microphone or adjust your
volume statue computer are you ready for
the overlays beep beep I'm ready and
also I'm not kool-aid on Twitter I know
you were telling me that you were very
concerned about its cult followers
already know on the show by the way he
was I guess I'll be I don't know if he's
been completely removed from Twitter we
just we just he was I just write some of
these jokes this morning yeah and then
after that he was just perma banned yeah
I think he's probably man I don't know
this is a good device to book I see when
people to holes is my host or like this
book are you gonna throw it at asleep I
get why all these leaders like you know
anybody well Oprah has her face on the
cover of every magazine since right
exactly
hey by the way case you know next month
Oh magazine she's on the cover all right
no other news reverse for those who are
who are who are chomping at the bit you
can get your free bucket of poop at an
upcoming Detroit Zoo event always try to
my home
town this comes from Emma live.com the
first thousand people at the zoo's sixth
annual green fest will receive a token
good for one free five gallon bucket of
detroit zoo poop and that's why the free
proof detroit zoologist specified
because some tap water wasn't available
i this is just this is exactly what you
would expect from detroit particularly
if you've seen how they've branded their
their local tourism campaign detroit zoo
come for the animals leave was a little
piece of Detroit for a taste that's Pure
Michigan theme song it's terrible is
right behind it it just it just makes
anything sound good yeah yeah slow
motion yeah this address rules its Pure
Michigan genius watch people who live in
Michigan shiver love that people who who
don't have no idea what we're talking
about it's a tortoise exactly and Tim
how nobody makes fun of Tim Allen on my
name that movie liner I guess sort of
series line by the way hey here's
another strike a woman said in
ancestry.com DNA test told her that she
had a different father who happened to
be her parents fertility doctor the test
showed that her DNA matched a sample
from a doctor more than five hundred
miles away at the time Rowlett was not
aware that more than 36 years ago her
parents had struggled to conceive
there's a twist seeking more information
mr. Elliott had her older sister take
the same test only to discover DNA match
with the milkman her younger sister
matched with the mailman and
unsurprisingly her youngest brother who
wears a leather helmet matched positive
with the hobo who pees down the elevator
shaft claiming he's Jesus it's always
the crazy person who claims these Jesus
from 2018 oh yeah by the way I'm Jesus
really good know I've been this weekend
my contact information these explains
why every doctor's visit was accompanied
by chocolate and roses and Astroglide
perfectly
you were saying this technically
technically the fertility doctor did his
job you can't take that away from him
all sales are final
I think the bed to the mother
rationalizing that do you do you know
where your good genes come from now
here he charges I don't think this was a
redneck family and I actually I resent
that presumption
yeah probably Arkansas if standards
let's get lighter because this news has
been so heavy let's watch this Russian
postal drone smash into a wall in its
inaugural flight roll clip our mail will
be a sight to behold for entire oh
[Laughter]
goodness is in Russia it's a flat rate
for next day killing ha ha ha in an
unsurprising turn of events the drone
turned out to be manned by the only
Chinese drone pilot in Russia so I know
someone's gonna stacked up and say
they're not pilots if they're Manning in
drones here's the thing we don't care
know some people saying that's racist
maybe a japanese couple apologize for
ignoring their work pregnancy timetable
by conceiving quote before their turn
this comes from The Telegraph Japanese
work her I don't think we have I don't
think we want to break the name because
you know she deserves her yeah yeah
that's the problem she needs to worry
about
she's been reprimanded by her boss for
selfishly breaking the rules after she
became pregnant before was her turn the
couple formally met with the director to
apologize about the pregnancy in person
and they actually did it before that by
phone and we have the exclusive audio of
that call people ask me you get these
exclusive calls but why don't they speak
in their native tongue it's always in
English so is English it's it's just as
Vexen to us yeah my way yeah yourselves
the same thing I'm super Titus said they
have all the same freedoms of Japan so
yes they do don't let this story the
idea we'll talk about the YouTube
shooting and just some overall startling
statistics that are ignored by the media
people should go and watch the John Lott
interview yesterday but a great example
is this this idea that controlling guns
will reduce suicides Japan has I think
some of the strictest gun control in the
world the highest suicide rate in the
industrialized world I believe that's
because I have to have babies in turn
yeah you once told me that if you were a
judge Quebec separately as its own
country as opposed to a province that I
would have number two I haven't been
able to find sources on that if someone
can send that to me a desk router I've
heard it I cannot substantiate it but
I've heard that multiple times in
Switzerland as well like really high I
have never heard of that I thought it
was spend computer do you know if that's
true or not they're pretty close we
can't annex them he's thinking about the
next war speaking of an acting said the
rest of the world it's time for this
week's eye on India segment
[Music]
why do we single out India because it's
a terrible place visitor and also
because people like to act as though
it's not they go there and spiritual
quests so you know what we'd like to
warn you this is why would somebody
storm India every time we do it we're
global we're globalists when it comes to
news according to an Indian professor do
you guys read this article yeah this is
great and a doctor from what I hear
women who wear jeans give birth to
transgenders and autistic children India
today
Rajeev Kumar a botany lecturer so he's
staying in his Lane accolade Eastern
kara college said on television a woman
who dresses up like a man a woman who
dresses up like a man what will the
character of the child she gives birth
to be these children are called
transgenders or nipple Khan Comstock
come see he he also later added that and
the women who wear miniskirts should
call me if science very self-serving
toll-free it what's funny is he was
adamant about his opinion we have from
the same article speaking on a TV show
recently he defended his remarks
doubling down saying they were based
quote on science and years of experience
which in his defense we believe stems
from the recently published double-blind
placebo-controlled Wranglers make
study I can search that one on PubMed my
eyes are still in question me yes faded
glory why are you picking on India that
story right that's exactly what I'm
making it too easy India he's on
television although they probably look
at our country with this next story and
say you don't know to I say okay you got
a point because Robert DeNiro says that
there's no use in reaching across the
aisle at all to Trump supporters though
in a recent interview he said the people
that I care about all those young people
who demonstrated their the future they
know they say we'll remember November
they're the ones who feel the way we do
not the way the gun lovers and the NRA
do with all that idiocy to the point of
absurdity he then said we're at a point
with all of us where that's beyond where
this is beyond trying to see another
person's point of view there are ways
you can talk about that or at a point
where the things that are happening in
our country are so bad and it comes from
Trump he went on citing examples blaming
Trump of course for a lackluster economy
political divisiveness as well as rocky
and Bowl
Winkle Stardust analyze that
hide-and-seek the family grudge match
the intern the big wedding dirty grandpa
Meet the Fockers Little Fockers his
entire post 2006 catalog aside from
silver linings playbook and alimony
slash child support to two ex-wives you
you're a bad president I don't think
that's a yes it is it's the bad
president at best I've heard people
describe intern as cute yeah which is
the last review raving review any
director wants to hear also the first
time Anne Hathaway has been associated
with anything called cute yeah yeah how
do you feel about the Godfather it's
cute cute that's right that's what we
were going for personality yes alright
speaking which we have to move on to our
dive inside the YouTube shooting it's
odd isn't it that we we're not talking
about her at all yeah it was as quickly
as it came it went Keyser söze it's just
gone like if I didn't win her so
everything everything we know like that
like the pollen in my eyes oh I don't
have a watch people are saying um coke
[Laughter]
fix the Danny Lyons everything yes to
fix it that's that's everyone knows it's
the antidote it's add to cope with you
fly antidotes in the most surprising
places like stake snake venom needs just
a different different kind of snake
venom pollen cocaine plant
it's another plane it's natural right
that's the look it's natural men what's
those cocaine I don't fool around with
anything synthetic just cocaine for this
cowboy
none of that methamphetamine I don't
know where that's been pure coke uh
everything we know about it
okay know some Dom xxx Adamo my
pronouncing that cred correctly there
spend computers at the pronunciation I
think so yeah there we go
yeah great I feel great that I go I go
to you for my information to make sure
that I'm correct I think so not really
sure my mind was somewhere else I was
thinking about how he screwed up
throughout history we really haven't
gotten the Trier replace him with Google
home yes wipe our history 39 years old
Iranian heritage PETA activist vegan she
wounded three shot herself as we call it
a happy ending
so uh happy she shot herself uh and also
by the way forensic scientists believe
the damage could have been much worse
had she had any b12 in her body or if
she were a man women aren't even good
masters so here's a mamey mess you does
you haven't and by the way for everyone
wondering what what happened here
there's there's a there's a lot of
evidence strong evidence that this
shooter had a problem with mental
illness don't believe me two ears tail
the tape
hello FBI I have a yeah she looks like
Michael Jackson in transition I and when
she looks like Michael Jackson after
it's a transition in a parallel universe
where the surgery was conducted with
nothing more than spent up garbage parts
from a salvage yard us so one thing that
really struck me and this is why I'm
really curious what the rest of you have
noticed is the difference now the media
covered this versus other shootings have
you guys seen this they're still talking
about parkland no mention of Sutherland
Springs no one mentioned the YouTube
shooting at all it was the biggest the
second biggest tech company I guess the
first biggest tech company because it's
Google yeah but YouTube right behind
Facebook I think the biggest website is
Google than Facebook and then YouTube I
believe number one two and three so
barely shooting at the number three
arguably number one tech company no
headlines already gone two days look at
the HuffPo in the last story on MSNBC
you can see this here and as something
that I loved about Huffington Post they
said look they go motives still unclear
notice one thing it's the police officer
they don't even show her mugshot they
don't even show her picture anytime it's
a male shooter white male shooter it's
just Dylan roof it's right up there this
is the faith face of domestic terrorism
now they just show the cop because like
let's show the white male involved in
our reporting as well because every time
I go to a comic book movie now I just
assume it's full of mass shooters
because they they'll look like they all
like the mass shooter yeah it should
mean you don't see many of this uh
what's her name miss Sam AG dham dham
probably not gonna be in Avengers age of
Ultron oh she did um or didn't have
energy as something else it was also
really striking I didn't notice a lot of
people writing about this Mashable let's
see if you can spot the difference here
between the actual picture and Mashable
yep yeah well that's that they lightened
this again and her eyes even the face
get the skin is one thing that's like
okay maybe that's just a filter maybe
there's Instagram that bad boy but the I
colored I the filter they took their
iphone wand and put it that was the
whole one that was meant to remove
redeye now we're just gonna change the
actual Tanner for us it's very
reminiscent a miss Stacy her name is
Stacy now and she transitioned to Stefan
white male terrorist reminiscent all of
this I think of it remember the Fort
Lauderdale shooting I don't remember
this I was beside myself
Esteban Santiago's who's labeled a white
Hispanic I don't know what that means
oh my god white Hispanic and of course
part of the reason for this difference
is that it didn't for the narrative of
the white male shooter which is what the
leftist media loves to claim is the
trend this doesn't go with it another
clip oh you know going up oh it's like
that dancing baby gift when the internet
first started combined or the child's
nightmare was about it makes me feel so
much better about this show production
buddies way up here it does you said you
had something you wanted to say on this
well I didn't this happened in
California I mean correct me if I'm
wrong but strong gun pretty strict gun
laws there in California also by the way
YouTube Google not not a hotbed for gun
culture which is also just even more
damning because you sent a woman into a
virtually gun-free State and she still
couldn't come up with anything she did
injure three people yes but she shot
herself yes
UH one print by the way no listen I it's
always sad when someone knows his life
but not equally sad when you gotta be
one one yeah when you shooting at other
people it's like I mean this way if I
had the power if I could do that what do
you call the pot is it ESP what's the
power you can actually control people
with your minds if I'd the Jedi that's
if I were there at YouTube that's
exactly what I would do if she were
shooting at people I'd go the breaks
Thomas all coming up after the break one
trend is that we do see is that just
like the parklands shooting for aurora
we are looking for actual trends police
were warned beforehand yeah but did
nothing now to be fair they claimed that
they didn't have any reason to detain
her and that's that's obviously if you
can't just detain someone for no reason
so again tail the tape
[Applause]
yeah I mean what does it take for their
house and bring him to the quiet room
with the white jack and the arms crossed
let me get her an intern or something
and for crying out loud the standards
have become so stringent in a long time
ago you know you said the fridge was
talking to you they put you in a pool
and gave you electroshock therapy this
frauds uploading like it's her job I
can't do anything that is a hard balance
though obviously people you can't you
can't infringe on people's rights just
because someone says she's crazy Fred
listen I don't know a whole lot about
Iran this could be the norm for all we
know she could be batting a hundred for
non-crazy Iranians I have no idea I know
about her and achma dinner John and
Annie Cyrus and she seems normal so I
guess that's the only contrast the real
trend and we'll talk about this trial
was with Thomas so after this whoa
what do you think this had it what it
wasn't white male no it wasn't politics
wasn't religion what do you think this
has had in common with other mass
shootings ninety-eight percent of public
mass shootings in fact gun-free zone it
was committed in a gun-free zone also
something else that we don't talk about
do you know you know another another
commonality here notice that it was
