ladder with Crowder studios is protected
exclusively by Walther hopper
[Music]
look
how many subscribers you got in YouTube
sudden when you crossed over that 1
million mark
you are beautiful could have been the
next PewDiePie
[Music]
an Asian skank we gotcha for a lawyer
raised your profile too fast it wasn't
him not gay Jared it was you you
remember that night at South by
Southwest you told me it'd be a great
idea to crash chain Twitter's panel you
said it'd be a great idea a great idea
we were demonetized before that
broadcast even went wine so what happens
 we go gets direct support from
youtuber what do I get
a one-way ticket to D monetization bill
you were my produce in that cage ed you
should have looked down for me a little
bit should have taken care of me just a
little bit so I wouldn't have had to do
those web-based security ads for the
short-end money I got you in the myspace
trending list you saw some clicks you
don't understand I could have had class
I could have been at DePaul I could have
been somebody instead of a mug club
salesman bump which let's face it not
gay Jared is what I am it was you not
gay Jerry
[Music]
okay okay
that's all YouTube couldn't find you
here
take this walk our PPS with extended mag
and Crimson Trace laser you're gonna
need it
that's a high quality item yes
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
with you that is the sound of the
weekend it's a Thursday live stream Jim
Norton and Ben Shapiro on Today Show
also today's show brought to you by
hoppers trim it all I blew my back when
I blew him back and I have a ruptured
disk and I didn't warm up properly today
doing deadlifts was so loud that the guy
who cried Jim heard a popular you hurt
your back I said yeah it's funny
leave me in video studio as always as
Jaron who is now gay follow him on
Twitter at not gay Jared me at s Crowder
with your thoughts your comments your
photo shops I'm a meme now no big deal I
fulfill my legal obligations during
conclusions are we good I'm not a meme
it's my goal and at G Morgan G but you
took the picture and I just eat him up
for new still look it simplified we're
not gonna hire you jail what's one of
the day done well we've got the lorenz
Perrier like just a little baby bottle
here for ya hey fan computer with the
overlays ready no seriously hopper I've
found this how to ask the vet an
armistice at the CVS is it yeah it's the
same paint it seems like it's the same
paint does it cost less I don't know but
these pills expired in like 2016 which
is a good thing it's a good it's a good
thing because it shows that I'm not an
addict I don't know if it's an opiate or
opioid watch your rock you start but the
bad thing is I took that it's very years
ago most to your point the latter most
comedians cannot claim they have that
you know two year old pills wolf of
wallstreet is gonna hit you a question
of the day is do you think we're going
to talk about this obviously in light of
the West Virginia story do you think
public schoolteachers are woefully
underpaid that seems to be the the
acceptance among society today I
disagree all right why are you laughing
because that statement is so hilarious
all we do is pay them more you don't
deserve it in the world is teaching I'd
say killing bin Laden news of the day
McDonald's is flipping its trademark
arches upside down to honor women on
hashtag International Women's Day
really McDonald will flip its logo
upside down to form a W on all digital
channels including its Instagram and
Twitter feeds and a hunter restaurants
will have special packaging crew shirts
and hats and bag stuffers for honest so
grab them by the gold
arches and jumping on the feminist
bandwagon of course Wendy herself will
also be going topless oh you know
Chipotle just shamelessly released a
taco bowl with 50% less Listeria that's
almost tasteless and not related to
women's day I don't know who's gonna go
over well off for feminists because I
think that I think McDonald's is half
the reason they're gelatinous and single
so I don't think they're gonna buy ounce
that now by the way with the W consent
in there they're not gonna buy it
because they've already bought a lot of
it 1 billion served that could read okay
800 million feminists served the rest is
a take a guess but a world by way this
was fascinating every now and then you
get a story that's just a fill the
world's oldest message in a bottle was
found by a beach walker in Australia
comes from The Guardian the bottle have
been thrown overboard from a German
sailing ship in 1886 Wow across the
Indian Ocean there did you know this
this come from a German story spin
computer I don't think so that's why you
don't get to plug your Twitter he's not
even ready want to go luckily the
discovery of the message in a bottle was
caught on tape
[Applause]
it's the international language the
universe is telling you that if Trudeau
had collected that someone would be sued
yeah although I hate hit the
notification bell if you're watching on
YouTube because subscribing doesn't mean
anything anymore so if you want to be
notified of our videos and not have the
Google of Lord stop it you'll hit the
back a woman was arrested for attempted
I'm gonna talk about public school
teachers but this is a story that's more
important a woman was arrested for
attempting to trick Albuquerque
authorities yesterday when she claims
she had a prescription for medical
marijuana and suspicions were all but
confirmed when she informed them that
her copay would be toothless blopps it
can be speaking a bunch of new study
shows that marrying your first cousin is
not as bad as we thought it was
conducted over seven years by a data
scientist and Columbia University and it
shows that it's okay to marry your first
cousin as long as your children do not
marry their first cousins mmm yeah just
come up somewhere yeah yes third cousin
Andy oh by the way fun fact
20 states today still allow cousin
marriage and we'll talk about them West
Virginia is not amongst them that's
that's hilariously surprising it's the
forbidden fruit of theirs yes that's
where they do the lie really West
Virginia here's the thing now here's the
fun extra bump act as sexual
relationships with said cousin totally
permissible Hans if M can be there can
you fact check there's that true yes
that is true okay that is so sexual
relation allowed with your cousins in
Virginia but not married oh hey hey you
make an honest woman out of her you
divorce her
and bangin on the side that's what
separates us from the beasts of the sea
stringing her along would just be
indecent it would just
torchy commit don't you commit way the
fact that someone at Columbia took seven
years to study this is he to watch list
somewhere probably so they came back as
a peer-reviewed make it just can't be
two generations down he's got a first
cousin I liked her taking his rights
first and do passes later for him grab
my the golden arches Israel is in the
process by the way of building a Jewish
Disneyland oh good designed by rabbis
and it's as fun as it sounds
the very company high-tech it tech is
planning a theme park based on Jewish
values and it will feature Torah themed
rides Jewish cultural cuisine and a Fast
Pass Lane actually for patrons to
about rising ticket prices I have to see
the pass to Hershey Park about
eighty-five it sucks
how are you first by the way not a
country just so you know but always
trying to keep up this development is
prompted Palestine to break ground on
their new theme park six over Gaza Strip
yeah look at all the children having fun
and they're humans and they're human
shield that was almost immediate that
happened fast
firing an ak-47 we have Jim Norton will
be honest gonna be relaxed day because
am i doing what the pain pills by the
way I'm getting better or is that from
no one here who tomatoes Carter so
here's one thing I wanted to talk about
today we've talked about it on the show
but haven't really gotten in depth I
know I'm gonna get some flack for this
us place the question of the day many
people have the idea in their head that
schoolteachers are severely underpaid
public servants where do they get that
month here is the fact that teachers are
just going to have to keep accepting
lower salaries despite the importance of
our job of their job but we as a society
of decided that teaching is not that
important it's only because we make that
decision we're the taxpayers we're the
ones who decide how much the teachers
get and we won't pay them not only don't
we pay teachers what they deserve to be
paid in other countries that have better
test scores than ours you hear about
that all the time actually teachers get
paid much more on an even standard with
professionals or engineers and in other
walks of life although some do tell you
my sister by the way how's your brother
teaching actually pays pretty you're the
truth they actually paid pretty well and
so one thing I know it's unpopular
scipios it's the most important job no
not really
it's really not by the way you know are
we paying are we paying Eloy Clinton's
hairstylist on a curve what is going on
it just seems like you go back in
history like oh it was always bad yeah
he's never changed wasn't ladies they go
through that crossover age I was like
I'm just gonna cut it short now and do
this sort of flock of seagulls she's
always done that it's like Taco Bell to
keep revamping it but it still just says
the same exact thing yeah so teachers
are actually paid well let me lay the
case up for you no I'm not saying the
teachers too aren't important they
shouldn't be paid what they're worth
that is not what I'm saying
hold your comments let's compare them
first to other government workers school
jobs okay some of the better paying ones
out there see this first chart from the
Bureau of Labor Statistics they received
more than two times the benefits of
employees in the private sector by the
way the average public school teacher
comes to us I think national view more
than double the benefits package
received by typical workers well private
sector so when we take the benefits into
account overall compensation is actually
higher than private sector teachers
which listen shouldn't surprise you
obviously yeah public dole they're gonna
be paid more than private teachers yeah
they don't do better by the way test
scores aren't better now well here's
something we haven't even
yet we've compared to the other
government workers to private private
school teachers they only make nine they
only worked nine months out of the year
yeah yeah there's only thing nobody
talks when we talk about what they're
paid so the average salary for a public
school teacher is about fifty-seven
thousand dollars okay not nothing that's
a lot
no it's but if we prorate that for
working twelve months not even clued in
the benefits by the way instead of nine
teachers will be making seventy six
thousand dollars seventy six thousand
dollars well above the average salary by
the way for workers with a college
degree so if we're gonna do that because
I don't want it well you can't these
people they go to college okay let's not
just compare them to McDonald's worked
or 5 or 15 it is higher than the average
college degree worker and in line with
the median salary for workers with
master's degrees or higher she's seventy
seven thousand dollars by the way
something else it doesn't matter what
your test scores are doesn't matter how
your students are doing you're paid that
amount and they're nearly impossible to
fire even if they suck you'd have to be
given the Kevin Spacey treatment to your
students time yes I for them to even
consider getting you out of a rubber
room and then it'll take you about a
year and a half to two years to go yes
yeah well you're gonna say something
yeah so I I think it's it's just
absolutely seen I had never heard that
clip by the way that you played at the
beginning when they were saying the
teachers just accept lower and lower pay
lower pay like I just I just laughed out
loud because I'm like I didn't even know
that was out there in the narrative
okay listen so here's what's gonna
happen this year we're not I know you
were expecting a 12% we're gonna give
you a two-and-a-half percent raise this
year you're cutting our pay yeah it's
actually called the race and every
single time that this this argument
comes up to like it's for the children
it's for the children
our scores are terrible we do nothing
but throw money at the problem we spend
what we're like ranked fifth in the
world and spending per student 40% more
than other OECD countries out there and
you're telling me that you need to raise
teachers and you still suck are you
serious where else listen I'm sorry that
the overlays were not prepared I'm sorry
the sketches were edited but um I feel I
can't fire me just what was it waiting
for Superman was the film about and they
talked about in New York right so yeah a
long time ago this filmmaker was a
leftist but was a lipstick lad and they
jumped all over the film
because it showed kind of corruption of
teachers unions yeah by the way once
about money in politics I always talk
about big oil Koch brothers not even
close to the money being bandied about
by public sector unions yeah Jews are a
big one in it I'm some thing which
bumper stickers you see all the time I
know I've talked about this ad nauseam
this idea that we're spending more on
the military than tits like this paltry
sum that's left them no actually our
total spending on education is 946
billion dollars annually compared to
eight hundred and thirty five billion
for military including by the way
veteran care ok so it's important to
note that just the bumper sticker
doesn't necessarily it's not accurate
no they're skewing the step because
eighty-five percent roughly comes from
state and local governments not federal
by the way all of your parents people
watching they all went to school before
there was a National Department of
Education there okay and the test scores
are fine
some would say they're almost easier to
employ than Malloy yeah you want to see
the pay rate pay rate go for teachers
get rid of public education
tomorrow complicate completely get rid
of it well get rid of no get rid of the
federal Department of Education but it
states no get the state's out of it sell
all the land let private companies come
in have a base for people who can't
afford to go and watch how people can
now instead of paying property tax that
goes towards it okay so you're talking
out of school like I scrolled out your
program
no I'm saying get rid of the schools
yeah yeah yeah well so they can't yeah
exactly so the poor poor family even
there though you don't have to go that's
you don't even go that far you can still
keep public education in the states
allow them to do it and give the kids a
voucher so they can take it to at least
but right now we have an educational
system where you have no choice
whatsoever you have it just depends on
your zoning district teachers can't be
fired and our test scores suck and we're
spending more on this than our nuclear
arsenal
by the way our military up also needs to
it needs to hold up the star wars
defense system for Canada the Germans
aren't that what are the Germans given
the knate knate Oh aren't they skimping
on the bill there don't they owe more
than they've been paying no comment yeah
comment when it comes to plug in his
social media that's right when it comes
to shaming his country and rightfully so
nothing all right so according to CNN
actually West Virginia now they ranked
there this is the big
havelis for the story because I just got
a 5% raise okay
West Virginia is a great example this is
in the news recently they ranked 48th in
the nation in terms of how much they pay
their teachers so people go well okay
they're long overdue until you realize
they ranked 51st in SAT scores which
when I first read it I thought that must
be a typo no there are marvelous where
else do you rank below the number of
Rights and it's legit West Virginia they
ranked 48th in terms of 51st for SAT
scores so I actually say that's pretty
generous in any case here to discuss it
with us is Jed our West Virginia
Teachers Union correspondent Jed can you
hear us yes yes sure I can hear you
great okay so Jed so what do you say to
the skeptics out there critics who say
the 5% raise was unwarranted considering
your state already is 48 for pay but
51st for SAT scores that's huge that's
that dead last Jed if you work all right
no no say I'm afraid you're mistaken
Stephen if you do the arithmetic now
hold on
if you Adams together you got the 48 and
/ - 51 even that's not things Jed I
think oh no hold on hold on together now
if you put in together uh and you you
subtract the numbers supposed to be uh
you realize the disparity wage gap
painting of thanks Stephen I'm afraid
you're mistaken okay how's that well now
hold on hold on I am 45 46 and together
yeah two hundred forty six thousand
hundred Stephen which is pretty much
what I figured
I don't know paid and dimes yeah no I'm
entirely positive that's wrong well it's
not my fault my phone didn't do the flop
there's been no update there's not been
an absolutely been an update David I
don't get it not at all not even close
no I've taken afraid you're mistaken
okay Jed so listen you're ranked dead
last your schools are strained budget
wise as it is so you and your fellow
teachers are getting erased logic says
that the money's got to come from
somewhere do you know what they're going
to be cutting to make up for it or where
do you think they should that's all you
care about Stephen as cuts cuts cuts cuz
we don't need any more cuts the day our
air for C to host a bake sale the fun
enable tschappat teachers get the bunny
they deserve French you'll be a bright
day for our American Alison
oh good good what's out I'm gonna get my
home and leave
okay Jed our West Virginia's teachers
union correspondent will be up after
this with Ben Shapiro more pleasant
[Music]
now like any commercial break this
announcement is for fans of the louder
with Crowder program the viewers
listeners and downloaders joined under
the umbrella of comedy I hope a lot of
