yes you don't want to use those services
there is an open and unmediated internet
that you are allowed to publish whatever
you'd like on but you're gonna use the
social network that's created by
somebody else then you aren't beholden
to their rules sure we see the issue
here right you're the one who has a
problem with their rules really glad to
have our next guest I think he thinks
that I'm the boogeyman that's usually
people think when they come on this show
if they don't necessarily come from the
same political persuasion you can follow
him on Twitter at Josh Conn steam he's a
writer for TechCrunch misra constant
thank you for being here sir thank you I
mean I'm glad to have you now are you
are you here out of your own free will
or do we need to notify the authorities
there's someone putting the lotion on
its skin there that background oh yeah
I'm here on my own volition I'm hoping
to have a good civil discussion about
some really important topics okay so
you're not you are in fact this is your
own basement no this is the TechCrunch
office oh okay nice eh just boosting
morale in what happened Bob listen Josh
I wanted to talk with you because I saw
your article up here at TechCrunch and
it was titled silenced by free speech
and which you were putting forth I don't
want to misrepresent your putting forth
I get some solutions assertions
regarding the policing the treatment of
speech on social media platforms not
gonna lie I come at this from the other
point of view so I'd love to hear what
it is I guess in your own words you were
asserting with the article yeah so
modern social networks there's just a
fundamental in Korean currency with
being completely and unabashedly open to
all forms of replies and insults and
harassment and being a place for civil
discussion of important issues well well
you know free speech is critically
important that right was not designed
with the with in mind with people being
able to come to you shout in your face
and say these are their beliefs everyone
is welcome to speak their own beliefs
but I don't think other people are
necessarily obligated to listen or
that speech come into their house you
know whether you call that you somebody
coming into your front door and
screaming at you or coming to your
Twitter profile and screaming at you and
so I believe the social networks need to
do more to protect people from this kind
of harassment that's not protecting
people from having their own points of
view nobody should be censored for
having those perspectives if they're you
know tweeting them on their own profiles
but when it comes to replies where a lot
of this abuse happens I think that there
needs to be some changes made and
Twitter has announced a bunch of changes
to promote safety on its platform but
none of them right now address the
fundamental problem which is in replies
and so in silence by free speech I
discuss how well some social networks
have put up a defense that they're being
completely Pro free speech but in doing
so they're allowing harasser to actually
silence other people by bullying them
into being quiet and so Kay yes yeah but
you kind of unpacked a few things there
do you mind if I ask a couple of
questions sure so you started off with
the First Amendment so I'm interested so
why you started off there and mentioned
the founding fathers mentioned how it
wasn't they couldn't have conceived sort
of this inner connectivity as you put it
in your article first off before we get
off on that do you believe this is a
First Amendment issue or a Facebook
Twitter and YouTube have the right to do
what they want as a business issue
because you start off asserting First
Amendment wasn't designed with this
technology in mind yeah this is about
what Facebook and Twitter are doing on
their platforms as businesses they are
not a hold into to unequivocally allow
any type of speech even so that is where
what I'm discussing here but then why
start with First Amendment and then go
into businesses have the right to do it
with what they want to do that they're
completely separate they're unrelated
you invoke the first they're not
unrelated unfortunately because these
companies are saying that the First
Amendment and the free end free speech
are why they're allowing this abuse so
this is their their rationale for for
not policing their platforms or for
protecting victims is that it's all part
of free speech they're the ones pointing
to the First Amendment they're the ones
appointed in the first minute and that's
why the first paragraph and of your
article and the first thing you
mentioned is the First Amendment did not
account for this technology so that's
your argument in response to their
rationale I just want to make sure I'm
understanding this clearly yes okay
let's do that first where does that line
get drawn is it at the printing press is
it with a typewriter and it was a
computer is it with social media where
does the First Amendment still apply the
First Amendment plies to be those own
speech okay so that can be in similar
forms but so what were there was
technology though because that's that's
your assertion is that it didn't take
into account this interconnectivity the
technology that we currently have so I'm
just trying to clarify what your
position is because I'm not entirely
clear in the article and and you went
down a few different paths that I would
like to explore then how does technology
it could not be less relevant well it's
obviously very relevant because speech
is conducted through technology now it
is so I don't understand how you could
think those things are totally separate
they're separate on what you just said
that someone has the right to say
whatever they want but then you say that
the First Amendment didn't account for
current technology so I just asked you
where does it stop and you just said
it's in relation to your own speech so
to the First Amendment for example apply
when you're using the telephone speaking
freely with your family members does it
apply to your town crisis okay if you're
talking yeah if you're talking to
someone who consensually wants to speak
with you on the phone they're allowed to
say whatever you want but if you call
someone at all hours of the night over
and over again to scream at them you can
be charged for harassment sure can be
charged for stalking absolutely and is
it isn't it wonderful that with new
media social media like Facebook Twitter
you can block you can mute I think
that's the fundamental assertion that I
disagree with your presupposition that
people have to listen therefore the
people at the top from the top down at
Facebook Twitter YouTube need to do
something about it no one's forced to
use these applications and no one has to
listen you can't before caller ID and
you aren't a rotary phone someone called
you asked if your refrigerator was
running yet to say dammit and hang up
and hope it didn't happen again
now you know you can block it yeah but
what if somebody kept calling you from
different phone numbers every day a
different phone number you couldn't
block those right but that's already a
violation of the rules exactly but you
couldn't block those phone numbers
you're saying the blocking is fine but
if I called you from a different phone
number every day couldn't block buzzer
great I assume that you're obviously
drawing a connection here to stock
accounts to bought accounts of creating
multiple accounts for harassment
campaigns could I know you've written
about that and I would agree with you
but that's already a violation of the
rules you're suggesting new rules and
stricter enforcement so I guess my
question here is you say that free
speech isn't free if someone is
intimidated by somebody else's speech is
it am i misrepresenting what you've said
there or is that the general premise
yeah you're misrepresenting me here
someone has offended you people are you
know welcome to save views that offend
other people but when you start to
directly reply to people when you're
shoving that that perspective in
somebody else's face it becomes
different it's not about oh you're in
the street saying your point of view
that's so I can just walk away but if
every day you create a new Twitter
account and reply to me and put those
those messages into my timeline into my
own it's different
well it isn't allowed to do it on one
account but that hasn't stopped anyone
from creating new accounts to do that
harassment everyday so that's why I'm
saying that the current block options
are inaccurate okay well again that's
not really that's not really what you're
writing about in your article you're
talking about nothing somatic weapons
already heavily regulated right someone
can buy a semi-automatic weapon and
transform it that's illegal
it doesn't change the fact that it's
illegal it's already illegal to create
targeted harassment campaigns online
it's already illegal to stalk somebody
online people get banned for these
offences and the important thing is for
example threatening somebody you know
grievous bodily harm or calling people
to violent action or continually
targeting harassing the reason that
these policies are in place and aren't
allowed is because they mirror directly
our laws it's illegal to do that going a
step further beyond that which you
suggest in your article then that
becomes as you discuss it censoring
these were your words not mine
then you kind of become the
thought police yeah I'm not asking
anyone to be the thought police I'm just
saying that if you if you force people
to register their accounts to a phone
number then when if somebody is banned
like you said then that ban actually
sticks what you're saying is that the
ban works fine right now and it doesn't
you know that you know that anyone can
create a second account anonymously and
they can harass somebody again even if
they were banned yesterday and so yes
I'm saying that people should have to
register their accounts to a phone
number which makes it much more
difficult to create new accounts to
continue that harassment after they've
been banned for breaking the rules right
so okay so now we're moving for with
with solutions and I appreciate you
actually put forth a solution do you
think that a policy should be an account
directly tied to a phone number that's
at least one way to improve prove the
condition by increasing friction to
creating new harassment accounts okay
other ways to do that other signals
would be requiring that people have been
on the service for a long enough period
of time or that they don't have any
other signals that they haven't been
reported for other violations sure
do you support an tyfa being on twitter
or facebook that has nothing to do with
this topic right now it has everything
to do with it what about black lives
matter what about fight for fact I do I
do support black lives matter okay but
yeah but considering that maybe
something about this specific group but
I'm not aligned so disingenuous your
opinion to theirs because I know for a
fact that you've supported these groups
being on these social media platforms so
do I by the way but again unpopular
speech I have a problem with anonymity
by the way it breeds cowardice we can
both agree on that but unpopular speech
is speech that often needs to be
protected most so let's take int if a
black lives matter fight for 15 for
example they very often most often
aren't tied to an individual person and
phone number account should we shut down
all local chapters of anti phone Twitter
because it's anonymous there's no person
attached to it it's not about anonymity
it's about harassment you just said the
solution was a phone number so if
someone wants to remain anonymous if
somebody wants to send themselves I'm
using an example a very clear example of
which we would have some kind of
precedent here or
that don't set a phone number that don't
attach a private address or name to it
should they be removed well if they if
they create a new account and they've
been suspended for for breaking the
rules then yeah if they want to be able
to continue to reply to people but the
problem is rarely that these groups are
caught in the trouble is when people are
replying specifically to specific actors
and that's where the abuse comes from so
just because an account is anonymous or
is tweeting their own perspectives on
either side of the app on either side of
an issue that's not a problem the
problem is abuse directed at specific
people sure and that's why I that's what
the rules that I propose would help to
come back so we've just abandoned the
idea that you would need a phone number
to be attached to a Twitter account to
be created that that wouldn't apply to
groups no but if you want to create a
new a new Twitter account if you want to
be able to if you don't if you didn't
already register with a phone number
press if you want to be able to continue
to reply to people after being reported
then yeah you would need to register an
account is the standard reporting
because you've written extensively about
mass flagging and mass reporting
campaigns occurring from the alt-right
you've written about this people have
talked about this
so the standard that you just use not me
is being reported and you need a phone
number now you've said well no you
wouldn't need a phone number it's if
you're replying and if you've been
reported so let's say a group like an
tyfa has no phone number attached or
black lives matter or fight for 15 or
whatever it is the SEIU no phone number
attached this is an organization they've
replied they've been reported as
harassing remove them it would depend on
whether they were actually found to have
been harassing this has been reported
this is where we're going who determines
this what's your solution how do we fix
that who determines what is and is not
an infringement of someone else's speech
based on level of offense these services
need to put forward clear Terms of
Service that dictate what is of an
offense that is banned a ball or causes
a suspension thank you very hard to
realize that they already do are
controlling these services need to put
rules in place yes and the rules
currently are inadequate
they certainly are
not preventing abuse as we're seeing
about these produce problems all the
time so obviously they need to improve
their roles so you just said people so
you would you would advocate for human
input yeah you're gonna you're gonna
have to have humans to write these rules
there's no robot that's gonna write this
for you I don't understand the question
okay well let me clarify the question
assume I'm a dummy its algorithmic or
there's human input so Facebook YouTube
Twitter for example have argued that
it's not the byproduct of human input
they vehemently argued that it's
algorithmic now of course people on the
road isn't a so of course people on the
right let me let me finish what I'm what
I'm saying here I appreciate it let you
answer they said it's not human input as
someone personally who was I think your
site actually wrote about this
TechCrunch I certainly know was written
about engaged in Gizmodo when Facebook
was found to have had human input
determining pages that had to be
throttled and could not be viewed there
was Ted Cruz for president Chris Kyle
Foundation and yours truly and we had to
settle this legally so I've been through
this I've experienced it I've
experienced the wrath of human input
once said human doesn't like what you
have to say do you see how dangerous it
would be to simply give over the rights
in this capacity just to someone who can
change by the way it should change on
any given month
what if someone doesn't like what you
have to say next month instead of me
you're confusing completely different
issues you're talking about trending
topics on Facebook which had human
curators that looked at what was
surfaced by the algorithms know and then
you know somehow comparing that to the
rules about harassment there's totally
two different things no they're not
they're not because you talked about you
talked about people replying so we've
gone away from phone numbers we've gone
away from you said you said that humans
would have to determine if it was a
violation or not
did you know humans we posture right did
you okay yeah not you did you not say
that a human would have to determine if
it was a violation of the guidelines or
not Josh yes or no I said that humans
have to write them yes you want human
input so can you see problems with
because you keep trying to move away
from it you made that point I'm not
making it up people can go back to the
tail of the tape so
you were advocating for human input
could you not see how that might be
problematic based on the fact that
humans have inherent biases
yeah humans do have inherent biases but
if you want to write rules for social
networks no robot is gonna write those
rules for you I never said they sure
don't understand how do you how do you
propose on the other side we would
create rules for dictating how
harassment was treated but the rules
were written by algorithms that's like a
science fair never seen the rules damn
no I never no I never said the rules
should be written by algorithms and I
know the tech is kind of your one card
to play so you want to go back to that I
want to go back to what it is that you
said a human should determine what is a
violation of these guidelines you said a
human would have to go in because I said
what if people have rules that are
applied evenly and consistently across
the city who are advocating more human
input correct I'm advocating for human
input to write rules that are then
enforced both by algorithms and by human
moderators yes exactly so you're
advocating for more human input there we
go we've answered that question both on
rules which wasn't my point but
determining what is and what is not
abuse so alt right doesn't like what you
have to say they report you human
happens to be sympathetic to outright
your removed my position here is they
already have rules in place that mirror
the law there's one person for that
there's one person here who's advocating
for more than regulations that would
mirror the law that's yourself and I
haven't really heard a justification for
it again you're willing to give these
freedoms up online to a human to
determine what is and what is not
offensive and it's based on the premise
that you've written about that freedom
of speech is not free if your free
speech or my free speech silences or
intimidate someone else from speaking
freely this is the premise of your
article and I've heard it taught at
colleges across the country what
determines or who determines since
you've decided it should be a who
determines what is and is not okay to
say we're not talking about harassment
it's already not allowed we're not
talking about daxing it's already not
