and carbon-based fuel is the most
efficient source of energy
although second hold on a second ring
ring Angela Merkel oh it's for you she
says that's bullsh alright thanks for
glad to be with you last installment did
was with Jordan Peterson a lot of
feedback people really enjoyed it wanted
to get some more prominent conservatives
on the show just to talk about you know
most pressing issues - the most
requested person was our necks yes and
the topic we'll be discussing today here
in devil's advocate is basically the
merits and the drawbacks of socialism
he's the host of the Benjamin Shapiro
program on The Daily Caller thanks for
your time Benjamin absolutely skylark
heard uh-oh thank you free you
being here so obviously we'll be talking
about socialism if someone is very
popular at your shows where I do a lot
of you know QAS and you're very popular
in conservative circles and far-right
circles and all tried circles I've heard
a lot of this you know socialism is evil
socialism is theft I wanna know why you
believe that to the case I've heard you
talk about it because obviously in
principle I mean will be agree that in
principle it's good you know Old
Testament talks a lot about not
oppressing the poor giving to the poor
often the rich are portrayed as villains
because of their greed so I was a
descendant of the Jewish people and
faith who we're not agree that helping
the poorest among us is is a moral
immoral mission sure I mean that's
called charity but what is not moral is
stealing money for me to give to
somebody else on the part of a
government the points a gun at me that's
that's not an actual thing and the Bible
doesn't talk about that in any way did
the Bible and if we want to talk about
the biblical dictates with regard to
charity yeah
there's Emily Newton Hebrew I mean
there's master there's master Shanee
there's true there's pan like that like
there there's a bunch of different
aspects of Jewish law that talked about
charity but they are all relegated to
the the realm of private charity meaning
that it's more about my obligation to
give charity and less about your
rights to my money so we're supposed to
recognize that wealth belongs to God but
my wealth does not belong to you in the
in the biblical view sure well I was
using ignore as a moral sort of using as
a moral deem I don't really want to get
off on sort of the metaphysical and God
and that kind I don't want to get into
God's definition of what's necessarily
moral but the idea that as a society its
moral to help the poorest among us
especially when we look at systemic
right oppression of the poor as we see
we're not just talking about a level
playing field right we're talking about
a playing field where the middle classes
is shrunken dramatically we're talking
about you know wages have not kept up
with inflation the rich keep getting
richer that gap keeps widening so
there's a system in place which to me
yeah none that's true no that's no
that's actually true is the problem so
actually the middle class in the United
States the upper middle class was about
12% of the population of the United
States in 1979 and by 2014 that was 30
percent of the American population so
the disappearance of the middle class
folks talk about is really the middle
class becoming upper-middle class and
the standard of living for everyone in
the United States has risen dramatically
since 1979 one of the favorite
statistics folks like to cite here is
they say that there's been wage
stagnation in hourly wages since 1979
adjusted for inflation well that's true
it also doesn't not entirely obviously
because it was you know minimum wage
laws which we'll get to in a bit well
the fact is yeah we do that in a second
but the fact is that the wage stagnation
that has taken place does not take into
account additional benefits which is 30
to 40 percent on top of the salary it
doesn't take into account the different
way that we count households then we
used to it also doesn't take into
account the fact that you can get more
stuff for the same inflation adjusted
dollar than you could in 1979 you have a
nicer fridge now than he did in 1979 and
it costs you basically half of what it
would have in 1979 an inflation adjusted
dollars so if you're getting twice as
much stuff for the same buck now that
means that you're basically twice as
rich as you would have been in 1979 and
for anyone who disagrees I would
recommend you go back to 1979 and live
in 1979 and see whether your standard of
living is the same whether you enjoy it
well now we're getting back into the
meta economist Benjamin Shapiro if we'll
have a time-traveling machine let's try
and keep it in you know reality like you
say fax fax don't care about your
time-traveling machine
what about homes
what about homes you know what about
retirement middle-class family today is
much more difficulty affording a home
you know if you go back to the 50s you
could live in a single income household
and have the vehicle have a home retire
at a reasonable age that's not the case
now who really cares if you have you
know Frigidaire in your kitchen well I
mean I've got a couple of things about
this one homes in the United States have
radically increased in size over time so
homes back in the 1950s you can see this
when you go check them out
much smaller than the homes that are
being built now to the increase in home
prices is really because of this massive
urbanization that's happened where
people are rushing into massive cities
and these cities are heavily zoned so
that's created an incredible shortage of
housing in major liberal cities you're
not seeing the same sort of housing
shortages in places that don't have
those same sort of zoning regulations
places like Dallas places in the middle
of the country you're mostly seeing it
in Seattle LA San Francisco New York
places where it's difficult to build new
buildings and where the government has
mandated that you also build affordable
housing tax you heavily created new
regulations that's what's creating a
serious pressure in that sphere right
right so it's a it's the government's
fault I just wanna make sure I have this
this right so it's the government's
fault that people cannot afford homes
it's the government's fault or that peep
that the the wage gap is actually
increasing that the middle class is
shrinking I know you say it's not but we
look at the 1% who are wealthier than
ever before and the rest of the
population right that time oh no the
wealth gap the the fact that there is a
greater disparity between the top tax
bracket the bottom tax bracket is true
but the bottom tax bracket is a lot
richer than it used to be and again one
of the things that is a huge mistake
folks make when it comes to analyzing
economic issues is the suggestion that
if you are in the top 1% you are always
in the top 1% you started there you
finish there you live there you died
there there are people I've been in the
top 1% I've been not in the top 1%
people tend to get wealthier as they get
older and so the upper tax brackets are
disproportionately older than the lower
tax brackets again that movement is
suggestive of the facts that folks are
earning more and less over the course of
their lifetime it's not just like
there's this ingrown cased of people who
are born rich and stay rich inherited
wealth accounts for very little of the
the top tax brackets yeah well you know
I I've heard this talked about a lot
sort of class mobility so I think it's
often referred to what I've noticed it
seem you talk about going back to 1979
you talk about how these people will be
wealthier down the line as they get
older again we're kind of in the realm
of meta economics right things that you
feel will happen down the line but
that's not what's happening with these
people right now
when you're talking about these people
today in 2018 who can't afford to go to
college who can't afford to purchase a
home who can't afford health insurance
right Oh Benjamin Shapiro of The Daily
collars if his ideal world works out
down the line these people will be great
they'll be the next coax or whatever but
today that's not the case
well my deal worked out if my ideal
world worked out what you'd have is
lower prices and better products in
virtually every area of American life
from health care to colleges the fact is
the government subsidies are one of the
areas that's creating upward pressure
and prices when you give a bunch of
people subsidies to go to college what
you are doing is generating additional
supply or additional demand without
additional supply that creates upward
pricing pressure I mean this is a simple
supply demand curve and the fact that
folks on the Left don't seem to
understand this they think that if you
just dumped a bunch of money into free
college education that this is going to
somehow alleviate all of the all of the
economic woes of a society that is
already absorbing the cost of a bunch of
college graduates who can't get jobs
because they majored in silly things
it's it's a little bit bewildering and
in fact it's really interesting a lot of
the socialist countries that socialists
like to talk about the the quad you know
the quote-unquote socialist countries of
Scandinavia they have a lot more heavily
regimented idea of what colleges should
be for I mean if you look at Sweden if
you look at Switzerland there's a lot
more tracking people who are going to
colleges or vocational schools based on
the vocation they wish to pursue liberal
arts majors in in Scandinavia
significantly less of the college
population than in the United States
because they feel like if they're gonna
get the government to sponsor college
degrees at least you should come out
with some marketable skills okay so it's
interesting you point to a lot of these
candidate event countries and we talked
about that on my program quite a bit
Denmark Sweden Norway so it sounds like
you'd be okay with sort of moving toward
the more socialist model they use in
those countries that are really quite
successful we've heard obviously senator
Sanders and people like Cortez talking
about says a lot of people said there
are no successful socialist country I
would point to well I mean and and this
has become the favorite the kind of
favorite tool of quote-unquote
socialists today's to pick countries
that have built their entire wealth
based on capitalism and then have placed
on top of that capitalism some
redistribution of systems then call this
country socialist that's not a socialist
country a socialist country is a country
that uses abolition of profit as a tool
and nationalization of property as a
chief tool and public ownership of the
means of production as the chief tool of
wealth production and distribution
that's not actually what happens in
Denmark or Norway or Switzerland or
Sweden or any of these countries which
is why the prime minister of Denmark
suggested back in 2015 when Bernie
Sanders kept jabbering about Denmark
being a socialist country went to
Harvard Kennedy School government he
said we're not a socialist country or a
capitalist country all of these
supposedly socialist countries ranked
around or higher than the United States
and the Heritage Foundation free
economic Freedom Index than the United
States does which would suggest that
these are these are not actually
countries that are focused sincerely on
regulation of business above all and
redistribution of property through the
means of brigham a jump in there I think
it's important that we you know the
economic freedom index like we're
talking about there Canada was higher
than the United States for a little
longer even though they have a universal
health care plan so it sounds to me like
you're okay with sort of the model that
we see the Nordic model so then would we
be okay with a universal healthcare
program or a single-payer because if you
look at these countries that you just
said right are not socialist but then if
we're trying to mind it here in the
United States people say oh that's
socialized health care Universal
socialist right so the program can be
socialist but the question of communes
hire a country socialist because it has
a socialist program in medicine that's
that's a little bit silly I mean it's
like suggesting that you who have a job
and you bring home money to your family
and then you redistribute the money
among members of your family you have a
joint bank account with your wife this
means you're a socialist no you're a
capitalist who is who uses socialist
methods of redistribution in your own
home it's the same thing with Norway or
Denmark
then we have to look at the efficacy of
those programs we also have to look at
the rights of the people that are being
violated by those programs do you have a
right to your own use of Labour's you
have a right to the the product of your
labor do you have a right to the
alienation of your labor and then we
also have to look at whether any of
those even if you believe that it didn't
violate rights you'd have to look at
whether those programs were adaptable to
the United States which typically they
have not been because the reality is
that in places like Sweden or Norway or
Switzerland what you have particularly
in a place like Norway right is a really
really high level of cultural
homogeneity you know a high level of
capital that exists that doesn't exist
in the United States and quite the same
way so it's Mike's fault
that's one make sure that's what it's
the fault of the blacks know that it is
the fault of cultures that are not its
culture that's right I forgot what the
alright that's the Norwegians ask the
Norwegians have significantly curtailed
immigration from the Islamic world
specifically because they're having
problems of cultural assimilation I
probably have a really good conversation
because they have a higher higher
literacy rate they have more public
education there and of course their
populace is generally healthier because
they have socialized health care and
they spend less on health care their
population is healthier and has been
healthier for decades because they don't
need as much crap as Americans to
virtually all wealth generation that
happened in the Nordic countries
preceded the socialist redistribution
systems that people like Bernie Sanders
Elizabeth Warren of kasnia Cortes loved
Norway was actually ranked higher in
terms of relative health to the United
States in the 1960s and 70s than it is
now and that's because again these are
countries with very high levels of
social capital a tremendous work ethic
sure a certain level of egalitarianism
between men and women that goes back
generations that was not established by
radical feminism and what you've seen is
actually a lot of difficulty in a
similar similar immigrants in Nordic
countries there's a great book called
debunking utopia by nima Sun and Angie
that's that's totally worth reading on
this he's an actual Iranian immigrant to
Norway and he talked specifically about
the shortcomings of immigration in these
places it turns out that it's much
easier to become employed as an
immigrant in the United States than it
is in in Nordic countries yeah well they
also do have better
bitter healthcare outcomes overall was a
lower percentage of their GDP being
spent per average person so I was also
pretty important let me ask you well
care system is a disaster area but
that's that's largely to do with
governmental regulation no not the
blacks it's about it's not about any
particular race obviously it's about a
mishmash of regulation and deregulation
that has created some of the worst of
all possible worlds although the United
States still leads the world when it
comes to five-year cancer survival rates
for example so if you can afford health
care in the United States it's still the
best health care in the world
Benjamin Shapiro really color are you a
Nazi okay we're gonna move on so I've
read that you have made the claim that
capitalism is like consensual sex
socialism is rape and the one thing I
think that's interesting right now that
we're talking about is sort of where the
line is first if I disagree if it's
democratic socialism when we're talking
about the public consenting by a vote
and I know you're gonna say not everyone
goes along with it but that's true of
any law passed right democratically we
have all kinds of look that you'll never
get a hundred percent of people to agree
on a law but in this case we're talking
about socialism versus capitalism do we
really think that's that's a fair
comparison that it's like non-consensual
sex versus rape and where do you draw
the line I mean it seems to me like you
enjoy some some social programs some
socialism is okay you use public roads
if I'm not mistaken roads are the public
roads and public goods generally our
non-rival wrists and non-excludable
that's what makes them public good so
it's not quite the same thing right now
you're talking about
everybody's access to a road that
everyone can use and I can't exclude you
from use of that Road in the same way
that the military is non-rival wrists
and and non-excludable
that's the definition of a public good
that's not the same thing as alienation
of my labor so the question really is
your rights you know when it comes to
sex you have the right to consent or not
to consent when it comes to how I use my
labor I have the right to consent or not
to consent and you voting to remove my
right to consent or not consents does
not alienate the right it just means
that you're violating it that's
interesting that you know you bring that
up ray talking about the right to work
but what about what about
the right for example of people who are
working to be in healthy conditions to
be in at least a humane conditions are
these laws that you support you know
workers rights know what I'm getting
into unionization or collective
bargaining I like what they're
bargaining better than in fact if again
if you want to use these favorite
socialist countries as examples you know
places like Denmark and Norway ik have
have much more use of collective
bargaining by by unions for work
conditions than they have regulation
from the top down because that allows
the workers to actually negotiate with
the employers on what work conditions
should look like I don't have a problem
with private unions getting together
collectivizing and then you know
negotiating with with management but I'm
not a big fan of the idea of a top-down
cramdown that happens from a government
entity that rarely knows how a business
runs and again prevents people from
actually using their labor as they see
fit just not when it's public roads
police or military got it I just want to
make sure that I'm clear on it's not
excludable goods well let's talk about
that none rival it's not excludable
College then that's a great example you
