hey really quickly short library a lot
of people asked if we were going to do
anything special for two million
subscribers like we said we just wanted
to focus on the work continue creating
content that hopefully you know and love
please subscribe at the notification
bell if you haven't already hit the
notification bell because subscriptions
will necessarily mean a whole lot and
Mudd Club is what keeps this going so
right now if you enter in the promo code
at lot of credit calm slash mug Club two
million the number two million you get
$20 off and it ends Friday at 11:59 p.m.
I think Eastern that promo code is
number 2 million enjoy the show
[Music]
louder with Crowder studios protected
exclusively by Walter
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
it's June which Marx lager with
Crowder's third annual cultural
appropriation month where we appreciate
and appropriate all the great cultures
that this world has to offer
this week we whisk you away to the
ancient and reigning world champions and
violations of human rights undefeated
[Music]
it's like a pointer man very unwieldy
[Music]
poppers fine Papi's fight a to the death
to call your first board vice totally
fine he's not even a person behind - he
just sleepy yeah a whole lot for a
twofer before we get to anything else
some fun Egypt facts of course this is
the second to last week and cultural
appropriation month you send in you win
a costume contest every single week or
as the best costume before you do
anything eat of facts number one
parasites actually caused men to urinate
blood they were so common that the
Egyptians thought that men had menstrual
cycles that is a true fact number two
true facts are gross yeah ii always kept
several naked slaves nearby whose bodies
were smeared in honey in order to keep
the Flies from getting too close to him
so practical ladies man chivalry's not
dead
also women aren't granted citizenship at
all i don't know we have been Shapiro on
the show we've anthony Kumi on the show
today i'm happy to have back and we have
a Richard painter on the show and the
coach of the South Korean soccer team
whose name escapes me because I can't
pronounce it yeah young producing with
me in video studios always as dear to is
not gay follow on Twitter at not kid you
meet us cried or with your comments your
thought your photo shops your costumes
this we up I fulfill my obligations
drawing conclude conclusion somebody
help me
are we good we're good now we'll fix
that in post at G Morgan Jr what's the
wine of the day Pharaoh moans Pharaoh
oh I see did I thought you're gonna have
yeah Manischewitz but you actually
thought of Egypt are those boils on your
face or is that like zit cream
you look like Linus if he did an ad for
Clearasil thank you appreciate that I
think it's supposed to be some kind of a
skin disease yeah sperm computer are you
ready are the overlays I'm ready with
you yeah I'm a little sad the Angel of
Death killed killed both my babies but
they gave me opportunity to learn how to
juggle so that's that's good least they
were designed for a purpose yeah but
it'll start though I'm so sad and what
will cheer me up though is if people
find a way to be in follow me yet so no
see what happened there question of the
day before we get to NATO topics listen
with the situation with the deportation
of the families the border and Trump
being blamed for it and Facebook and
Twitter the average of politicians are
we supposed to assume that nobody now
has
anymore to actually know where this cop
from where this policy stems will talk
about this with ben shapiro will give
you a brief timeline after this I am
amazed tell me I want to hear from you
guys what you think because a lot of
people started off the week when I can't
believe President Donald Trump did this
and said oh this is effectively been in
effect since 97 what's happened these
pictures are from 2014 what's wrong also
second question do all Asians look alike
I contend that not all but most oh yeah
the vast majority we actually covered a
story that said that I'll talk to you
better in a minute yeah we're gonna talk
about a minute it's part of the funniest
story I've seen all week aside from the
dumpster fire
so to start off with a little good news
a lot of people say sometimes a little
bit dark when you start the show so some
of the sliver of light today Peter Fonda
was ripped from his Beverly Hills home
and shipped to timeshare with Kevin
Spacey so that's a good way to start the
day there we go
Spacey looks a little too happy to be
surprised it's appointed it's not good
for him well I think there's at a
certain point you're so old that you're
young again no it's like high-waisted
jeans fear you're to lose your eyesight
only with confetti so this videos gone
viral this week Democratic US Senate it
you said it at Senate guys got some
Harun no I can't pronounce my words the
Democrats gave a democratic whatever a
Senate a candidate for this US Senate
who's a Democrat Minnesota I've got to
say my name say my name got that one
Minnesota uh this is not a joke Richard
painter
this was his ad in its entirety take a
look
some people see a dumpster fire and do
nothing but watch the spectacle some are
too scared to face a danger or they
think it will benefit them if they just
let it keep on burning others shrug and
say oh all this talk of a dumpster fire
it's just fake boobs there is an inferno
raging in Washington but here in the
land of 10,000 lakes we know how to put
out a fire
hi I'm Richard painter and I approve
this message
so before you get mad at us he has not
had a stroke he is not how no no he's
definitely not out of stroke II there
was an interview may have but he
personally denied it that's that's what
Atticus says when you said interview he
said I was going to bring it up oh we
could say he looks like a Clint
Eastwood screwed a Ron Perlman
then have a stroke yes I'm trying to
think as bad as that ad is apparently
the taping of the the ad was actually
way worse and you know we get our hands
on exclusive foot we have a lot of
plants here at levels Crowder and we
actually have some some real some b-roll
or somehow it takes of some exclusive
footage from that ad some people see it
dumpster fire do nothing but watch the
spectacle some are too scared to face
record low unemployment Rick and a job
participation a booming stock market
intervene the pundits survey three or
four Asian American cities are plagued
by Dempster fans only you can prevent
dumpster fires by voting for me so
dumpster fire is a term that all the
kids are using now it's thermally okay
it's cool the nerd the seed I took a
dump in the fire
Donald Trump took a dump in the fair the
fire it was always burning when trend
started turning
temperature first can we say kirbridge
fear it's easier for me to save and
dumpster fare the buyers the land of a
thousand leaks here in the land of a
million leaks we have a lot of lakes
here in Minnesota at least we used to
the fur all the dumpster fairs is it as
simple as that America I think so when
you think Richard painter Hey
dumpster fair Richard painter for US
Senate because only he can prevent
observers that's why I'm always change
my mind I've talked about this I am the
least objective person at watching
anything that we do that isn't
character-driven yeah I have to trust
you guys in like listen just i can't
watch myself please let me know how this
turns out he had no one around him to
say no this is a disaster zone and they
just got done capitalizing on
embarrassing conservative ads and then
their own team does and i noticed they
do that the leftist blogs has never show
the video they just put on quotes it's
only in quotes they don't want to show
you yeah it's just it's like woat lee
screenshots because they want they've
been cast the film before they've had a
live read speaking of these lines ringo
Fleming by the way the BBC has a new
report on the Arab world's quote only
gay radio station station plays music
and issues are discussed in depth but
LGBTQ contributors LGBTQ they haven't
added the QIO a little on the they don't
identify themselves as sexually active
on-air come to the roof so really um if
you actually listen to radio it's it's
just gay karaoke with the lyrics changed
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
like okay well I'll just have to take
your word for it if I'm not tuning in
for it's not getting my heart to radio I
don't care they've gained everything I
don't want none of your mailings tell me
I was coming the bagels pooping is
dangerous and creates the same pain as
childbirth for sloths I knew this is
just a it's a sloth only release their
bobbles once a week the act of pooping
occurs in the forest floor which can be
a dangerous place for sloths as
predators lurk there and matters are
made even worse when they reach sloths
digest so it's about half of the sloths
fatalities occur doing this rich know
they refer to as a ritual I just thought
I don't know like this just goes to tell
that the endangered species list is
 yes it's complete another crime
of looting if we stopped hunt I don't
know if anyone's hunting sloths but if
we stopped all of it tomorrow half of
them would still die from pooping 50%
chance of dying they say at the toilet
or actually 100% if you're famed rock
star sloth sloth Presley or Elvis la
flee to the animation he's still alive
but I'm like with childbirth you'd have
to hear the sloths complain about
constipation for nine months oh it is
true lots of constipation that I I read
about the annual pony festival yeah it's
just happened it's not what you think
where people compete in events and
classes just the same as real horses
this is where and these events are very
competitive just like a regular horse
show we end up people go down over and
jump you failed at a pony festival sir
this is that's what I watched that clip
look you failed at a human foot meeting
okay let me put this in a context
there's normal society okay
superior by the way to Pony fetishists
in every way okay then there's a long
layer including ventriloquist social
justice warriors an X Fox News hosts
soccer players and finally there's Pony
fetishes and then there's you even
Carrie is looking down from heavens
think that's kind of embarrassing
Macaulay Culkin was like what do you do
with your life they say this comes from
the only kid Michael Jackson I think it
was just a genius move I love how dear
old wasn't saying anything today
Oh quiet well he's grieving this next
one's right down center plate for you
two people were arrested in Oklahoma
City for having drunken sex in the
middle of an intersection well nothing
would sound out of the ordinary until
you see their mug shots look at the mug
shots woman pleaded not guilty to charge
the bestiality in the great state of
Oklahoma includes but is not limited to
the rock eater from the neverending
story what your face looks like a your
face looks like a cliff you know you
must have a huge I get laid in an
intersection I don't care how drunk she
was but Your Honor in my defense I was
so wasted I thought he was the nothing I
was buzzed he looked like a tray you we
made some bad decisions oh what a good
movie I regret all the things mostly
living in Oklahoma no but I'm fortunate
to have the child in my life oh my gosh
giving her it's gonna be painful come on
a passing the biggest kidney stone ever
so Dale Altman's now a marijuana farmer
was cut off by the erupting a Chloe
volcano he refused to give up on his
dream claiming that it's his main source
of income and that quote we are not
stupid we thought this out
he says if you look at that image with
the LOB there's nothing left but he has
no power left yeah we're all sitting
here laughing but he actually comes to a
long line of experienced narcotic
creators and distributors like his
brother actually who grows opium poppies
in the tornado Valley so he's a good
there you go
yeah and his uncle who built a meth lab
next to the lair of Godzilla yeah
insights 20/20 hindsight is always 20/20
and I pick about our spots I mean
there's Walmart parking lots everywhere
I will not leave my pot plants even
though I literally molten lava acid
ranges the skin and air that burns your
lung cavity but I'm not addicted anytime
I want realized even this big farmer
suppresses the fact that marijuana cures
Milton arms yes yes yes its topic pharma
created the volcano which by the way
doesn't exist because the earth is flat
and it would go like this I've seen the
video let's just go through this real
quick because what will really quickly
will speak with ben shapiro about it
trump by the way didn't separate
families this is a whole bunch of
misdirected outrage let's just do a
quick timeline to clear this up okay
sometimes actual journalism happens
first off even it's family
Jason point Britt Baldwin called out I'm
like at her board for Tammy Baldwin over
the blatant hypocrisy look at the clip
so many people in this country are
certainly outraged by the cages and the
thermal blankets and the facilities
housing these kids you know they were
all there in 2014 under President Obama
and my question to you senator Baldwin
is did you speak up against them then
you know on the on this issue that we
trying to I was just lucky that
Broadmoor that's a bold question
actually everyday I'm not joking in my
prayers I ask that he'll come on the
show it's in 2018
that's a bold question are you serious
it's for CNN I mean she just saved come
on this cheenu shouldn't have the answer
take zero balls to ask that question
okay for you she has no balls well you
didn't have to say it this is so the
floor is consent policy by the way was
signing the law under Clinton okay in
1997 direct quote prohibits the federal
government from keeping children in
immigration detention even if they are
with their parents for more than twenty
days okay
that's when the New York Times it's not
fake news okay Republican all right face
book pages from the New York Times your
own sources yes these are your own
sources the Obama administration
violated this policy of course they
angered immigration advocates saying you
detain mothers and their future release
okay so this week agencies began
enforcing the immigration law with a
zero tolerance policy has been increased
yes and parents being detained of course
and children being released into these
what they call tender care facilities I
know I'm not a big fan of the name
either it's amazing what happens what
happens to statistics when you go from
0% enforcement to 100% exactly 100% if
you go from 0% to any person to any
percent and yesterday of course Donald
Trump signed an executive order to end
all this because you can't you know the
polls yeah children live them from 2014
just so you know so that's what we'll
talk about more anything else that I
missed I just think we've lost our
ability to have rational thought with
this this is crazy it's a no-win
situation on both sides 14 Obama's crazy
for doing it now Trump's crazy for doing
it it's like you can't win can we just
build a wall please and be done soccer
team on the border I don't know what is
just so stupid about this Bibi is that
the executive and the transformation
administration is blamed for executing
the law I know it's a legislative straw
to change it yeah but the only acting
like Trump as a guy
he just recites what is being done
exactly well did he decide to
unfortunate yeah these agents decided to
start a four songs laws but exactly it
is the law that's the issue now if you
have someone who doesn't respect rule of
law it doesn't mean that the rule of law
is not a thing that it's a figment of
your imagination and it doesn't mean
that it's a human right to be a citizen
of the United States that was the big
thing we did the change my what changed
my mind I build the wall people said why
did you pick this as like a struck that
really were there repeat was Austin
there were professors there was no one
who had any kind of a coherent argument
it was just the walls kind of mean so
we're gonna do it again and hopefully
get something a little bit more
substantive from people but it was
really tough it was hard to pick which
ones to run because no one made a valid
look at like a really competitive
argument no I could nothing convincing
we can paint some cartoon on it then we
gate we gave you the best if we gave you
the cream of the crop yeah what you get
back pac-man all right so another story
that I think is the funniest thing I've
ever heard in my life
south it's the true story I'm gonna be
asking it could do all Asians look alike
or is it racist to think that so South
Korean coach of the soccer team I'm on a
show Shin Taeyang Shin tae-yong I don't
know I have no idea it's he's good he
admitted to pulling a little switcheroo
mixing around the jersey numbers recent
training sessions and warm-up games
because he believes Westerners find it
difficult quote to distinguish between
Asia yeah she did it more specifically
to confuse the Swedes during practice by
the way Snopes it refuses it check true
zero Pinocchio's we'll all right I do
have to be careful with this maybe I'm
gonna pull it back a little so here a
comment action on the controversy now is
South Korean soccer coach I think we
have a right shouldn't a Shin
tae-yong thanks for being here he's so
happy
yeah there's no way it's going to go
well so mr. Jung explain to us why
you're at the center right now this
controversy is jersey around just play
no danger okay right so you had players
exchange jerseys but why and do it to
mess with the Swedes this is another
joke so the bass just makes up players
no danger so you thought they wouldn't
be able to tell your players apart if
they switched jerseys is that what
telepods well I see you guys my boy if
you can't certainly not some filthy
Swede just playing oh like kill Joe no
danger I don't think anyone's
insinuating danger here I'm afraid now
to see all Asians look alike but let me
let you in on the secret this here we
are look alive I know I don't think I
don't think that okay let me show you if
you wouldn't take our Ford some come in
and describe him to police sketch artist
what do you say
I don't know black hair maybe maybe
brown eyes a relatively short oval face
okay okay now if you look at Wong Yuen
he Chen our strike darling how do you
