I see girls in tears and that's because
of your sign you don't know who Brett
Kavanaugh is this man doesn't know who
Brett Kavanaugh is time for the latest
installment have changed my mind
unedited conversations and controversial
topics with an opportunity to
rationalize one's own position as always
comment which topics you most like to
see in the future below today's topic
you've all heard of rape culture and
rape culture isn't that okay
rape culture on college campuses an
example of rape culture March to end
rape culture that rape culture as it's
taught in academia and described in the
media only it's not real now trigger
warning for those of you particularly
frustrated by entirely anecdotal
evidence in the face of empirical data
this episode may prove uniquely
difficult to watch that's just from
people that I know I know a lot of
people on this campus I'm honestly not
talking about empirical data at all and
I don't think we should look at it I
just here go doubt it but what I'm
saying is I see people walking around I
see girls in tears it's all anecdotal
but I know people on campus that have
been raped in and chosen not to report
it okay you're told you how empirical
data is good it's not possible because I
personally know more than 10 people
anyway you get it so this time before I
even got started people were ready for a
discussion
or that I'm sorry to hear that
I've not been raped
no that wouldn't be that wouldn't be
convincing argument I I'm very sorry no
no I think I think yes yes would you
like to sit down I don't generally
consider myself an idiot but
just for her sake I'll play one on TV
this time I allowed her to assume that I
know nothing so that she could teach me
thank you what a bunch of cameras all
set what's your name Maisie Maisie nice
to meet you mate nice to meet you so you
um just yelled this idiot is on campus
and so do you first III want to we are
obviously aware of what we've done oh
yeah rape culture I guess we need to
define how do you define a rape culture
first I had to find rape culture as a an
area a general area where people think
that they can take advantage of other
people due to certain situations which
sometimes include like places like
college campuses where there's a big
congregate of people drinking and
they're not sure where the level of
consent is okay so would it be fair to
characterize rape culture as something
certainly as it's been I guess sort of
described in academic circles the idea a
societal or a patriarchal society where
rape is either encouraged or it's
tolerated um like what it doesn't have
to be a male that rapes a female like I
don't beat either way but I didn't say
that okay well what's your weapon
well that's the idea break fall to the
idea that the rape is and you sort of
echo that I want to make sure we both
agree to start with that it's a society
or culture at large where rape is either
promoted encouraged or tolerated yeah
okay yeah I don't agree can you tell me
why statistically it doesn't wear out we
we charge rapists we put them in jail
rape is a very rare crime and I don't
believe that we live in a culture that
supports or condones rape or tolerates
it but what about the fact that so many
rapists don't go to jail I know plenty
of people I've reported my rapist he
didn't go to jail many of my friends
have reported their rapists they
go to jail like I actually literally
don't know of people my age anybody
who's gone to jail who has been
apprehended there are boys on this
campus I've been sexually assaulted by a
boy on this campus who walks around and
goes to class every single day so how is
that clear for some apprehension well
there's anecdotal right and then there's
the empirical data so I want to get away
from me speaking for all men or people
who are sort of right-leaning and you
speaking for all women or sort of
advocates of a more progressive
worldview I'm gonna just your phone I
think someone's calling in it it slipped
down there I want to make sure you get a
good shot thank you
you you went from from rape it's
interesting to me to sexual assault yes
first off I think again it's very
important we define the terms there's a
delineation between the two oh we agree
yeah but would you say that like sexual
assault isn't like what part of rape you
know sexual cell is a part of rape but
someone can commit some kind of sexual
assault or sexual harassment and it not
be rape so I don't I'm probably pretty
sure you don't want to get into your
personal experience on camera if you do
we we can but again it goes back to the
question this idea that we support or we
tolerate where we encourage rape or
that's occurring in numbers that are out
of the ordinary but fortunately to other
crimes you know rapists are convicted
about the same right as armed robbers
for example do we have an armed robbery
culture a rape is a horrible terrible
heinous crime and I'm not saying that
like rape culture like I'm honestly not
talking about empirical data at all and
I don't think we should look at it as a
peer code data because first of all like
I don't know if you know how like
uniform crime reports work but that's
like certain things that police don't
report so sometimes those numbers are
skewed first of all and like sorry what
do you mean uniform crimes do you know
like uniform crime reports and how that
works maybe several times going into one
report and no it's like where the police
report to the FBI specific crimes that
occur but they are like sometimes they
don't report everything and that's how
like that's the problem
no sometimes they just don't because
sometimes it looks better on their area
and so statistics can't always tell you
exactly what happens and then there's
other forms of like
methods like the NCVS they interview
victims like one-on-one or there's like
self reporting and that shows that we're
missing a lot of data that the police
just haven't reported to the FBI so I
don't think you can base all of this on
empirical data when well I think we can
but what would you base it on because
you obviously you referred to me as an
idiot that rape culture yeah yeah
I'm basing our you and your male
privilege to so and I think I'm gonna be
on that one yeah I do I do and like my
my brother and I were actually just
talking about you yesterday like yeah
you're really something I'm I don't know
how you ended up back on this campus
because you turned into a meme do you
know that you're a meme yeah on Twitter
yeah so I don't know how you have the
audacity like come back on our campus
and say that rape culture is a myth
because that's personally offensive to a
lot of people I know actually and so
especially like the audacity to come
here and hear and speak the truth true
you know what how about somebody rapes
you and then you come and tell me that
rape culture is amid nothing to do with
what we're talking about and I think
you're told you how empirical data is
full because of you see our crime report
don't agree have you you didn't even
know any UCR crime reported do you even
know what NCVS stands for you tell me
that let's go to statistics okay how
often you believe rape occurs because I
got a rape culture we often see I cannot
tell you the exact number because as
I've said I've repeated to you multiple
times that like you see our crime
reports are simply not accurate and
there are other like methods and it is
proven that those are not accurate we do
not have all of those numbers we don't
have all of those numbers we have quite
a bit we have from the FBI we have them
from the DOJ yeah but do you see our
reports that you didn't know existed let
the record show he didn't know what a
you see our crime report is I learned
that in my intro to criminal justice
rape occurs I don't I truly I couldn't
tell you okay for you to say this
idiotic to not believe that there's a
rape culture again when we both agree I
think there's rape culture you just
don't believe that I think there's an
interrupting culture right
now an interesting culture I'm not for
me you keep interrupting me I said can
you define that for me yeah you keep
interrupting
okay okay go I'll go uh yeah so let me
finish here so for me to be so idiotic
as to not believe in rape culture which
we both agreed is the idea that rape is
perpetuated encouraged or tolerated in a
society you would need to present some
kind of data anything I know you think
empirical that is bolted that's fine
some kind of evidence to support your
premise that rape is tolerated or
encouraged the United States yeah I mean
it is totally I mean have you seen like
Brett Kavanaugh are you familiar with
that situation right now like me you
don't know who Brett Kavanaugh is this
man doesn't know who Brett Kavanaugh is
and he's gonna stay here and tell me
that rape culture is a myth he is
currently Donald Trump is trying to
appoint him to the Supreme Court and the
fact that you don't know that shows me
that you don't actually really know
what's going on in society because that
is a really big deal and that is the
Supreme Court is the highest I don't
know who explained it to me why is that
important to improving a trig function
so he is currently he is under fire for
some sexual assault allegations and that
he like supposedly were not 100% sure
but he allegedly raped women when he was
younger and he in front of a trial was
saying that like they found in trial
this is in front of this is not a trial
but it's in front of Supreme not Supreme
Court justice it's in front of Senate
Senators important people and as they
ask him these questions um they pull out
his yearbook and they find terms like
devil's triangle which if you don't know
what that means that's Oh two males and
a female and that's two males ganging up
on a female it is like you're the first
to rape and so he's out here and that's
who they're trying to a point and this
man is is Brett Kavanaugh Brett
Kavanaugh sir and so the fact that like
somebody this important that is going to
be on the Supreme Court which I'm at
this point I'm unsure of like what you
know about the government but that is
the highest position that you can
acquire and so let's replay the Supreme
Court Supreme Court Justice it's high up
there
it's high up there so um the fact that a
rapist is probably going to be a point P
I investigation but it's a biased one
because it is from the Republican side
which they want him appointed so so I'd
like to get back to Brett Kavanaugh
because it seems like this is a big case
but again that would be an anecdotal an
anecdotal story again how does that
prove the statistic that rape is
encouraging committed at large in the
United States and condoned you're
telling me that like if somebody if they
feed highest the highest the Supreme
Court if we're gonna appoint somebody
who participates in a Devil's Triangle
and refers to it as a devil's triangle
you're telling me that that's not the
standard of what is good and what is
right
so can I answer your question yeah you
can answer me question so if I'm to
answer the question on Brett Kavanaugh
and dr. Christine Ford or any of the
other allegations coming forward from
Michael a Bonetti
who represents actually the other way
you accuse him of gang rape as well
that's separate again from the evidence
it's about one a nineteen hundred women
are raped in United States according the
FBI it's about one in a thousand for
college students if you include all
sexual assault according to the
Department of Justice or Bureau of
Justice about one and 52 of all sex that
includes you know playing grab-ass with
Brett Kavanaugh you know it's
interesting you mentioned a percentage
what evidence has been presented um
please what do you need my place where
did it happen I don't freaking know I
wasn't at high school it was back when
he was in high school like lower a
journal yeah general who it's these um
if you're familiar with miss Ford
she has come forward and then I believe
one or two other women have come forward
and said this book Ford is definitely
the know she brought forward witnesses
all of whom could not cry brighter story
somewhat babe outright refuted it I mean
like this
this woman is willing to she's actually
willing to undergo intense FBI
investigations she has had no resistance
to that but he has actually denied over
and over he keeps saying he doesn't want
it and now they're giving him like a
little special little FBI investigation
I think this is something you see
there's no none of what you've just said
is correct it was work you Bruce mean
anything to you no it doesn't
that you really did you really think
that I didn't know who Brett Kavanaugh
was I really did it honestly at this
point like I'm unsure what you actually
know right yeah the whole reason was I
was I was hoping for you to sit down and
you see now if you go back every single
thing I told you I didn't know because I
wanted you to explain to me you've
explained nothing you presented no
evidence or data the only thing the only
time you've addressed evidence or data
is saying that it's - use your
words and it doesn't matter the amount
of rapes matter the conviction rates
matter what we host rapist matters and
when you come out instead of live in a
rape culture and you compare dr.
Christine Ford's allegations let's say
we have no idea whether they're true or
not zero evidence whatsoever from 35
years ago you can't run an investigation
whether who what when where or why we
have none of it - then use that as a
springboard to say that we live in a
rape culture I think it's intellectually
disingenuous and I think it does a great
disservice to people who have actually
been a victim of a horrible crime yeah
I'm aware because I've been a victim to
that crime and as you say like you
haven't and you know like like you said
you don't even know what a Uniform Crime
Report is and so maybe if you I also
said I didn't have a break and I was so
I mean maybe you do know what that is so
then how can you sit here and tell me
that how can you sit that this is all
like these statistics are all 100%
correct
no I'll let you back on this campus
that's a public sidewalk nobody invited
you here nobody invited em you can we
ask him to leave this campus is this
being handled
[Applause]
proud of it have you ever been raped No
let me ask you this have you ever had
your house under threat under threat 4
with a bomb threat you've had the FBI at
your house have to actually circle your
house and have armed guards so the point
is the point is we all have individual
experiences but that does not change the
fact of the matter that we do not
encourage a rape culture in the United
States rape is a horrible crime here's a
let's use break cabin as an example
because you brought them up look this is
really important first off what happened
to you I have no I I don't know the
story I don't want you to get into
personal details if you're uncomfortable
horrible terrible if that happened I
can't say that it has because I'm not
allowed to oh yeah I probably has it
well no legally I can't accuse a man of
something if he has not been convicted
of a crime let's say I believe you
though I believe you I'm really sure I'm
really sure it happened to you but a
good example with Brett Kavanaugh if
Brett Kavanaugh did all the things that
he accused him of for example a triangle
gang rape gang rape if he raped people
cocked his head back and left I say that
castrate him and give him life but if
it's not true
I feel probably worse for him than any
man I can think of in recent memory the
only difference between the two is
castrate the man versus empathy is the
truth and I think with all of these
arguments with all your decisions you
don't either we're trying to see the
truth like we don't have the truth so
how can you just say that that's a good
question like why is he allowed on our
campus if this isn't even like an
organizer no I am not part of this yeah
you know but if he's gonna sit here and
say the rape cultures admit that
somebody needs to sit here and say we're
gonna deal with that but you're not
helping the situation
which so you we can continue the
conversation you like or anyone else
will move forward I actually have class
to get to exist and you're telling me
one in a thousand I can tell you that's
bull what a 19-15 1,900 and in here I
can guarantee you multiple people right
have been raped and this is not nineteen
hundred people so ok how can you
guarantee that myself to this man and
this man is saying one in 1900 1900
accordion be I wanted nineteen hundred
people have been raped I can guarantee
that I'm not the only one standing here
that's been raped and weird that 1900 so
thank you and thank you and I hope you
get that hell off our campus
[Music]
which I'm certain back I'm Nick Nick
nice Michael I gotta say I kind of liked
your podcast I'm on the other side but
okay I like watching everybody well yeah
so yeah I don't I don't know how
familiar are with this but it seems like
you disagree with the position that rape
culture again is just defined in
academia with gender studies and
feminism and has only discussed in
societal nomenclature a society in which
rape is either encouraged or tolerated I
believe that that's not true I don't
live in a country is that that's the
definition encouraged or tolerated
I definitely wouldn't say encouraged to
an extent tolerated yes I would have to
disagree that also how was rape
tolerated in the United States um we do
a lot of victim blaming we don't hold
people accountable we don't really trust
the women I mean you look at the
Cavanaugh hearing all the Republicans
they kind of believe her but they really
don't care question yeah define the
victim blaming would be not fully
believing the woman accuser and striking
her down and saying oh well maybe you
got too drunk at the party maybe you're
lying about this that's victim for you I
want to make this clear because it might
be a fundamental disagreement yeah for
you is victim a synonym with accuser or
do you mean victim being someone who's
actually in the conference I mean I
would say it cause we're gonna sit in
having but you think victim isn't a
synonym for accuser well I mean if
you're the victim and then you accuse
your
your rapist or sexual assault or doing I
guess yeah how do you know they're a
victim that's what they're saying I
usually believe the woman until proven
the other way really yeah did you
believe that's how we should base our
laws and it makes it an accusation not
our laws but we should we should believe
her for the most part she had a good
testimony if you looked at the testimony
who was the one that looked believable
cause it sure as wasn't Kavanaugh
