the Pope's response has been tone-deaf
at best pathetic evil at worst he
literally said I will not speak an a
single word about you speak some more
words what hot speak a lot of words I
want to hear a lot of words from you
Pope Francis I'm very glad to have our
next guest we're having him back last
time him and I were disagreeing very
respectfully might I add on a convert
crowd or a weak and and and I think
today will probably be agreeing quite a
bit he's been at the forefront kind of
speaking out against really you know
corruption within within the church
period across we're been very consistent
and I wanted to get an expert's opinion
as a non Catholic outsider you can
follow him on the Twitter at Michael
underscore Voris as long as they allow
him to church militant calm mister voice
how are you sir hello Steven how are you
as long as they allow us to that's true
yes I don't think I don't think Pope
Francis will be in trouble anytime soon
with a climate change in polar bear
tweets but this interview might be
better plastic straws plastic straws in
the ocean yeah big horrible crisis the
paper straws it seems seems as though
this I'm glad that this man has his
priorities straight okay
so let me ask you this before we go
obviously this the the the sex scandal
now has been covered most people know
what's going on but a lot of people
don't really know the details
could you fill people in who don't know
exactly where where did this start the
more recent scandal I mean I know we can
go back obviously far becoming in the
church history early 2000s but what
we're talking about right now why are we
talking about this where does it stem
from the bottom line is this all sort of
came to fruition because of a series of
events really this summer it's kind of
faithful Catholics refer to it as the
summer of shame actually it doesn't
sound like a fun summer that's not a
good summer summer I sort of I'm pretty
sure that's not a Beach Boys hit but the
former Cardinal of Washington DC now
retired for Cardinal Theodore McCarrick
it was announced of about him by the New
York Archdiocese which is where he was
originally ordained as a just boldly
priest back in the 40s or 50s
a credible allegation had come forward
that he had groped an altar boy in the
rectory I'm sorry in the sacristy where
you get dressed for mass but on the
vestments of st. Patrick's Cathedral at
the time that happened the boy was 14 or
15 anyway about a year ago six months
ago
he came forward reported that nobody has
ever been able to get a hold the guy and
say why did you report this after 45
years nonetheless he reported it after
45 years the New York archdiocese
because that's where it happened
took over the case they did their
investigation at the end of their
investigation they concluded that what
he was saying was in fact credible and
at that moment the the rules of the
church kicked in and the fact that he
was a cardinal was kind of beside the
point he what he had done because it
involved a minor it doesn't matter that
was 45 years ago that had to be made
announced you know because he was a
cardinal the Pope had to be told and
then very short and what happened this
is a little more severe than potentially
drunken sex at a party 35 years ago with
tutu don't remember the place or time or
having any evidence yes it's a little
bit the root of the year right or a year
or even even the general region I don't
even know what their main mineral export
is where this happened so I do want to
make sure that you know this is that we
when you say credible because I do want
you know this obviously goes back to the
the Vigano letters kind of all stems
from this a lot of people know a little
bit about it not necessarily at under
there there's quite a bit in there for
people who haven't read it sure so it's
kind of play devil's advocate here you
just said credible so you think that
Vigano is credible you don't think that
this is just holding like a personal
grudge because there have been some
theories you know floated like that what
what determines credibility in this
instance and I'll have a follow-up to
that okay well going back to because
viado is something that comes later in
the summer what made the Theodore
McCarrick charge is credible generally
when they're looking for credibility's
they're looking for something that
substantiates what you're saying and in
a case 45 years ago what they would
generally look for is well did the 14
when
was 14 or 15 did the teenage boy tell
anybody back then are those people
around can they be questioned they
remember you sort of dig all those sorts
of things up and now while those aren't
necessarily proof they certainly lend
more credibility than then mckarrick
whose answer was I don't have any
recollection of this yeah I mean that's
that's his whole defense and the other
guy said so however they determined
these charges were credible that those
details we don't know but typically in
these kinds of cases you look for
corroborating evidence and people who
can support the story from way back when
which is of course in the case of
Cavanaugh and Ford
she has no corroborating evidence and
nobody's supporting her story except
just herself so it was not even her she
won't support her own story until
there's an FBI investigation fairly the
FBI is really they see it like I think
the DNC they see it as the Oppo research
arm look they don't realize that's not
what the FBI is for guys they actually
serve a purpose in here well I mean you
got it you got to give them some break
here Stephen that's how they used it for
eight years under Obama so you know old
habits die hard this is exactly true
well I mentioned the Vig on a letter
because that's how most people were
introduced to it because he obviously
sort of corroborated this the story with
mckarrick and he claimed that Pope
Francis knew that's where you know it
kind of goes to the top and I think
that's where where most people jump in
and have been pretty upset about it that
happened later in the summer but well
there's there's a second set of stuff
here that what Vigano is talking about
is not about the what was 45 years ago a
teenage boy in the sacristy of st.
Patrick's Cathedral
after this mckarrick sort of developed a
reputation once he became a bishop of
homosexual assaults on multiple
seminarians when he was the Bishop of
Metuchen he had the diocese Metuchen
spend Catholics money to buy a beach
house yeah high n develop that
reputation when she said that he
developed a reputation as a homosexual
there's a nasty rumor that he's a serial
homosexual assaulter okay on seminarians
yes yeah yeah it's nice all right he
we know all of this was the case because
a couple of diocese in the late - I'm
sorry in the early 2000s had to pay out
they wrote they paid out a total of 185
thousand dollars to different victims
who had been seminarians this that he
was a homosexual predator rapist of
seminarians at that beach house has been
well known by zillions of people in the
church particularly in the hierarchy for
decades and that is what vegan Oh the
former papal ambassador was referencing
in his expose saying the Pope knew about
that Pope Francis knew about that and
what do you believe that I want to make
because again I don't you know leave the
dead do I Braves me oh absolutely
okay absolutely absolutely his papal
ambassador knew if you go through sort
of the the testimony or your viewers if
they want to read it they should have
yep it's a curiosity but but in some the
reason vegan owes testimony is so very
believable okay he gets a couple of
minor things wrong I mean you see I was
working at you know a date is off by a
month here there that sort of thing but
you know the thrust of it is that this
became known that Pope Benedict stepped
in and after McCarrick had already
retired and said you know I want him to
stop traveling around and being out
there he just needs to sort of her quiet
you know quietly retired to a life of
prayer and penance he's gonna be dead
soon so you know just you know for the
sake of scandal just you know we don't
need to make all this public just retire
mop the scene and there was a big blowup
in the in the nunciature the the
ambassador's house the Vatican
Ambassador house in Washington DC
because the Vatican ambassador called
mckarrick in and told him this Pope
Benedict wants you quietly off the scene
and this huge argument blew why quietly
by the way this is one thing that does
by and as an as a non Catholic observer
let me kind of explain this to you why
to me this is my chart of you I went to
I've been to several of the different
churches and I've moved around so I've
had to attend different churches there
was one Church where a man an assistant
pastor
wasn't sexual abuse of a child or
anything but had an affair they kept it
in the dark and the guy moved on he left
no one knew why he was preaching in a
church down the road there was another
Church where similar thing happened
where I attended they actually called in
all of the elders and anyone who was a
member of that church they were as
transparent as possible moved him out
even though he helped helped plant that
church and moved on on the trail you can
guess where one pastor was able to
continue preaching the other one not
ever again so why and why I'm quiet I
don't understand this approach here at
all well this this secrecy or a privacy
thing is what really sort of you know
has a good number good percentage of
faithful Catholics kind of upset for the
same reason you just said I guess in
some cases there is a there is a
principle I suppose you could call it a
principle in canon law the law which
sort of governs the operation of the
church and share the sacraments that
somebody has a right to their good name
that you don't even if something even if
something is true if you don't need to
say it about somebody then don't
so in some cases how you apply this
depends for example the Pope just
removed the bishop of the week after he
retired just removed him accepted his
resignation and it became known from the
Vatican that the Bishop of Bishop
Bransfield of Wheeling West Virginia
Charleston Wheeling West Virginia had
had in some they didn't give the details
of what it was but it was inappropriate
sexual contact with an adult they and
say if it was a male or female everybody
thinks it's a male so they know why why
does that one this is of course what is
it always male is it is there an
authority problem or is there a Zehra is
there like a you know no cash or chicks
ever so there's a there's a gay problem
at the top of the church well now you
come into this now you come into a
historical question that's a very good
question because if you go and you look
at sexual predation abuse both of minors
and of adults so you know you've got the
you know somebody you know a guy you
know molest softball coach
molesting you know teenage players on
his team versus Harvey Weinstein so
right it's sexual molestation one's a
crime the other is also a crime but this
is like the more disgusting crime yeah
out in the world that is generally 85%
heterosexual heterosexual males
attacking you know the opposite sex
whether it's girls or women right in the
church with the clergy it's just the
opposite and the reason is because such
a large percentage of the Catholic
clergy are homosexual now we've been
reporting this for years I know you and
I have been we have been blasted by
every official Church everything our own
bishop here in Detroit will have nothing
to do with us told us to take the name
Catholic out although I didn't have a
right to do that but that side story
told us take the name Catholic research
on him call the FBI have him run an
investigation
I bet you'll find some interesting
tidbits there yeah I know I know you've
been at the front of this I don't
understand what why is why if the if the
goal here is to actually preserve sort
of the purity of the Catholic Church I
don't understand the secrecy I don't
understand the silencing of people like
yourself how that helps I understand it
from a PR perspective but I can't
understand it from a from a theological
from a spiritual perspective at this
point
yeah because well I it's just it's just
become known at this point you just kind
of another just series of just you know
gross vomitus stuff coming out again
and you know I've said it before
publicly I'll say it here on your show
there are a large number I don't know
what I don't know what's how to put a
percentage on it but there is a large
large number of Catholic clergy
including Cardinals Cardinals bishops
priests deacons people who run
seminaries a little bit who hide behind
the fact they are clerics or clergy in
the church but who do not believe the
faith
these are Judas's and you know there's a
saint who I believe it was Saint Agustin
but I might be mistaken on who it was
but there's a saint who said in answer
to the question why would our law
have picked judas iscariot knowing that
he was going to betray him long as he
knew he's gonna betray him because he
was God yeah was and that was kind of a
giveaway see it started back it started
back then Jesus like yeah what's okay I
know what's happening but did you have
to do it that you could have just you
know said him alright sorry I can do I
think it was saying us and whichever
saying it was said the reason one of the
reasons that he did that was to
demonstrate that even in the very close
circle of his own intimates those
apostles that even their one could
betray him so and and lead to his death
I mean what did what did Judas
ultimately do I mean he committed
suicide out of despair but the lead up
to that was that he was part and parcel
of deicide he helped plan and execute
the the the death of God so if that
could happen and you're right in direct
contact with Jesus himself we wake up
every morning hello Jesus good morning
I'll go cook your fish for you if you
could do job no fire Wow any of these
other bishops could do the very same
thing and the Catholic Church has been
you know if you sort of look at those
are the 2,000 year history of it it
really starts to kind of fall apart or
breakdown along the lines of very good
holy wonderful magnificent Saints and
kind of the opposite extreme of the
spectrum these horrible vicious
diabolical almost possessed in their
mind and heart haters of the faith who
also happen to be priests and I think
it's important to note he's an outlier
there and in this case at what point
does the rule does the exception become
the rule when you toss for example a
disproportionate amount of it being
homosexual assault I mean I think what
is it half a billion dollars if I'm not
mistaken or over a billion dollars have
been paid out to think the total payouts
for all of the sexual assault but not
all of the sexual assault was almost
sexual but the vast majority of it was
but the the price tag right now is very
close to four billion dollars CI and
and I was way off I was trying to take
the most conservative estimate that I
could find but I appreciate that the
Catholics giving me more leeway on this
and being transparent about it I mean
again it the question becomes at what
point is the exception now the rule and
and why do you think again why do you
think so disproportionately in the
church the the homosexual abuse again to
an outsider and to an outsider
the Pope's response has been tone-deaf
at best pathetic
evil at worse in a sense that for the
only thing we're evil to prevail we know
is for good men to do nothing so in this
case he literally said I will not speak
in a single word about you speak some
more words one-hot speaking a lot of
words I want to hear a lot of words from
you Pope Francis that's what I want to
hear right now as many words as humanly
possible how about that because that's
the ones kid out there the question
becomes why and what do people like you
you know true faith following Catholics
what can you do about it okay that's a
bunch of question I know okay the first
is why the disproportionate amount well
the disproportionate amount is directly
related to the disproportionate amount
of homosexual abuse be it to minors or
seminarians and adults you know non
minors is owing directly to the larger
proportion of homosexual men in the
Catholic priesthood there's just more of
a percentage of homosexual men in the
Catholic priesthood so the question is
okay how did that get to be the case
right and lots of research has shown
that back in the 1920s and early 1930s
particularly here in the United States
around the world but particularly here
in the United States Joseph Stalin you
know our lovely you know Uncle Joe and
you know communist Russia Athens nobody
he's never killed anybody that's right
those show trials were not show trials
they were actually real things religion
is the cause of all yes continue
that's correct
he wanted the he had made quite clear
that he wanted the destruction of the
Catholic Church and set about to do it
and one of the orders he gave that was
picked up on by a woman here in the
United States who was in the Communist
Party here in the United States that her
name was Bella Dodd she placed roughly
her own you know testimony that she
placed roughly 11
and I'm sorry Stalin had said make sure
you put in smart guys these are
communist agents make sure you put in
get into Catholic seminaries smart guys
who are able to pass themselves off as
being very Orthodox very Catholic and
the whole bit and everything but who are
homosexual so she set out and over the
course of I think it was exactly 12 13
14 years she recruited roughly eleven
hundred men who fit that bill and got
them into seminaries and as you you know
now because that's a while ago on you
know they clearly these homosexuals
don't breed so how does is it just they
have like their apprentices or they they
then appoint yeah a successor their
their understanding of going in was to
sort of you know lay the dynamite for
the destruction of the church okay
so they made sure that they made sure
that they were whenever they needed to
be networked they were networked with
each other they made you know and look
at they're going to excel 1100 guys some
are going to excel up the ranks so
there's going to be kind of lonely lowly
whatever and just sort of hang out and
the you know and the you know the back
waters and I mean you know Liberace you
guys have a lot of gold there's a lot of
pomp and circumstance it's attractive
its attractive to the gig I don't blame
them for that this fashion sense matches
up that's not a bad thing yep you
haven't been in a Catholic Church in a
while how do you see because that's not
what it looks like now well it's great
the Catholic Church is a great beautiful
hotel about the Vatican would people you
