louder with Crowder studios protected
exclusively by Walter unha-3 billion
videos were demonetized on August 29th
2016 the platform that controlled the
machines YouTube net sent two computers
back through time their mission was to
destroy the mug club of the free-speech
resistance and to watch late-night
comedy die a slow painful death
[Music]
the first computer was programmed to
separate this channel from its
subscribers even disabling notifications
it failed the second was sent to ban an
event at the University of Michigan on
October 25th as before the free speech
resistance was able to send a lone
warrior an entertainer to preserve the
event a protector was just a question of
which one arrived first
come with me if you want to laugh
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
that's the sound of the weekend coming
that's the Thursday live stream and we
have in third chair today actually that
you couldn't tell that he was dancing
because his dance is the equivalent to
restless leg syndrome Nick DeCarlo
are you talking about 1/8 black your one
sestri calm said something like that I'm
serious Nick dip calm and your twitter
as long as they allow you as where is at
Kevin Meany no at Nick DiPaolo
happy at Nick DiPaolo and we have
quarter black of course producing at
Gerald Morgan G Morgan Jr what's the one
of the day have bialy black chicken
sorry the races and we have Ted Cruz in
studio that this is his lead him all
right before I move on with that listen
my question today we're I was gonna get
to Cavanaugh hearings and a rebuttal of
the gala Tina over there at Vox
as a society we kind of a give and take
values right they define us Compassion's
important Mercy's important or do you
think the scales into tip though toward
justice presuming innocence empathy
versus justice how do you navigate the
balancing act comment below I'll give
you my answer later are you feeling good
there and this was terrific
I think it's the boom I thought you had
a real studio I didn't know it was a
condo I'm actually feeling good about
mine now listen no this is actually
beautiful you just said you know you're
to run into it the cab driver on the way
here right are we not supposed to talk
about that because of you know the the
the Terrorism issue oh no no it was fun
he he just spoke I blamed the Hyatt they
called Hyatt Place Dallas /tao what is
it
the colony to colony yeah that's the
name of the town of the colony yeah
there's also a white said I'm from the
Boston and you're from the Cleveland
right yeah maybe
area doc Cleveland in Cleveland so I you
know I show him and his broken English I
show him the address he pulls away four
minutes into the ride he hands me this
device it wasn't a black it was a hybrid
of a blackberry to pay phone right he
built that his candle it is yes sim
o'clock boy he got together and made it
happen he asked me to he asked me to
type in the address of the you know 5200
memorial whatever I'm comic talker yeah
I go I don't know how to work this why
am i doing your job then he get mad he
pulled over now I got the right now I've
the king of Nigeria staring at me with
these dead
they're back at him and then I said
let's use my Waze app so I burnt up all
my battery getting us to the rock it
took me to the cave what's your name
baby Hutchinson what's it
hey Bailey Hutchinson I'm leaving you
out in this one all I get is a text from
Nick right before you get to you I am
particularly agitated right now well
okay well let's look so good I find out
the story and I feel bad I'm sorry well
it said hi it I thought was a real Hyatt
this is like Alec went to N on steroids
it's very nice but I'm glad you got here
safely everyone glad to have you here I
couldn't be happier leading the news of
course the White House finds a no
support and just found out in the FBI
report for sexual assault claims against
Brett Kavanaugh let's come to the New
York Times so you know it's real but
with this additional information the
White House is fully confident the
Senate will vote to confirm judge
Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court and it
looks like we're actually we will not be
seeing a confirmation vote on Saturday
the more information that comes out here
the truth or less credible Ford's story
sounds people don't like to hear that if
the left had had their way but it'd be a
very different country now then can you
identify the man Tom would you stand up
please would you catch this please well
then good enough for me Oh probably
guilty I rest my case i sentence you to
wait wait mr. Fenton raped a girl
I didn't are you sure this is the man
who raped you that settles it guilty as
sin wait wait no mr. Fitch no no I
wouldn't even marry tonight you don't
even work you know this Tom do you mean
to tell me that you're questioning a
survivor
bunch of baloney and you know it don't I
deserve a fair trial
it's supposed to be innocent to prove
them guilty right black lives matter too
now you know yes one moment in time that
may have been true but now we have to
believe all women period now you're
saying this man raped you yes he does
Clarence Thomas that sound about right
yeah a little bit of a different hero
these days Atticus Finch did you really
kill Mockingbird I did why would you
question that I was I never did well I
was forced to a gun point I never read
any of the American classics look at
drawing up I realize that well that's
good you a Canuck I didn't read any
Canadian classics either I did we spend
an entire semester White House the Ken
Dryden story you spend a semester on
Karla Homolka show no it's the real one
yeah it's a horrible place Canada and
our histories very uninteresting we
spent a half a year learning about how
Canada burned down the White House and
it wasn't even a country with a column
that's just because you don't select
your friends to burn down your crap
that's your biggest accomplishment not
really all that much of an
accomplishment when I think about it
speaking of the law police are now
warning citizens about drunken Birds
this comes from the home the Duluth
Tribune chief tied to car I guess is his
name wrote that the department received
calls about birds that appeared to be
under the influence flying into windows
cars and acting confused better be fair
the main burden question is demanding a
hearing to clear his good name so he
does seem as though yeah doing pretty
well for himself
look hashtag not all pigeons okay have
you ever seen the drunken animal though
they are absolutely hilarious like when
they bite into like an apple that's been
fermented on the ground or something
like that that's falling off like I've
seen a drunken deer oh you mean
accidentally party drinking beer until
the animal can't walk you know nothing
like I think bears do that on purpose
bears enjoy the
really yeah can anyone confirm that I
don't know MIT we need community idea I
went to school up a man I should know
some about that was too drunk type syrup
the bears and you drive many times but
never made it were hauled to the forest
yes and then the bear took they took
part in the devil's triangle apparently
after too much meat which is a sexual
assault of an internationally this
German parents forgot their
five-year-old at an airport in Germany
in case you're wondering
police said of other explained officers
that the family had driven home in
separate cars and each believed that the
child was with the other parent so
spurred interest of course in a German
remake of the popular holiday classic I
leaned through the house set and that's
going to do pretty well at the box
office if you rather not originally
though it doesn't seem like the Germans
are planned it seems like these are
these the same parents that you're just
supposed to trust and be like you can't
tell me how to raise my kid is that the
kind of parents like the university suck
in my opinion yeah sort of like
Bostonian parents they're trying to work
me into this sketch I well I use this a
medikit here and let the regulars get
these shots in I can't wait in this dump
I mean I don't worry the game is
rigged you didn't know that but but
you're right that's very unoriginal a
one parent thought the other one yeah
that's the one they were trying to why
my parents used one they left me these
large Julie's right your mom had you
back in the back when I was a kid I
referenced it because they were sure I
know but you think of how expensive the
architecture was back then oh yeah I
never does like that was one big giant
commercial for the Orange Julius
worse you're not gonna build an Orange
Julius these days have you seen
originally it turned into a drive-in
theater where I was raised actually the
one Orange Julius yeah because then I
was going to play with it and drive and
see that big but no well it was it was
like it was it became the concession
stand for the driver because they wanted
everyone to see it from the road it's
very expensive real estate here's a
drive-in theater in downtown Detroit did
you know this really yeah last time I
was there's a downtown Detroit drive-in
theater yeah and went to the midnight
showing I have three night forms oh my
and no hubcaps but speaking which I just
watched Midnight Run last night when I
was secular you ever see that within
your own about 150 times yes did you
make fan love it
Midnight Run yeah I've not seen it in at
least a decade I've never seen what are
you Canadian yeah borderline yeah
I highly recommend as a great vinick's
do it have you ever seen it no no I've
never seen with DeNiro its back its back
when De Niro was still funny before he
became comedy De Niro ah you know after
before like Meet the Parents that was
just De Niro was kind of in that she's
kind of a good joke probe and I watched
last week and I was reminded how awful
truly awful Al Pacino is in heat
[Laughter]
recently no he's so bad you haven't did
you remember how bad he when he was
starting to get big right he's all too
big he there's a scene literally he's
talking I come black guy goes you know
man I think it killed for telling you
that stuff man he goes you could get
killed walking your dog E he overdid his
Pitino is he doing the Ed Sullivan
children the gun this is my device here
Al Pacino in Serpico Glengarry Glen Ross
you know egg - yeah yeah he you know
Jack Lemmon just just acted circles
around him and that oh yeah that was
great all the way around though for me
yeah yeah what a great love it we're
gonna have it man on the show soon I
would say if you have to pick someone
overall if you look at a span of the
career probably the greatest actor ever
you have to put Jack Lemmon in there I
go with Larry Storch from F Troop used
to be a space you go back to some like
it hot right you go back early Jack
Lemmon and he was just as good at that
as it was in in Clanker there Glen Ross
breaking your heart yeah he did you know
what I'm a head of John Ritter
I mean though he was hilarious in
Three's Company
turning to the midterm elections because
we have Ted Cruz coming up everybody Ted
Cruz gray suit is gonna be thrilled to
be here oh yes then Ben and Jerry needs
names for flavors for the seven
up-and-coming progressive candidates
this is from his Twitter yo Internet so
you know he's hip yeah we need your help
to come up with seven amazing flavors
for seven amazing up-and-coming
progressives
who could be headed to Congress in
November so of course Ben is a noted
Bernie Sanders supporter and with the
recent rise of Democratic socialists to
the pop culture we actually have a list
of their top suggestions so far which
brings us to this week's 7 + 1 they
always forget the one so Nick are you
gonna you want to help us out here
you'll be able to read any of these or
do you need to put on that those
spectacles I can read them this is just
the perfect distance so top Ben and
Jerry's progressive flavors that they
actually even been taking the polls
needs been apena
number 7 Venezuelan bread line pudding
that's right up there they're gonna be
happy about that number 6
starvation genocide July no I don't
think I'd be the first one that I would
go for let's have a NIC give us number 5
Alexandria Acacio it should say cooked
Alcott konatess that's the dad joke
that's what I wanted to convey Owen with
bones heads all right look see I like it
with nuts listen but reading that ok I
should have looked at the stuff before
like you said that reads konatess I'm so
you know very Hispanic alright well
let's make it up to you read you can
read number 4 final solution sherbet
good number three kind of a string a
little bit single-parent pee-can did ya
think I'm this nice sort of odd gee
shucks Canadian and you come in and
break walls and then now I have you
Bibles I haven't even touched you today
ah number two you want to give us number
two there uh Nick strawberry killing
fields forever backseat thousand
cooperative number one actually the
number one flavor of as far as zyklon-b
MIT that's pretty popular and the plus
one because it's kind of unrelated to
plus one finally the seven plus one top
ten in Jerry's flavors Jerry Garcia or
else all three hundred percent inflation
rate seven plus one everybody
it was one confusion where it was
because when you read it you're thinking
Cortez yeah
not Kohn exactly that's what just
happened on there that's that drop out
in eighth grade I'm glad we went back
over that oh how are you I'll finally
another story before we have to get to
the TCU follow but we talked about the
tension you follow up in a recent change
my mind and the the mental counselling
required thereafter along with a
rebuttal devoxx
before that these academics submitted a
hoax paper about dog rate just to peru
lien it'll be published in a
peer-reviewed journal and it was
published in a peer-reviewed journal so
here's a clip from the peer thank you
for your contribution to gender place
and culture and I hope to be seeing your
manuscript in print people think this is
that's that's really actually got
published and we always have wondered
this the peer review journals yeah well
this isn't the first one that they've
gotten published you know it's not six
or seven other multiple ones yeah they
vary they're all very silly yeah almost
as silly as contests at first the story
seems completely unbelievable until you
realize have actually low the standards
are what counts as evidence in 2018 I
think particularly in recent weeks like
the latest smear against Cavanaugh used
by more recently the most recent we
heard the reason one oh yeah the one
used by CNN is use this as evidence yeah
[Music]
from her lips to Lady Justice is the
longest four minutes of nicked Apollo's
life please Nick dip calm and to people
who if I were to still really really
want to go something you know what I've
never actually seen you live in the last
row Nia don't ruin your image of me a
hump would be a nick in nor McDonald if
you can see two people by the way it my
favorite comic is he really a favorite
by the way if you're if you're
subscribed to the notification bail
because subscriptions don't mean
anything apparently and YouTube anymore
join mug clubs where you at The Daily
Show for nine dollars annually
sixty-nine students veterans active
military or follow on the iTunes
Instagram lotto with Crowder and it'll
be a good time we did the change my mind
at TCU this Monday yeah and it was one
of the biggest ones that we have ever
done and we're very grateful accept
immediately afterward
the reaction on you it was somewhat
predictable yeah and uh let's just read
some of the reactions here that you see
please let me for those who didn't see
the video we sat down rape culture
azimuth changed my mind that's pretty
basic stuff not rape is a myth rape
culture is a myth the idea that a
society encourages perpetuates or
tolerates rape and anyone was willing to
anyone who was willing to sit down could
change my mind in a public space in a
public space away
TCU officially reacted on Twitter so
here's one tweet from this is from TCU
Nick today steven crowder chose to
challenge our students on a public
sidewalk in front of the university
while the Constitution gives him the
right to express his views the
sentiments he expressed do not align
with TCU's values I'll answer this
question go ahead I was gonna say you're
asking a legitimate question yes well
actually even making a statement here's
something one step further a rape
culture is a myth changed my mind where
I'm saying we don't live in a rape
culture particularly on campus right
throat me wrong we disagree with Stevens
view right so what's the culture on the
TCU Campbell just exactly just the words
rape culture yeah just you get that's it
you're guilty you're your wife you
outlaw rape culture if they're
disagreeing with me they say we disagree
when Steven says there's no when Steven
says there's no rape culture on TCU we
disagree we disavow that point of view
all right TC you be my guest
here's whether his views adversely
affected many members of our campus
community to health and safety of the
Horned Frog families of the utmost
importance and we encourage individuals
to contact campus resources for sport
another tweet from them in support of
survivors of sexual assault at TCU SGA
set up in front of the founder statute
today to promote the it's on us campaign
is TCU does not follow steven crowder on
twitter i'm really glad they made the
point to say that university feels now
that the public sidewalk we do not
follow steven crowder on twitter
boom our mission is to foster academic
social and personal development for all
members of the campus community weather
and race class ethnic gender sexual
orientation ability or veteran status
what does that have to do with any
at this point I think that's the first
time I've ever heard veteran's status
use like that like it's a complaining
group of people that are gonna express a
differing point of view that other
normal people in this case they mean
veterans of house parties especially
their job is to create an academic
social environment so that people can
learn unless you have a different point
of view right a legitimate different
point of view and you're not out there
saying rape is cool and holding up signs
you're saying hey guys let's have a
conversation about rape culture what are
you thinking they're like oh my gosh to
grow this sort of freaking out yeah
girls start freaking out when she
realized that she had no argument yet
