hey huge show coming up so those who
still have social media accounts blasted
out subscribe to the channel hit the
notification bail because subscriptions
don't mean a whole lot and that way you
can see a video immediately before it's
removed of course subscribe on iTunes or
SoundCloud for when you're on the go and
I know we've talked about it for a long
time
lotto credit a calm slash mug club but
we need you now more than ever to help
support our fight and because we want
you to see that it's worth it
we're offering a 30 day free trial right
now start now a lot of Canada comes last
mile clip 30-day free trial enjoy the
show
this coffee you've built put a platform
for yourself detective
you should be very the hell up you
piece of
California stay away from here stay away
from here don't come anywhere near here
appeal has the upper hand here you come
what I wish I could have looked like you
sure you're talking about
you hear me detective in fact I'm trying
to tell you how much I admire you and
your your pretty much what nut cut
what'd you find disturbing how easy it
is to remember men set to join my club
for the fake student ID
I visited your studio this morning after
you left danced a BOGO try to taste the
life of it strange animal didn't work
out so I left a souvenir my pretty
tumbler give me the gun going on over
there put the gun down I saw you with
the box what's in the box that is said I
envied honey life seems that Envy is my
skin no one from the bar give me the gun
Stephen what did a big box he just told
you what he wants it wants you to shoot
him become vengeance counts give me the
gun yeah you should have Jewish lawyer
Stephen you'll be tied up at Cole for
decades and he was spending a Peter back
to the marks condition detective and for
his work visa
shut up I had promptly Republican up
oh he didn't know
[Music]
Stephen if you kill him he will win oh
oh
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
come on we can take it we can take it
that's the sound of the week and we can
take it we can take it you Twitter and
you had YouTube sons of bits I right off
the bat it's been a tough week I've been
doing the guided meditation my doctor
started because I'm too stressed and
then I listened to this stuff like I'm
SoundCloud I have a playlist and the guy
who's talking release your breath think
of nothing I'm on this guy's being paid
to tell me to not think and then I get
mad may call my doctor you say geology
professor point College professors I
have no idea I don't know he's trying to
get me banned from SMU we have Paul
Joseph Watson the show a prison planet
on the show today and then of course we
have a update with my lawyer bill
Richman a lot of big stuff going on with
the Twitter's with the youtubes and some
things that we can't necessarily mention
but we'll talk about next week at SMU
March 22nd producing a mean video studio
you can follow him on twitter at not gay
Jared I'd say me it's Crowder but yeah I
can't talk to you right now you're
photoshop's your comments your videos I
fulfill my league obligations during
inclusions are we good we good you know
Twitter jail cuisine nothing but Zoe
what are jail cuisine nothing but the
soy that makes sense yeah I think that
that should be cuisine in jail jail hmm
I don't understand the logic behind
giving them protein to make them
stronger
give them uteruses yeah that's better
let's send them back into society weaker
than when they went in estrogen at G
Morgan Jr simplified one come with one
of the day one of the day continuing the
theme capture capture I see what you did
there that's like when you capture the
gaze of a studly man or somebody and you
ready for the the research the overlay
is there spend computer and you're the
one who got us into this mess so thank
you Thank You Sven collector
told you you'd be a legend just not the
way you thought so uh we're by the way
are we talking with Richmond we're gonna
be getting this video back up somehow if
you're watching on YouTube and you
missed the video join my club you can
watch it there anything else is there
for now they're threatening us with the
legal action but we don't follow
YouTube's policy we follow the actual
law we follow the law YouTube
Fall Out Boy has announced an anti-gun
concert for the March for our lives
rally with Pete Wentz claiming we want
to be the soundtrack for gun control
so do we please everyone when you think
of modern-day when you think of the
modern-day gun control movement suddenly
think of these guys so do we actually
says nothing to do with their lack of
relevance for the last decade no yes
accounting nothing no you're right yes
fallout but when it comes to saying no
to guns and gun related imagery you'll
be number one with a bullet a loaded gun
complex it and pull it in your
mouth we will sort of count it to make
sure that you are the face of the gun
control mood by the way in the least
surprising news of the day a baker from
France has been fined 3000 euros for
working too much a baker from the small
town of losing either Don's in your vows
and I'm French I can't read it in
northeastern France was fined 3,000
euros for working seven days a week the
law imposing a weekly day of rest for
all workers but said toothache aveva
have kept his bakery open all week in
the summer of 2017 hem and we got a
scoop I think I actually think to
discuss this because it's confusing to a
lot of Americans is um the ambassador to
the United States ambassador French
thank you for being here sir yes of
course
Stephen so you find this man 3,000 euros
just for working on a Sunday
do I guess well you see he broke the law
you can't work seven days a week that is
the law in France and without laws we
are just like you see just like the
animals this interesting I thought
France was largely secular so enforcing
the Sabbath laws was surprising to me
I'm sorry what was that this the Sabbath
laws no no your confuses there are no
sad baths in France because here in
France we don't take baths little on the
nose no Sabbath the day of rest you
don't work on the Sabbath oh okay no
yeah I understand now this law does not
come from some archaic religion no no no
no no you see it's because we are how
you say lazy okay thank you mr.
ambassador French I contribute nothing
Stephen I know thank you
I wish that would have gone better but I
didn't expect it to it's about like this
week and Oklahoma mom there's other news
and we're going to be talking about some
more legal issues with social home in
India I feel like we need to Oklahoma
watch at this point now I think we need
more of an India watch more of India
watch for sure I know watches to have at
this point really well except they don't
have watches in India the technology
isn't really there waiting for that well
not only the watches the wheel hasn't
gotten there so if they sell watch they
would know what to do with it and banned
in Oklahoma mom who actually once
married her son this is a real story
will now go to jail for marrying her
daughter this comes from WFA for her
part in marrying her daughter two years
after she was legally allowed to contact
her children following in an old
marriage to her biological son Patricia
span will serve time in jail so the
interesting part is a detaining officer
released a statement that Patricia span
will receive quote eight years probation
for the crime of felony incest then he
clarified the crime of felony lesbian
incest and he was immediately banned
from Twitter first upon hearing the news
Farah Khan himself blamed the filthy
Jews yeah that's not a that's an actual
Twitter that's verified it's not liable
for his account no one took over his
with them Twitter tested Jack approved
yeah there's a chick with some serious
daddy / broader issue Dean came fans
they both had Superman shirts on did
they they did in the picture they just
think we have a super relationship it's
gonna serve eight years for felony
incest but save a ton on last name
paperwork that's true why can't you just
marry your son like a decent person
sorry start doing that lesbian things
got out of hand
you need a tweet we are not animals
ki brother is perfectly good just right
your grandpa had a flipper your Pappy
had a flipper for him United Airlines by
the way accidentally flew a German
Shepherd to Japan instead of Kansas yeah
that's a story comes from Newsweek cuz
when cross window arrived at Kansas City
Airport the family went to cut the cargo
facility to pick up at any old German
Shepherd
ergo instead of their dog the swindle
family were handed a Great Dane who was
scheduled to fly to Japan wait his
family's in Kansas and he's in Japan
wait his family's in Kansas and he the
luck of that dog to land his ass in the
one agent country that doesn't see him
is fine cuisine you could have so easily
been rerouted to Vietnam China or Korea
or Thailand or Indonesia I think that
Disney film would be all dogs go to
kettle and then Tommy learn would kick
them what's what's the story Tommy one
kicked same computer you were telling me
that's Tommy one kicked the dog
she's now denying it but you had the
video on a social media saying that she
kicked her dog because the dog
interrupted her doing an interview on
Fox & Friends
so she rating she she read it away yeah
she did she shoot away she said I had to
kick you five times oh five time and you
know there's video graphic evidence
because they have the leg cam yeah this
is the one time a producer in the
control room at Fox is going get off the
white chair get up get down off
like though the other no no notnot
the dog dog get the dog are you saying
want to see your gams no I'm saying the
opposite of that
I'm confused I don't understand what
don't you want this is literally the
first time I've ever ever words in that
order out of your mouth sorry Tommy
sorry watch this show this was sent to
her if it's not banned Ford is now by
the way for go out there we want to do a
public service Ford is recalling 1.4
million cars which you know sometimes is
like because the sometimes they're
problems a brake pad you sometimes you
have a circuit board that's because
steering wheels are coming off seems
important yeah kind of pivotal see this
is what I hate the idea of be American
where was Abby American Baia Mare and
I've always be American buy the best and
and sometimes the best is an
american-made okay sometimes even that
sometimes american-made can
you may see the boy that's american-made
steel that is from American union
workers American man you can't put a
price on our simple art in the White
House
I'll obey that waiting I will be done I
guess also Lincoln's by the way we
should do that if for anyone who's out
there actually taking this I imagine the
worst part of this whole thing is having
the air to plug deploy deploy a new Air
drag I don't know I don't know I guess
this is a new this is the new safety
device that we haven't heard of yeah
it'll be because Ford just put it in
there instead of a steering wheel
all right listen do you know what can I
do we usually do a meat segment we get
any we have a ton of research and this
has been a stressful week for people who
don't know I've been Twitter banned for
the video we sent it by the way fun
computer thank you for going to need a
great job with that really I think you
did a great job for people who want to
watch it go to mug Club did you guys
mind if I take take a fitting that's
usually we go we go into something we
say let's dive into a topic and people
use it to to educate themselves and
educate their professors and use it to
rebut maybe Vox on gun control so we ask
you a question first off because we've
been dealing with it this week do you
feel there's a generation gap between
those in the social media fray right now
the ones who are obviously censoring
different points of view right of center
points of view and the old conservative
guard because that's what I've been
running into I have not been as upset
what you expect this from the left
people been saying for example that
Twitter and YouTube they shouldn't have
banned the video but then we've had a
lot of conservatives this week who've
been criticizing us saying well sure it
was entertaining but really how
constructive was it I wrote I wrote I
read somebody writing that it was
entertaining but was it constructive to
send in some computer to the gender
nonconforming it was entertaining but
was it constructive you just answered
your own damn question the point you
missed it was it exactly was energy
that's the point you're talking by the
way to the creators have changed my mind
were millions upon millions of plays of
nothing more than me sitting down with a
stool in enemy territory being bombarded
and trying to be as constructive as
humanly possible by the way this is a
late night show do you think anyone has
ever asked
I don't know how constructive it is for
Carson to do there's old tarp it I don't
know how constructive Letterman's top 10
is you know we don't want to be
constructive all the time so that's what
they say if you're talking about we're
talking about the banning we're talking
about the legal issues we'll talk more
about that with bill Richman after
you're either in or you're out you
understand how this works or you don't
whether you whether you support the idea
of the content or not and these concerns
we run into you guys all the time you
 and you say why does Jimmy Kimmel
get to use his platform for politics I'm
not gonna tune in to the Oscars but you
know why because he spent years being
entertaining if people are going to hold
us to that standard where every single
thing we say has to be like Rush
Limbaugh's cheering on Dear Leader let
me you were not the show for you was it
constructive it was hysterical
I pissed myself laughing and if that's
what determines whether you support us
or these people support us not in
fighting these behemoths of fascist
censorship bastions about all ism okay
then piss off don't want your show how's
that for constructive I expect this I
expect this from the left I expect them
to try and silence us but the see
conservatives going well I would support
you if you didn't do something that was
a could it be a little more constructive
could it be a lecture by the way as far
as constructive there's a reason this
video was removed the left understands
the scope of what we're doing okay the
old stick-in-the-mud right vanguard has
no idea you bet your ass the left thinks
it's constructive that's why they had a
hair-trigger double-barreled machine gun
ready for all of the platforms to remove
this video because they realize how
constructive it was in making the left
looking like the silly lgbtq a AIP too
spirited dumbasses that they are that's
why we don't like to talk about our
numbers we don't go out and brag that's
not what we're based on we've been
focusing on content creating more
content than ever but we cannot hire
people fast enough to keep up with the
growth which is a blessing and for which
we are eternally grateful but that's
because we were too busy being
unconstructive while you were
sermonizing to 85 year old geriatrics
who want to stock up on self lubricating
pocket catheters the left understands
how dangerous we are and all they do is
run a clip of the latest consumed by the
way the latest ranked the latest concern
right or got you segment on Fox and
Friends they just run on the view and go
see ha they just run the latest NRA clip
and go see they don't even need to rebut
it they just hit play and laugh if you
think that's constructive that's what
they do to conservatives constructive
content but it's just like what we do on
the flip side with Samantha bee or
Trevor Noah
we don't need to rebut it there there
unfunniest is their own rebuttal now
guess who these leftist sites never roll
us our content will get falls more play
this is a table break what content will
get fooled war plays then these hosts on
the left then the kimmells then the Seth
Meyers
then the Jimmy Fallon's with a fraction
and I mean fraction of the staff and I
mean a fantastic staff but we are
talking pennies on the dollar when
you're talking about higher ease
employees and the left doesn't play it
oh here's the thing they try to remove
it behind the seams they Twitter BAM
like you saw they Facebook throttle they
try to get dozens of videos removed from
our channel on YouTube we deal with this
all the time but they never ever utter
the phrase or the words louder with
Crowder for the left were like Candyman
they're afraid if they say our name
three times in the mirror will show up
and rape them with their own power tools
mind you their own power tools of
entertainment and comedy and by the way
we will we will show up and sexually a
cost level speaking of this
metaphorically of course
the left I'm speaking metaphorically of
course we will show up we will do this
and we do it we do so many things we
have a lawyer on retainer to fight this
every dollar you give us every dollar
you spend that goes into mud club goes
into providing more free content and
making sure that the path is still open
for you we're not like the Sarah
Silverman's we're not like the Amy
Schumer's we're not like the shock jock
comics who go up and they do a bunch of
dirty jokes and then they say you know
what you really shouldn't say gay we
opened the door behind us and we hope
that you can draft in and we do it for
you yeah you know it's been a really
stressful week hell it's been a really
stressful year but only for the
stressful week for us just as much
really I would say more so because of
the old conservative guard as it's been
for the left trying to silence us which
is why we're so grateful for people like
you who do watch and who do share and
who do do join over there mush watch I
said you watch there's gonna be another
daily storm or thing and then other
teachers are trying to be banned from
SMU this week it's been Twitter it's
been YouTube it's been Facebook which
you don't even know about it's been
South by Southwest you bet your
ask that we've had a rough go but every
dollar we get from you joining Mudd Club
that we get from you supporting the
sponsors buying the merch we'll go to
fighting this with everything we got
because despite the fact we have a
giant-ass target on our back we know
that you have ours and who cares if the
old stodgy Republicans don't have your
back we do we do this is where we are
this week it's been stressful but it's
also been a relief let me ask you do you
