[Music]
look who I found
I have nowhere to go what you mean you
miss me but I thought you didn't want me
no more now do you have simply safe and
I'm a guard dog you mean we can work
together separate safe can help make me
a better guard dog of course it can't
replace me I don't know what I was
thinking
super SEP can help monitor and one but
it can't scare and bite it bad guys like
bag hopper can Oh No buggers quick right
everybody
[Music]
last week for the promo we do one live
read per week usually it's from ugh
levelness we have an awesome sponsor
this last week simply safecom slash
creditor simply safe is the home
security system I think I told you I've
had home security systems before mostly
because I moved into a house and they
were already in there
they were wired and they sucked and so I
relied on hopper I put too much stress
on his shoulders so simple steve has an
entirely wireless system you can hook it
up it's awesome I think of one CNET and
TechRadar won all kinds of awards it's
$15 a month no contract and if you order
right now at simply safecom slash
Crowder you still get 10% off this is
the last week of the promo I believe
going into Christmas so if you don't
need a home security system then okay
you don't need home don't don't buy one
if you live in a place that I say if you
if you live next to the Hope Diamond
you're probably fine but if you do or
you've ever thought about getting a home
security system I will tell you about
for this and I'm not just doing the
radio thing will vouch for products that
they never use that's what we have so
few sponsors I use it I like it
I have family and friends who use it and
like it is the easiest home security
system to install and the most reliable
but don't take my word for it said levar
burton but you don't need to take the
word of a six year old kid reading a pop
out book either but simply safecom slash
crowd or 10% off this is the last week
fifteen dollars a month no contract no
course just do it or just you know take
your chances who knows who can get in
[Music]
[Music]
right now how much do you really love
your children how much do you really
love you join my club don't kill your
kids join my club will kill your kids
join them don't kids join our club will
kill your
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
how about this watching the old watch
the old movies like an old wait I got
Fred Astaire what's that story like it
was so innocent back in Sligo look how
innocent movies were yeah I see a Puerto
Rican shaking her tits right as she goes
up and the guys it's just we just veiled
knew a move you can make today musicals
seven boxes and brothers yeah you can't
that's basically just kidnap and sexual
misconduct all right
producing with me we have Clint Howard
today Williams Larry white a survey quiz
with Blaire white from everyday feminism
calm and intersectional feminist quiz
stick around for that
when Howard will talk about his dad who
recently passed which his dad was an
unbelievable I had an unbelievable
career in the energy ministry and I'm
sure we'll also hear some some other
crazy things it'll talk about producing
opinion video studio as always is Jared
who is now a fellow on Twitter at not
caged air and me that's crowded with
your comments you thought your
photoshop's
I fulfill my legal obligations mostly
Troy your conclusions are we good we're
good and sommelier simplified wine
comment means there's more taste buds in
the rest of us at G Morgan Jr how are
you sir
I'm doing well you know what's the wine
of the day no the wine of the day is
Krupp brothers damsel by the way next
week there are no shows from uh club
members Monday Tuesday Wednesday because
Thursday is the sixteen hour CNN live
stream that's sixteen hours not because
it's worse than waterboarding and we're
going to have guests we're gonna have
the world premiere of the mini series of
YouTube Carol with some unbelievable
cameos in there from 7 a.m. to 11 p.m.
but yes we want to earn your Jimmy drink
well you don't have to be here for the
whole day
actually no yes you do and no you can't
so there you go but Jets bring the wine
huh you know Charlie over there what's
your name no it's the damsel damsel yeah
there you go it's like your girlfriend
in Canada so
the missus will talk about the only
thing in the news Roy Moore how do you
see this I'd like to hear your comments
because I've heard a lot of different
opinions do you see it as a short-term
loss Roy Moore losing for a long term
victories it's a loss as a loss of the
loss do you see do you see it as an
individual screw-up or do you see it
kind of you were saying this before the
break is some people see it as a
referendum on the Republican Party right
yeah so a year what do you think about
that a lot of different opinions and
we'll get to that but before we do we
have to get to other news of the day
[Laughter]
there's a phrase you find herself saying
always a legend warren sapp defending
himself he was proving that he was not a
creep by publicly posting pictures of
the vibrators they bought for female
staff so first let me say why does that
sit why would he okay Daily Mail the
article sap considered by many to be one
of the all-time great defenders in the
league gave the retirement of plaintiff
gave the plaintiff sex toys as a
Christmas gift three years in a row Wow
which would seem bad at first but salve
defended himself pretty valiantly saying
this was taken out of context what they
don't tell you is it on the twelfth day
of Christmas I your true love gave to
the a dildo in a pear tree its context
is keep myself out that Sam in a pear
tree or a partridge in a dildo tree why
three years in a row what kind of usage
with these suits and you're going you
got a dildo three years in a row what
created an environment where this man
was comfortable sending a colleague a
dildo my mom's it's at the snow you snow
like you wanna get our gifts get our
snowman at some point someone should buy
me rolled out books yeah no I don't I
don't I'm not like I just I like Gene
Wilder and now it might have a stack and
I don't need them grandma don't you just
pigeonhole you okay Connecticut man was
sentenced to a year in prison for
necrophilia as well after having sex
with a dead girlfriends corpse
I think he did it in an attempt to
revive her and this is an actual quote
 what Aaron gangster said he thought
that sleeping with her body might revive
her because his girlfriend hated
sleeping with them according the arrest
warrant so we can add rape to the
charges this guy was serious and his
answer it would seem absurd except the
rights have already been purchased to
this story by AMC for their tentatively
titled
the debt and they're already
taking auditions we hear how about
instead of bashing zombies we start
loving zombie because it seems like a
waste and Lucille needs a place to hide
that really seems it doesn't have the
same mass appeal no you might find that
in one of the smaller channels might be
premium package robots are now being
used to deter homeless people from
setting up camp in San Francisco scum
social visits inside of the San
Francisco Business Times reported last
week that the San Francisco SPCA an
animal advocacy and pet adoption group
put a security robot to work outside its
facilities the gentrifying mission
neighborhood I understand where you're
coming from and then they're obviously
all kinds of protesters they don't think
that you should be getting rid of
homeless people at all it's a problem
San Francisco though in the I will give
in their defense some of the robots in
question are overkill seems like they're
going a little bit too much that's a
robot on a powered yeah that is exactly
who think if they were trying they were
at least made the Blitz not not white
yeah $7 an hour two is all they pay for
that yes I'm not kidding that's in the
story seven bucks an hour below minimum
wage they do have the black robots that
just put them in Oakland
and they hold the torch sideways a
suburb find itself gonna heat it there's
no good way to get out it's fine stuff
and heated standoff over what the locals
are now claiming is he's a hyper
sexualized logo for an ice cream shop
you see that bear that booty booty I I
get it this is where I thought oh no
that's that's a human ass on a cow yeah
it really seems as though they're
pushing it and of course this is a
growing trend we all know and the food
mascot marketing as seen recently what's
a makeover the Land O'Lakes butter
Indian which you know just hey and then
there was of course the redo of the
sun-maid raisins and yeah a little bit
and then of course it culminated in Tony
the cyber sexting Tiger and it was
unrelated obviously to the hyper
sexualization but there are racial
tensions in the country and people were
obviously upset about and just be
talking about pancake mix and
ill-received
next week is a big big week 16 our lives
yeah save it has been charged with
assault for burning his initials into
his patients livers that's that's
gangstas comes from The Guardian a
renowned liver spleen and pancreas
surgeon used an argon beam I'm reading
that creppy used to stop livers bleeding
during operations and to highlight but
he would sign his initials into the
patient's organ it's hilarious would you
find it so funny for what if it were
your liver as long as it worked I'm fine
[Laughter]
when you get put out all kinds of stuff
can happen buddy I'm just saying that's
true I was always paranoid yeah I'd go
under I've been out for some weird
surgeries yeah I just assume you don't
know what you're signing with that way
that he's going you cry in the shower
and you're good now that's you need you
need to seek counsel this is not a
normal person more film yes crying in
the shadow part of the Rico now does he
always send me the pictures when you do
it's gerald please find somebody to hold
of course the surgeon by the way is no
stranger to controversy given that four
livers just came forward last year
letting me force them to watch and
masturbate in the surgery prep room
seems as though he presses yeah well
they go back to the question today we'll
talk about next Blair White will take
the quiz yes I can only get better
the joke is Roy Moore Roy Moore one
thing is correctly he lost yes and I
mentioned in people's opinions on it but
there been a lot of before we get to the
opinions there were a lot of memes going
around not gay J was wondering she
showed this to me out
it's funny the memes we couldn't find
the source and we find out I think it
was CNN but memes declare that black
women made more lose this is something
you see everywhere right now okay
and I immediately when I watch I get
well of course that's untrue and it's
one of those things we weren't going to
talk about until we realize that most
people if you're not paying attention
they don't know that of course that's
untrue black turnout was up about ten
percent
okay five percent less voted for more
than for Trump so that just it wouldn't
have even been close to change the
election by the way black black voter
turnout is not very good no it really is
no but let's pick up on this fall
because we don't want them there right
yes well I was surprised I think was it
was like 96 what was it he got six
percent of black men which surprised me
that's it hi that's actually already
high for Republicans I think like Donald
Trump was really high with something
like 9 percent of black men I don't I
don't have the numbers in front but the
voters who turn the election just just
to correct the misinformation they were
Trump supporters who didn't vote for
more whether you like Trump or not it's
people who voted for Donald Trump and
didn't vote for more almost half of the
people who voted for President Trump
stayed home Wow
turnout was down 45% 45% in the
presidential election there's a nine
percent drop in support from Trump
tomorrow okay know something tell you
there's a limit to the tribalism yeah it
tells you that Republicans don't just
vote for whoever has an R next to their
name in people say people say that both
sides do it I think both sides have done
I think before President Donald Trump
you know there's a much this goes to
kind of would have talked about it's a
much wider tent with Republicans you
have limit Ariens you have conservatives
you kind of have now the Trump populist
there okay disagreeing with Democrats
there's a Dean exit name they're gonna
vote for yeah I think is age thing too I
think it's an age thing for Republicans
typically the ones that we like are down
ticket no matter what always ever yeah
typically older people
for Republicans I think it's typically
younger people you find more and more
for Democrats seen as all people that
who were you know Bernie Bernie Bernie
only write hate Hillary but still pull
the lever for yeah well one you and I
had this conversation in the 2016
election like oh man we're in a really
tough spot the guy with an R next to his
name isn't exactly the best person for
the job don't think more thoroughly yeah
first off right so we had that I don't
think the Dems have those conversations
nearly as often like oh no they're not
really a good Democrat no they really
just gonna vote D and go it really is
that is one thing they get behind their
candidate and people would try and say
well you have to do that for whether it
was Trump whoever it was you have to get
behind the candidate no matter what
well it's mental gymnastics after that
just to try to say oh I'm still with
this person because they don't even
believe what they say they please well
that's because one is one people say
well why are you want everything you're
a political ideologue people always say
that this means like really this kind of
shows that conservatives are are they're
more principled for sure they're they're
prism their worldview it determines
their values now but it's not based on
an R and ironically people label
themselves Republicans are more likely
to proudly say I'm a conservative
Republican to see guys gonna believe in
labels she killed the guy right yeah
that's okay the head idea was he was
duping kids in the basement well it's
okay what do you think do these a
referendum in the Republican or anything
just write more no I honestly I think I
think it's the the sexual-assault stuff
that's coming out right now we talked
about this a little bit I think right
now you can in you and I probably
disagree a little but you can throw that
out and it's going to sabotage anybody
right now anybody is willing to believe
me because so many examples have come
out we're like oh yeah now this really
is going on so even if there's no
evidence in his case I think there was a
lot of evidence but I think any other
year would have been a little different
story I don't think that's right but I
think it would have been so I don't
think it's a public I think you're kind
of right maybe in in terms of a
temporary bubble but I think temporary a
long term right now people are going
right sexual assault because everything
is sexual is the optics war so everyone
is trying to avoid the optics that's why
that's why I'll Frank it's up down
that's why what with the other guys that
just stepped down from from Ayers
Cornie yeah it's all it's an optics war
it was according someone but that's the
problem like there's legitimate stuff
that we have to fight against in sexual
assault but right now my fear is that
there's no due process for anybody you
throw it out there right now and people
are willing to believe it you and I are
like getting to the point where like
right proof show me proof and I'll
believe it that's why it's a funny me
that they're like what clearly VP Mike
pinch must be a creep yeah what do you
think you think this is do you see this
as a short-term loss that was necessary
do you think that if Roy Moore won it
would have been you talk about the OP
yeah it would've been worse for the
Republican Party long-term long-term
absolutely you do yeah cuz you like I
think we still want him to win I do I I
find myself going back and forth but I
do think long-term you gotta fight the
long term more good things and I think
with Trump if it weren't for the Supreme
Court I think it I think mostly would
have been worth yeah the long term war
to let someone else take it for a little
bit looking back I think Trump is
definitely cause irreparable damage to
the Republican Party of course and the
Supreme Court was really really
important and most most optics it's most
of it is its branding he's rebrand in a
way that it should never been really
represent the people who he's branding
right I think it definitely is better
because Democrats don't really have a
leg to stand on right now politically
there's nothing that they're coming out
with it's really motivating anybody and
so if they could have attacked Roy Moore
with the sexual assault stuff and really
painted him with that yeah they would
have used it Hollywood tape yeah right
with Roy Moore yeah that was really
legitimate and then they'd be like see
that's the kind of guy they want an
office already doing it with Trump so if
they had another person to point to it
just makes it well al franken did it
with his resignation but I do you think
listen this is intriguing to me there is
a silver lining here I'm going hey you
know what regardless of and I do think
listen the media is going it's going to
be hatchet job and Roy more far more
than Al Franken right it's gonna be a
hatchet job on drug war far more than
the Clintons Bill Clinton we do know
that he hacks for marital Affairs we do
know that any extramarital affairs with
people who weren't even necessary
willing we do know that he lied about it
in court doesn't even care anyway keep
turning in 2017 2017 you realize oh yeah
[Laughter]
this is breaking news look at here
something with Democrats not only is it
swept under the rug they become fixtures
Ted Kennedy now Ted Kennedy has like a
heat up at a 40-year career after he was
soliciting sixteen-year-old girls 12
after he had an affair with Mary Jo
Kopechne he left her in the river for
dead he serves for 40 more years after
that so Roy Moore we didn't have any
evidence there wasn't even been a trial
yet it was these were just allegations
now it seems there might've been some
weight to it and that was enough for 40%
of Republicans who voted for Donald
Trump to abandon the guy Ted Kennedy
killed a broad and solicited teenagers
