[Music]
Stephen I want you to draw me like one
of your french girls holding this
holding
only this okay double help with the
ringers
[Music]
[Music]
last thing I need is my face on another
t-shirt tacitly implying my
homosexuality this would be the way to
do that as a first not gaping member
mclubbe I expect to get what I want
okay if you go over on the bed from the
casting couch but not get couch the
straight cash just to just get get in
the couch put them up by your face a
little bit right over to you
no not not by your whiskers can can you
a chess set
yeah no no put it back put put no put it
back yeah put it back okay no eyes on me
eyes on them up put the get eyes off me
put them on them on keep keep the eyes
in the mud okay perfect don't look me in
the face so serious
[Music]
oh I believe you to be blushing mr.
late-night you can't imagine Trevor Noah
blushing
he's a just relax your face
no laughing Jimmy Kimmel
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
that's called the party at Joe Rogan's
house how many will talk about a Nick
DiPaolo infinite just discovered the
naturally occurring chemical in your
mind it's 4:20 every day I'm so glad I
loved loved Joe he's gonna be on the
show I think you sometimes you know
actually we'll be back either you'll be
with me on the Joe Rogan show or bill
Richman and talk about the youtubes and
the illegal stuff hold on we haven't run
it we have great guests today we have
Nick DiPaolo who just fired from Sirius
Radio for what I think is a perfectly
acceptable tweet and then we have Dave
Rubin who never know what he's gonna say
don't
Entenmann's generally he doesn't
surprise you hops twins as well not to
mention the hot twins yeah we have the
hot wings a little cameo from the
hodgetwins and if sad we could bring up
my mic a little bit I don't know why I'm
hearing myself like I'm in it's talking
in a pool which is silly producing with
me in video studio as always as Jared
who is not gay sounds great follow him
on Twitter not gay Jared Anita's credit
with the comment you thought you
Photoshop self a family obligation sorry
on conclusions are we good am I not gay
after that sketch I haven't no I don't
know anymore surely right you're not
doing yourself any favors love and then
we have Somalia simplified wine.com
G Morgan Jr what's the one of the day
yeah black Sears Zinfandel black Sears
infant out I feel like a Sears that sets
up in an urban demographic I don't know
it sounds like a terrible bottle of wine
and wine we have a computer you ready
for the overlays I'm ready for the
overlay someone to give a shout-out to
the Twitter account
that's my he went back to like oh yeah
we're just not gonna renew his work visa
and hopper camp question of the day
before we move on what do you think
about the Kanye West situation we're
going to be talking about that more so
about the idea sort of black Democrats
as a monolith at large and the backlash
from the media question number two how
many people out there are a long time
enough listeners that you remember Kanye
as our bump music and here's a link just
to confirm what was the bump we use one
specific Kanye about our the last
segment before the drowning dance before
we went on YouTube and then we got hit
with the Capri right Felisa Nomura Khan
you have always said the guy's an ass
the very talented emcee yeah not bad
alright well listen top story Bill Cosby
was found guilty oops the sexual assault
retrial comedian Bill Cosby is comes
from HuffPo just because we can take the
story from anywhere don't kiss early
trust them
don't take it as a vote of confidence
found guilty on three felony counts of
aggravated indecent assault really the
indecent and that seems he was retried
on three felony counts of aggravated
indecent assault for drugging in
basically is there a decent yeah what
would that be I don't know I'm sure that
must have been all now if you drug
himself in that one or any people are
see often did that's the thing he
drugged both of them he just had a
higher tolerance it was like a game of
chicken with a bug through it
don't play with Roman Polanski so many
are saying that this is a landmark case
obviously for victims of sexual assault
now some are arguing that it doesn't go
far enough and punishing the sort of
pervasive mail abuse of power
however with unilateral agreement that
the ruling will definitely hurt
pre-orders for mr. Cosby's dating tips
it he's so old at this point is he
really like is he really a troubled
threat to society at this point he's
gonna break a hip in the shower he's
gonna be a rough go someone will break
his America he's going to jail for this
I'm just like ah what the doctor knows
America's dad it was a fight with your
family doctor doctor Huxtable yeah he
was a family doctor but imagine sending
your kids at that die everybody well you
saw a lot of pregnant women too so I'm
just saying made a lot of pregnant women
too oh they just weren't aware hello the
British Veterinary Association by the
way is now warning that dogs cannot get
autism as the anti-vaxxer movement is
now apparently spreading the pets this
comes from the Telegraph the BVA said we
are aware of an increase in anti
vaccination pet owners and us who have
voiced concerns about vaccinations that
may lead to their dogs developing autism
like behavior but there is currently no
scientific evidence to suggest autism
and dogs or a link between vaccinations
and autism
well tell that to my dog who will
exclusively fly Qantas ok and of course
this actually might put a damper on
Disney's new Christmas release Air Bud
19 buddy places for that the special
olympics
oh this explains a lot of behaviour to
me you know extremely loud necrotic loss
may have been a serviceable film if it
was a dog dead of that annoying kid
throw
Dean Cain you got a classic I just
wanted to swallow Tide Pods 13 semis big
trucks lined up on a Detroit freeway to
help a man who was considering suicide
so I think we have a clip right you have
a clip yeah there was a man on top of
the bridge authorities believe he was
about to take his own life they start to
grab semi drivers and troopers standing
there and were able to line these semi
trucks underneath that overpass
so it's kind of like a safety net to
make sure if he moved anywhere there was
a semi their valiant effort
unfortunately their valiant efforts
proved futile as Detroit has actually
just installed the suicide lane on their
freeway so he helpful the mark those
there's so many flat holes in this by
the way fun fact for Detroit faster than
the police response time it seems now to
people committing suicide is the other
guy at the end of the CB radio from joy
rock Detroit's a city incumbent we have
loads of burning coffee houses and
inspiring art districts the answer rain
washes everything no one in the pitch
room aside from Johnny boy had seen joy
Ron is true that the candy cane yeah
yeah okay point in some days you just
you just pick the wrong bridge in
Detroit every bridge is the wrong bridge
to nowhere it's the bridge to rape which
is another bestseller from kolakozhi
suicides the fastest way fun fact to get
out of choice well you know if you're
looking for the bus just just don't it's
just much easier to walk into downtown
without a bulletproof vest that's the
easiest way by the way breaking news
it's hashtag lesbian visibility day this
has been trending all over the place
because it's a slow news week so the
pink news they released their list about
you know their lack of visibility for
lesbians and how to help them how to
raise availability visibility in society
for lesbians and then of course some
people aren't necessarily as capable at
spotting lesbian so let me let me
consolidate the list for you simplified
version if she drives a Subaru
out back wait I tried to date a girl if
there's if there's more than one bumper
sticker you know she's it's not mark
yeah more than one bumper sticker on a
Subaru Outback also if she eats it out
back careful I'm gonna drive my shooby
to get price I am I have been so I have
to shave a lot when we do a lot of these
costs when we do costume my stuff so I
have to get razors that I can shave
quickly and change my hair and I gave
Jarrod my old trimmer when I got a new
trimmer recently and I'm excited about
it and I gave it to him I was like hey
man take this as a it's been a great
trusty trimmer to me and the problem is
I got I didn't realize a new one just
totally gnarled up my face yeah and I
wanted to ask Jared if I could trade him
the newer more expensive one because I
have like hairs that grow if I can trade
but I felt so I didn't want to be an
Indian giver that I spent like a hundred
and fifty dollars finding one from
another country of the old version the
first operation because it's the
titanium blades they don't do it anymore
well here's the thing you better be glad
he didn't give it back he does his
manscaping with the one you gave him I
made a mistake and regretted it Hey
a transgender inmate sued a prison to
practice a North Carolina prison who
practice witchcraft I'm trying to think
of the way to set it up that provides
context so you can and I can't Maine a
man says in her his handwritten federal
lawsuit that Landsborough Correctional
Institution is blocking the practice of
her his spiritual beliefs which happened
to be rooted in witchcraft though some
are saying you know listen if you've
seen orange as a new black some people
try to work the system and actually
there's been a recent special with an
interview from some of this transgenders
inmates who questioned the story welcome
I know I've heard of no damn worker
what's that witchcraft man oh damn
witchcraft man oh that damn screaming I
have a cadaver bush pulling you down she
was doing
oh look at that hey you rooms this won't
you turn that nice sweet yours into some
nice hot whip I need some nice sale yeah
that's a good idea be all kinds of magic
I'm going first what you know what
they're half white I would not want to
run into them in prison you never seen
prison throw more more into
anyways yes sir burnovich trapped there
just tough you know what I mean like a
grandfather was jailed after servicing
himself in front of his podiatrist this
is a story comes from Salle's break
we're Salsbury son computer where is
this Salsbury Connecticut I think it's
in Britain Britain
oh is it written has to be thank you
very much you should know these things
and write these things a grandfather who
service themselves comes from the
Salsbury journal in front of a
podiatrist while she treated his
veruca's I think that's the thing
varicose and cut his toenails denied the
indecent exposure but admitted
pleasuring himself during a foot health
appointment and it's Dick Morris ah
why specify grandfather that's that has
let's say like uncle pee-wee Herman
service himself in a theatre line if it
weren't yeah I know the grant for that
it adds that extra layer of oh she's
touching my feet oh it's the umami of
clickbait hey by the way hit the
notification bell if you're watching
this on youtube up hopper can he's
getting up he decides he wants to leave
right now right as we're doing all right
like screw it done I hit the
notification bell because he's huge
docks and apparently by the way people
aren't getting notified even if they
have enough even live elsa hit the bell
the rhuebottom's news and make us go buy
a west and kind of explain the whole
thing but a massachusetts preschool has
now banned kids from using the term best
friend this comes from ABC 7 after an
incident with the four year old Julia
Hart well the school explained to Hart
well that the term best friend can lead
other children to feel excluded and it
could ultimately quote lead to formation
of cliques and outsiders and the school
encourages students to have a wider
quote group of friends was explained to
the transgender kids from the
transgender principal from the girls
bathroom
let's get rid of best friends this is
the front we're the best teachers and
best schools and best principals as well
writing but the fact is that's why
teachers unions exist it's show yes yes
sure if he a good teacher we don't want
him just put him in a trauma room leave
him alone truth is without exclusion who
safety that's the only thing that's the
only sentient for kids not to be giant
a-holes ya need you need a little
exclusion it's all social pressure well
you know that very well because you were
homeschooled in but I was not no he was
no he was and his mom wouldn't
breastfeed her uncle Wow and it was a
footlocker shih tzu what the podiatrist
in there go it was a private story so
Nebraska by the way has finally stopped
horsing around from this headline and
it's actually legalizing massage therapy
for horses equine massage therapy thanks
to a newly signed bill Nebraskans no
longer need to license themselves to
massage cats or dogs or horses the bill
was actually spurred on by Karen Hoff
who began massaging horses at her farm
in central Nebraska as a way to become
financially more stable after being
issued a cease-and-desist she was forced
to shut her business down she then
pushed for the new law which has now
just been passed this now a lot though
some suspect ulterior motives at play
given her notorious business partner Sal
the horse groper people thought he might
have been impure I'm confused people
didn't want to massage horses and cats I
guess an example of red tape I mean he
can massage it as long as she's
massaging the cat like under water for
about 30 minutes just make sure did you
imagine that can you picture a in asian
massage parlor for horses I an Asian on
a horse have you ever seen agent which
do you know or not I didn't think about
today they don't even need a train to be
talkies they could just dominate that
market it's written that's true just put
him on a show horse let him go let me go
for it awesome I'm loose we're terrible
Knicks Apollo is definitely not getting
his job back no no no by the way we have
you de Paula we have to Paulo on four
okay
looking for an having to pull one so
let's talk about Kanye West again the
question what's your opinion what's your
read on the Kanye West situation for
those who don't know Kanye West through
the media into an uproar as he tweeted
out positive things about conservative
pundits any support ideas like freedom
and thought these are his unbelievably
controversial tweets now one thing
they're they're little eager to embrace
Kanye is their new thought leader which
I don't think is the best idea ah here's
the thing think whatever you want
III really don't care if you like Kanye
I've always like we used to use them as
our bumps I think he's a talented MC
he's not someone I would look to as some
kind of a new philosopher but you know
what I'm glad to see someone making some
progress and I hate to see the pig pile
on anyone for making them yeah I'm a
little concerned though I don't the mo I
swear the moment that I go in and I'm
like yes Khan is that tweets gonna come
out be like ah I was kidding man yeah
one thing that's not a joke is of course
how the left reacted and lost their mind
so that we know let's go to clip a Kanye
has lost his mind being in the lobby at
Trump's house I saw that was cool in the
new game we're starting here on Friday
Conan for cash he's a total and utter
 he's one of the dumbest guys in
the country so dumb he's trumpian in his
level of intelligence just to understand
buyer beware Kanye West is a selfish
conservative prick he should do you mean
idea how much how quickly he would go
after anyone else for saying buyer
beware about a black person yeah Jake we
got to go after Kanye and of course the
media has been calling him a member of
the alt rights that's what's been going
on lately kanye west by the way they're
only mad at him now saying this is the
man who said he was the black jesus yes
yes so the fact that he said oh you know
what i like what some of these people on
fox news have to say this is what sends
them around over the bend you don't by
the way you don't have to defend
everything Kanye's ever done just to see
the dog pile was taking place keep in
mind this is the same guy who did say
this George Bush doesn't care about
black people
live television
anyways it doesn't matter how
inconsequential you are
everyone knows Connie is a psychopath
everyone knows like this this is the
same guy who literally married a
Kardashian is interrupted countless
Grammys and names as kids after
compasses exactly you don't know you
don't have to defend even his opinions
or or whatever he's saying you just have
to defend his right to express his
opinion freely and by the way it is
brave I will say there is some bravery
yet player because if we want to talk
about bravery slapping on a pair of fake
rubber tips well you have a still have
your penis to do a spread for Vanity
Fair
that's not brave in 2018 okay coming up
anything other than a far left
progressive is career suicide in
Hollywood it let's be honest Kanye
whether you like him or not Kanye is
still a hot ticket item in the hip-hop
community yeah so I do give respect to
the guy for going against the grain you
imagine though if someone and more
consequential came out like it like
could you imagine it's like the left
being mad that never was an bar if she
stepped out a lot well III gotta say
that bring this up like how many how
many people do you think are in that
industry that would have the same views
as Kanye but won't say it because they
know they'll just be out of the industry
right right so maybe this opens the door
for a few more people
he's just stupid you know be on a bender
who knows no and the point is I'm not
gonna condemn any conservatives who want
to embrace the guy right away but but
I'm not gonna condemn people who don't
either I'm certainly not my opinion
hasn't changed to them I do respect
someone want to take it unpopular
position now here's one thing we'll talk
and Nick DiPaolo about this I do
appreciate the lack of apology because
when you see cases like Shania Twain
apologizing for simply saying wow an
impromptu interview that she may have
voted for Trump it legitimizes the
premise that merely voting for Trump is
an apology worthy offense or jay Feely
apologizing for taking a picture with a
gun was that was a prom picture yeah
