welcome to the Halloween spooktacular we
are glad you're here we hope your
costumes are ready and fantastic but
first we have a little special treat for
you a lot of people been asking how did
Steven and I meet when did this all come
together for louder with Crowder and we
have all something special for you now
tune in next week because we will be
telling more of the origin story through
video and you'll you'll want to see that
but uh first this is this goes back to
the first night Steven and I ever met
hope you enjoy
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
yeah I gotta get you yeah you're gonna
get the me spectacular special alright
great show for you today
if you can't guess you have to find the
collar make it too tight press it up and
then do that disgusting
says the man covered in Elmer's glue we
have today we have Lauren southern
because you're the recent Vox video
beautiful she calling internationally we
have Kevin Sorbo Kenneth recuse himself
and we have Phil Robertson watching we
also your costumes you can still we've
had a couple but you can still submit
some more costumes a lot of those kind
of themed costumes winner gets an
autographed t-shirt from not gay Jarrod
just so you know Kevin Sorbo had to be
pre-taped that's why it looks different
because that's a way to tape him this
morning he had a flight to catch
producer than me and video studio as
always as Jared who is not gay follow
him on Twitter at not a Jeremy I
described with you thought your comments
your photo shops which are always fun
- Phil my little obligations during
conclusions are we good we're good
at G Morgan Jr the wine man the
sommelier in chief what's the wine of
the day mr. snow Jacob's Creek
finished in a whiskey barrel for vodka
cranberry
the elf who wants to be a dentist for
people who don't know will you be talk
about the Trump dossier and what's going
on with a DNC and Russia this week we'll
be talking about Corey Feldman what else
we can be talking about you can read
talking about what's the question of the
value by the way I forgot to because
usually do a segment yeah you know I
guess the question of the day what we're
gonna be talking more so about Trump and
Russia how just how deafening
would you say in contrast the media's
coverage of it has been it's - it your
anymore I'm finally dumping out like
it's but Louis Newsweek when Italy
so okay we'll get to that doesn't week
comment down below well if you notice
the contrast between the treatment of
Donald Trump and Russia supposedly and
the DNC in Russia actually okay
another news Californians will soon have
non-binary as a gender option on birth
certificates now here's what's important
a lot of people skim through this this
isn't a driver's license no these are
birth certificates meaning parents are
making these decisions for their
children most affected by this of course
will be medical practitioners you have a
beautiful baby
sorry doctor na kijiye was not made
aware of your desired having non gender
non-binary is what this baby is this
baby is free from any and all societal
constructs a bullet no malpractice sued
Bill O'Reilly said this week there's
just no info that he was mad at God
quote over not providing more protection
for him from the recent sexual
harassment allegations which actually it
makes a lot of sense it explains his
latest book released killing God is a
tough one which of course is part two to
his wildly popular killing human
resources no self-control
turns out the no spin zone meant rape
covered man in a thong was pulled over
by police in Oklahoma this is actually
Jerry the police report was Jerry
noticed the man was trembling and
appeared nervous more unusually he also
noticed a nearly empty container of
Vaseline in the car and a pornography
magazine on the seat next to Kellerman
after be bats for identification
Kellerman handed over an oklahoma ID
card with his name on it the deputy then
asked if Kellerman had been masturbating
Kellerman said that yes he had indeed
been he had indeed been I I mean this is
one of those stories where you read the
headline and it's the opposite of
clickbait it's pretty much what you
expect hello sir license and
registration please
were you yes I was masturbating
furiously he didn't read you your rights
it's in the Constitution you don't have
to admit you to master Pretoria you
riveted you have a right to an attorney
well there's there's no need to say
anything speaking of sweet nothings
Corey Feldman launched a campaign to
expose Hollywood pedophilia this is way
he first off before we set this up
because there are critics and it's not
that we think anyone should be a
pedophile in Hollywood I do feel bad for
Kourt Feldman
but this is his video they released on
Twitter here let's let's watch those I
need to protect my family
and you make up our security and I need
a legal team help represent me
so that I can fulfill this mission
change the entertainment system as we
know it and by Tiger blood and I believe
I can also bring down the documentary
yeah a pedophile ring that I've been
aware of since we go out he's acting
right now right off the bat I can name
six names one of them who's still very
powerful today and a story that links
all the way up to studio a studio oh I'm
not going to say which one invest below
the only hang-up he wants 10 million
dollars totally cappers indiegogo 10
Cory 10 million dollars that's Illuma
less did you scrooge mcduck 10 million
dollars you only need $600 worth of
heroin to die
we're home with a Halloween theme
I just it's one of those like I
understand I do feel bad from the guy
right this is clearly someone he dresses
like Michael Jackson yes he does and he
has no identity of a porn star wife -
not a porn sorry I'm sorry she posed and
play with I think maybe and I saw the
wife swap he was trying to act like you
Haffner in it he had these the you know
these love angels he called them it was
clearly a Hugh Hefner ripoff he doesn't
know it it is kind of like indentured
servitude we'd say he didn't choose to
be an actor and he got rust into an
industry of the Weinsteins of the world
and you know I am sympathetic but the
thing is like it seems like he's
treating it more like a an award for
turn these people in yep and say you
know just doing the right thing right
like could you imagine thorn of
disciples knew Judas was the the
betrayer and he was like I'll tell you
if I need some sheep and some shekels
how much you in our little secrets
finally did you pay up first so you pay
up first and like oh and no he already
hung himself you already knew Jesus okay
dang it hey by the way just to clear
this up though hopefully we can clear it
up because here to discuss this issue
happen is we haven't no way the Corey
Feldman himself Corey are are you there
thanks for being here I'm very glad to
be here Stephen thank you sure no
obviously you've heard your critics why
not just release the names of these
predators so that they can't attack
again see that's how you misunderstand
the sensitivity of the issue Steve and
that's why I need you to go immediately
now to my IndieGoGo campaign calm yeah
okay Corey buy me ten million dollars it
you can see how one might think it seems
a little opportunistic you you can just
say whom left did you know no it's not
that simple Stephen this is all part of
a very careful plan you see well it may
be that simple because we have the man
here who admits to the crime himself
well host you actually don't need to pay
a dime for that information it was me I
did a dig molester soon thanks for
taking the time yeah Stephen listen
there's no need to pay him ten million
dollars all over the one dick molester
son who molested corey feldman
okay that is not true and that's why
even to go to my IndieGoGo campaign
absolutely true
even though the VHS tapes to prove it
okay mystery solved I molested corey
feldman hard yeah okay see that seems
pretty cut and drop no it's not which
people can support at my GoFundMe go for
me that times last weekend and Corey's
no no I know they want to hear who needs
the funding no no this is this is
absolutely other trillion dollars are
raised corey feldman and dick molesters
in everybody oh oh god no no and that
went about it alright moving on down the
Cho this is I think the biggest story
from the week also probably the one
that's gotten the least coverage from
see believe it well okay first let's
let's set this up because you've been
following yet well yeah the most central
proof for those who don't know and this
is where the question was have you if
you watch the in if you still have cable
have you heard about cable the Trump the
Russia dossier and its relation to the
DNC and how much comment below we really
really wanted you know I'm not a big
pollster but I'm curious according to
polls because voting for the news were
going why is this not front page so to
set the context the most central proof
of the Trump Russia collusion is
backfiring on the left it was the Trump
it was a dossier they called it right so
this is the one that alleged Trump had
directly colluded with the Russians to
defeat Clinton and it's also where the
more ubiquitous rumors from which they
stem like the Russian prostitutes and
the golden shower real estate deals that
were intended to be bribes yeah this is
the one that BuzzFeed obtained I think
somewhere in January 2017 yes now ever
since then the media has non-stop
embargo I mean listen I don't even tell
you this that Russia influenced the
United States election they're still
interfering in u.s. politics you know
this it's a question of whether Russian
intervention into US politics into high
level top-level US politics whether it's
stopped during the campaign or whether
it is still happening right now
I'm sure the run denier stylist
[Laughter]
they like fly people over and have them
vote in the elections the way they frame
it like they actually voted well in your
place it's funny that you say that
because it turns out then the Washington
Post broke the story this just broke
this week with the Clem campaign and a
DNC had actually funded the Trump toss
Clinton campaign and at the DNC what
exactly did they do well I mean they
have a lawyer and that lawyer went about
looking to hire research when the
interview from one of the firm's example
to get questions GPS perfusion gps
intern subcontracted out to Christopher
Steele the former British intelligence
officer to help get information about
Trump's relationships in Russia those
those reports that Chris field produced
were then passed back to the lawyer who
is representing the Clinton campaign
what we don't really know is how that
information relayed to the campaign our
understanding from talking to people who
are close to the matter is that those
actual steal reports were not directly
handed to the campaign so we don't
really quite understand how the
information was passed who got the
information and and and we you know
obviously we want to know you know what
they did with that information after
they received it I can take a wild guess
DNC officials have repeatedly no never
happened the only thing they like
talking about more than Trump and
Russia's daca Backa Backa and they
continue to deny any knowledge of it
take for instance debbie Wasserman
Schultz daemon and chief right here when
did you worry the DNC in the clinic
every word
and then how can you the DFC of be in
the dark about the dusky arrangement
otherwise you're not really in any of
there's no authority with the DNC oops
or you're really stupid but that would
be sexist we're gonna be presumptuous oh
stop it let's see the sender send your
sexist complaints to the wine man if you
don't know fusion GPS Chris for steel
were heavily connected with the Kremlin
yes Russians participated in creating a
dusty now to be fair the Russian lawyer
who Trump jr. met with was connected
directly with this organization fusion
GPS okay so let's let's let's give that
yeah we use a British special agent guy
to aspire to go do this we couldn't even
keep it made in America miss dossier
point yeah it's crazy America first
[Laughter]
American spy there we go
break the law hi ollie north I'm sure
he's available not so uh now there are
lawsuits by the way being brought
against steel and said secret agent man
himself
court documents revealed that fusion GPS
was feeding the Trump Russian narrative
to the Washington Post Yahoo News New
York Times New Yorker and CNN even
before the election in get this
face-to-face meetings with journalists
it wasn't just like an email that might
have been you know hacked with WikiLeaks
and Podesta talking about meeting behind
a pizza parlor it was actually face to
face this happened even the New York
Times admitted they noted this as of
yesterday
there has been no public corroboration
of the salacious allegations against mr.
Trump nor of the specific claims about
coordination between his associates and
the Russians none no corroboration of
the rumors with President Donald Trump
at the bottom of the article that should
have been the lead what you put this
whole paragraph in the bibliography
smaller fine friends so now we can't say
there's definitive proof to put anyone
behind bars in this case but no
corroboration at all as far as mr.
Trump's involvement we have tons of
evidence that directly refutes the
allegations
president Donald Trump and that is
important considering how the media has
taken the ball and run with it the New
York Times even went on to admit some of
the dossiers claims have been challenged
with supporting evidence that means
 for instance mr. Trump's
longtime personal lawyer Michael D Cohen
produced to rebut the dossiers claim
that had secret meetings in Prague with
a Russian official last year so what
does all this mean why does it matter
what are you laughing about the Little
Shop of Horrors over I mean once you
prove one of these things false in this
article doesn't that pretty much like
calling the question everything else
that they're claiming especially yes
that's what's interesting and if we're
gonna play by the left's own rules
they've been claiming all year that
Trump worked on a professional level
meaning exchange monies with the
Russians to directly interfere in the
electorate but but he didn't Oh only one
person did that or one group I should
say the DA's campaign lawyer directly
hired a research firm with ties to Putin
in Russia to create a falsified report
full of information obtained from the
Kremlin to influence a 2016 election and
to subsequently D legitimize President
Trump it's their God and hero Saul
Alinsky would be like you know I told
them I told you to accuse your plot of
doing exactly what you're doing but dear
Lord the story from somewhere more
erotic would be if Trump turned out to
be an illegal Mexican immigrants Alawis
you know it's really all kidding aside
they're actually in some pretty big
trouble with how they handle the
payments for this they actually paid the
lawyers don't use PayPal yeah exactly
they actually paid the law firm and
didn't with the FEC they actually didn't
claim it and so there's some big-time
legal ramifications to that because it's
like twelve point something million that
they paid for this yeah so they're
they're in hot water not just in kind of
a PR sense but they could legally have
some big problems yeah I know right this
is what's incredible to me and again
more important is the media's complete
they're nowhere
again this is an app this is an actual
if you're looking at some kind of a red
flag this is it this is the absences
right here is this way to happen with
President Trump you're talking about
actual just financial ramifications all
your other laundry nice black man when I
paid him a teen billion and you know
what's turning on Twitter right now
front paid 1.75 million or 250,000 more
than the past couple of presidents to
remodel his Oval Office for the White
House
that's what's turning and not this like
this give less of a crap that just shows
you what they're doing like this should
be front page everywhere and it's not do
you realize that Donald Trump blows his
nose with that amount of money
no it's our money that he's spent doing
it it was taxpayer buddy but he's still
doing yeah I know but every headline
these almost 2 million he spent 1.5 and
they they give you the Obama stat like
at the bottom right we have 3 guess we
have to get going but I do want you to
come and I want to see how many of you
knew about all of this go check out the
sources read up on these articles how
many of you knew before this we have
Lauren southern coming up and then of
course a a pre tape with Kevin Stover
than Phil Robertson
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
this is a tumblr some people might try
to tell you it's a mug
they might scream that it's just as good
as a hand etched mug over and over and
over again they may fill it to the brim
with shekels you might even start to
believe that this is a mug but it's not
this is just a tumbler and asbestos
Laden tumbler
[Music]
Bernard Sanders a man of humble
beginnings from Brooklyn New York a
University of Chicago graduate noted
communist and perennial unemployed
couchsurfer until his early forties you
know him today as a champion for Human
Rights income equality and as the
esteemed senator Sanders helped but
senator Sanders holds a dark secret for
when he consumes his devious
transformation potion he turns into mr.
Bernie
[Applause]
automated by logic critical thinking or
basic impulse control mr. Burney is an
animal of pure instinct privy to his
most primal carnal and selfish urges and
this month mr. Burney has but one
mission one fixation try mug club
completely free of charge for the entire
month of October at louder with Crider
calm slash mug club that's a full
3-month trial of mug Club at louder with
Crowder calm slash mug club because
anything else would be a violation of
Human Rights
[Music]
all right the horrible intro but for a
very lovely lady she deserves better
than this she deserves better than
everything that Hollywood has
propagandists and Elmer's glue you can
