lahter with Crowder studios is protected
exclusively by Walther and hopper
uh durwood Crowder live descends upon
the University of Michigan October 25th
at the power center in Ann Arbor sir of
your tickets now and louder with greater
calm / - costume contest and private
Mudd Club after-party details to follow
viewer beware
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
that's called the poking holes in the
hearings from today it's because III
that's an hour and a half two hours
three I don't know how much of my life
that I won't get back so we're gonna go
through all of that here today sorry -
Paul Joseph Watson who won't be on the
show yeah sorry - Josh wolf we had a
bump because of so much to get to
everything you need to know about the
hearings we wanted to dissect it and
give you the the need to know is along
with what you'll probably be be told
from the media and after this I'm going
to grab a very large vessel of beer did
I say peer I mean I'm at raped someone
I do feel raped you're right yes you
look in the lexicon today we'll get to
that in a second questions day before
introduce everybody hear the expression
they go low we go high sometimes there's
a you've got to rise above it sometimes
you got to step on that in that's that's
biggie you know to talk yeah how do you
go high if you're being falsely accused
of rape allegedly comment to me where's
the line between us they go low I'm just
gonna stomp them long enough suck or
kick them all they go low
bruising with me of course we have
quarter black Garrett yeah and then we
have a Gerald Morgan I'm too pissed
about what else no one no wine today -
Matt don't have a beer we are I've got
to manage this orchestra pit here we
have in third chair Owen Benjamin huge
pianists calm and we have mike Ward has
been here all this week yes Mike Weir -
yeah and your podcast is two-drink
minimum Fridays on compo media to drink
minimum
whoa running a train ass non-stop rape
we're gonna go through not all the
hearings but also the fact that the left
they've become the modern religious
Puritans they'd be kind of Church
flighty now how did that happen equate
drinking with rape and fraternities with
with rape jokes with something by the
way I think we all agree everyone in
this room can we all agree okay that if
Cavanaugh raped as many people who claim
have raped him right life in prison very
very bad prison because what's it up to
now like 119
will claim the knees right them I mean
he must be the most successful serial
rapist ever and he's drank and 14 beers
of rape yes as opposed to our
quarterback who's drinking drinking
purple driver so we're gonna get into
that but of course we still have to do
our job because this is a news on
Wednesday before we get to everything
else before we get to what happened
today in the year not Wednesday before
this or a number of last minute
accusations against Brett Kavanaugh so
this comes from Mediaite
and that NBC News the latest of whom
before we get to the hearings she once
threatened to kill her ex-boyfriends
newborn yeah and there was on the single
condition that you identify the rapist
or serial flasher as the man called
Brett Kavanaugh I was raped by Brett cab
no I was raped by Brett Kavanaugh no it
was me I was raped by Brett Kavanaugh no
me I was raped by Brett Kavanaugh
no assume is gonna party someone else
now when was this
if nothing historically accurate that
was swedish chef in there the voice that
you hear of well of course not he's not
here it's not my cord injury but I
wasn't there and Brett Kavanaugh
[Laughter]
hilarious one of the Cavanaugh accusers
who came forward I wanna make sure I get
this correct it was Julie sweat Nick see
that must have been rough was that name
she made a sexual harassment complaint
against her former employer New York
Life Insurance guess who rep Gus erector
same fern run by Deborah Katz who now
represents Christine Ford oh that's
that's all too convenient so all of us
the story broke at 7 p.m. and it fell
apart before lawrence O'Donnell even at
the chance to broadcast as menstrual
cramps by 10 people go haul ass to the
same weight firm this doesn't seem to
really add up this whole thing is
completely become a sideshow and it's
obviously irritated Cavanaugh as you'll
see when we get to the clips but if he
can come out of this relatively on
supreme court justice which may explain
his recent statements
by the way that's why it still looks
like I have a little bit of mascara very
hard to wipe that off yeah people who
aren't familiar just you YouTube crash
the plane ultimate warrior promo there
you go it all makes sense
is it judge or justice what's the
official term now it's justice it's
justice
yeah he's graduated to justice cuz these
fault like these accusations either
break a man or clarify them yes didn't
go through weeks of rape allegations
would be called judge no no no it's at
this point who wants to be a judge on
the Supreme Court anymore this should be
a good gig to claim you raped like a
donkey when you were seven even you
couldn't bring your shirt those fresh
stains on your shirt or that it was from
a shirt I just got this shirt because I
wanted to lose shirt I literally just
got it finished no I only flew one shirt
I'm like I want to make sure I look
presentable I doubt her he walks in and
I go dude that that's twice you've shown
up with a white shirt he goes I just got
out of shower said oh and they make
towels I'm wicked passionate you brought
it for this show I feel like the first
bought it today for the show there's
wife give me a lunchbox before you clear
your lines plain okay now be sure to
make new friends
my wife legit does that house you sure
you have a good shirt today yeah yeah
cuz like I'm the I'm the type of guy
that just be like why do pants matter I
know what I'm talking you and Stephen or
kidney to your after you raper
just joke with his beard no there's
nothing funny about rape ever there's
nothing funny about funny anymore
you know that right Mike though that
he's been put before human rights you're
a legend dude I didn't even know that
was you this morning yeah much love man
oh thanks prime minister hates him you
know you're funny when you're being sued
by a nation like you're awesome man for
another level thanks ed then it'll be
the next guy he'll we don't he'll be
sued by the First Nations no I can't
even have a dry hoodie and you're being
sued by a nation so in other news before
we get to more Kavanagh a naked man in
Florida
tried to start a fight club at a
chick-fil-a tight as well the witness
said a stranger was challenging her
boyfriend to a fight then she said he
took off his clothes and began yelling
about people stare
at his private part so he did he tried
to start a fight club a took first rule
of naked chick-fil-a Fight Club bro is
never show the police your dick that's
the first and then also second rule of
naked chick-fil-a Fight Club is never
talked about showing people your that's
kind of the first rule it's kind of
reiterating the headline says Fight Club
there but in Florida he actually named
it CrossFit for gays on meth yeah as
it's known in the Central Florida so
brutal CrossFit that's good that's good
branding it is good branding yeah
everything just yeah just be every time
you have any story let says Florida it
could just be replace with me and does
meth like the byline is do we need to
write the rest of the story no it's not
even necessary at that point yeah
they're trying to fluff up the obvious
meth behavior yes you know I think this
also could have just been like a dude
tries to go gay with a guy that wasn't
into it maybe and then covers by
starting fires that gay no no it was a
Fight Club with my mouth I was choking
it with my mouth that was his weakest
point rape decoder ring yeah look I
think this is like if you want us to
fight clubs cool right if you want to
start Fight Club naked fight clubs
probably not like the Greeks you know
it's not gonna work again that's it's
like the Bronze Age is it cool to fight
nude yeah I don't want another man's
Donecker let's cut this is all do you
know why because we have a man whose
name has been absolutely run through the
mud here's some that's really important
I think and I want to get everyone's
opinion here and I want to hear your
opinions on the hearings if you watch
them what's there two things that
occurred one there was there's no new
evidence now by the way keep in mind
here is 0 new evidence there is ZERO
proof that this event occurred okay
nothing today changes that but all of
the news coverage is I was watching ABC
and CNN it's all about the optics yeah
well when this when this old white lady
was when this old why
man when Lindsey Graham made his
comments it's not going to pay the
American public won't look upon it
favorite but who cares
are we really doing I did we're playing
identity politics when we are ruining a
man's like them no you're saying rape
ruins a life too absolutely right it's
just crazy I believe survivors quick
question for you how do you know they're
survivors shouldn't you figure that out
first
should that be the first thing we figure
out elaborate what would the other guy
say is the door to freedom it's easy if
one of them always lies not saying this
woman is necessarily lying but am saying
that the media almost invariably
and verbally lies as it relates to
Republicans any other comments where we
get to the timeline cuz I've got I've
got some time lines and some clips for
you that you probably won't see all
right so just just to lead off real
quick I think we built this up too much
I think we built up the fact that she
wasn't testifying and now that she's
testifying all they're saying like you
said is the optics game they're just so
now that she's testifying you have to
believe her she sounded a little choked
up you've got to believe or she's
telling the truth that's it that's one
of the biggest problems is they're going
off emotion they're saying well she was
crying therefore she's right and as
someone and this is no knocking
ex-girlfriend or someone who used to
live with Golden Globe nominee christine
ricci women can lie on cue women can cry
whenever they want the girls I think it
softens it by me Lister accolade women
are unbelievably good at crying when
like if you get pulled over by a cop
like I've tried to cry to get out of a
ticket and then the cops like bro you're
not even crying convincingly you're
shopping it's like seriously like
multiple time Oscar nominee Roman
Polanski so let's go through force or if
there was Ford in the know and there was
Kavanagh let's go through the Ford
timeline a couple of things were pretty
important first off she can't member who
pushed her into the bedroom either
Kavanaugh or judge or just Kavanagh
but then she tells Diane fine C with Vic
with a very scientific explanation it's
impossible for this to be a case of
mistaken identity
which she uses to establish her
credibility as a psychologist here's the
thing Kavanaugh hasn't even said that
she wasn't sexually assaulted that's not
even
he's actually more gracious than I would
be at the gentleman but maybe there's
mistaken identity maybe she thinks she's
telling the truth
and maybe he thinks he's telling who
knows but the point is there is zero
evidence of the rape occurring let's
continue through the timeline here
she took a polygraph in her hotel room
because she was on her way to a flight
keep in mind these hearings were delayed
because she was afraid of flying no idea
you know that no that's their delayed no
that doesn't make her wrong now keep in
mind it is not our job it is not our job
to either to to vindicate her
accusations to vindicate her credibility
or to condemn it it's to get to the
truth yes yeah the whole purpose for all
of this shouldn't be hurt for the circus
for this reason it should be to get to
the truth now the truth is before this
hearing we had no evidence no witnesses
no hard evidence we didn't know a place
or a date or a time or who we still
don't those look important facts by the
way they are kind of important if it's
gonna be some regret yeah a bunch of -
she flies ok so here's something many
many different versions of the story
she's given about how many people were
present of the party the letter says 4
but the testimony today she said there
could be more she can't be sure she
didn't remember if the Washington Post
reporters ever saw the notes or if she
just summarized them verbally she can't
she can't remember anything do you
notice this team she can't remember
anything other than she's sure Brett
Kavanaugh raped her there was the one
point that she was able to say yes 100%
everything else is a blur but that
really yeah some people are trying to
say well hold on it's short like I can't
remember what I had for lunch but I can
reverse things that happened in grade
school
absolutely but this is not a question of
short-term memory wishes long-term
memory there are a lot of incidents
traumatic incidents she hasn't she can't
remember at all the only thing she
remembers not only does she remember
very clearly that he raped her she
remembers how and the manner doesn't
exactly member who opened the door it
was who was the one person who talked
about she talked about the laughing yeah
just like I remember I remember they're
laughing laughing maniacally like
literally just I'm raping so you can
remember that in graphic detail
if your friends are raped if your friend
is raping someone you're not gonna laugh
no even if you are in on it you're gonna
be like what the hell
wrong you're gonna be punching and
kicking said man yeah if you're the
friend who rapes but if you walk in and
a friend who rapes you're gonna punch
and kick said man yeah you're not you're
a rapist like I don't think the natural
response of a rapist is laughter the
only person that laugh is like Borat
with the naughty naughty but like a
normal human being this is a caricature
okay way to put it it's a character it's
almost like someone wrote down what they
would picture right right this is the
most impactful thing you can say it was
there laughter yeah it doesn't mean it's
untrue but I'm saying I can picture find
him like okay now for research before
the hearing sure watch lifetime what's a
lot of lifetime's yeah Michael Bay's
like is this where something wrong in
the movie exact someone gets pushed in a
flight of stairs and then you learn
exactly how rape happens it doesn't
matter what house the party was in
here's this is something I want to show
this this clip here because I don't
think it was a great a great decision
for the the prosecuting a sexual assault
attorney and I do see obviously that
that Deford could be seen as a
sympathetic character I thought more so
before I washed forward I thought okay
the optics actually aren't good for
Republicans here because of the way
they've gone about this but something
that was really important this was a
pivotal turning moment I think we have
the clip of the I guess sort of the
cross acute attorney this isn't a trial
this is the whole point a trial is to
determine whether someone is guilty or
not guilty the trials already occurred
Ford's life is ruined the whole purpose
of this was to destroy it that's already
done now get that thing I can't see what
do we say cross-exam at this point I
don't know this was really really
pivotal if the goal was to get to the
truth let's watch this clip don't have a
follow up clip have you also educated
yourself on the best way to get to
memory and truths in terms of
interviewing victims of trauma for me
interviewing victims of trying out the
best way to do it the the best practices
for interviewing victims of trauma know
okay she's a doctor let me let me just
stop you one second I disagree with you
I think this was a great
for her to do that imagine a white 55
year old male asking that question yeah
the optics on that are insanely bad Joe
they're having a woman prosecutor just
saying it kind of prefer the woman who I
do librarian I know I never made a noise
so I didn't really hear Anthony Hopkins
yes I would believe Anthony I mean he's
very believable right here's why that's
so important because the this this I
guess you would say prosecutor yeah she
was saying okay there is a way and there
there are criminal studies conducted
where we know the best way to actually
get to the bottom of a sexual assault
it's a forensic interview right he says
there it's typically one-on-one you just
speak they listen and then somebody else
fills in the gaps that's important to
know because if your goal is to get to
the truth if you're coming forward with
and this is where I think everything
changed if you're talking about the
truth this is the moment of clarity for
truth here's why here's the follow-up
did anybody ever advise you from senator
Feinstein's office or from
Representative issues office to go get a
forensic interview no instead you were
advised to get an attorney and take a
polygraph
so right many people advised me to get
an attorney once I had an attorney my
attorney and I discussed about using the
polygraph no one started questioning
your friends in representation if the
goal was to actually guilt go and make
sure that justice was served yeah none
of your representatives told you by the
way you're a doctor you couldn't
research the best way to actually come
forward allegations of sexual assault or
even the most basic protocol it's unreal
to me well she had that she didn't have
a very strong case I mean you have no
evidence that if you went to the police
with this today you would be laughed at
well no the point is her representation
advised her against what one is advised
to do that when making
incredible allegation of assault that's
the point here yeah does everyone around
her said no no what you're supposed to
do if you want to actually get a guy
convicted do the opposite of that right
that's my point they were telling her do
something to me well someone who's
someone very close to me was actually
gang-raped it's like the convictions are
so hard and people like this make those
cases so much more bogged down yeah yeah
you know she went to the hospital
covered in bruises and cuts and all
kinds of things and and nothing eight
months later nothing happened yeah and
it's like that that's why making a
mockery of rape accusations is so deeply
disturbing to me what it really does
shortchange women who have actually been
raped oh yeah of course it hurts
everybody hurts everybody because simply
