all right so a special edition of Lada
was credited a and I know when people
think oh this is this is a montage
edition it's like like before happy days
went away right before the jump the
shark wasn't montage but this is
actually something that we haven't done
before but a lot of people have asked me
to talk about some of my favorite guests
that we've had in the show and sometimes
there's a little bit more that's
happened behind the scenes that we just
don't really get to fill and I do have
some favorite guests some standout
guests so we're gonna give you the top
ten guests that have appeared a lot of
this matter and why they're tucked into
main and I'd love to hear from you who
your favorite guests have been or who
you'd like to see on the show comment
below we always want to hear from you so
number 10 a guest I loved having on the
show just because he was such a talk
about a gentle giant World's Strongest
Man four times in the four-time Arnold
Classic Strongest Man so eight times
really uh Bryan Shaw maybe at seven who
cares at this point the point is he's
really strong huge episode 357 he can go
reference in it for Mudd Club members a
lot of these are on YouTube but some of
them are behind Mudd Club only yeah
the full version or sometimes an
extended version and the reason Bryan
Shaw was so interesting to me was
because not only was he big and
obviously strong and intimidating and I
soiled myself but I found I've been
really fortunate to interview excellent
people people who are the matter of fact
I was trying to tell an older relative
about Bryan Shaw she's like well I guess
that would make sense how you're
impressed by him being strong like no
you don't it's not about the strength do
you understand what this guy has done to
achieve this to be the best at anything
and talking with about it you can you
can see a borderline and I mean this is
a good way obsessive personality about
attention to detail and quality and you
see this with any of the people we've
interviewed who were at the top top
level of their field and one thing for
me that really stood out episode 357
with Bryan Shaw I always wanted to ask
this
four-time World's Strongest Man was also
the runner-up more times than anyone
else against his biggest rival wrote the
drona Savickas I think it's how it's
pronounced and poor for the torch was
passed to Bryan Shaw it wasn't even
close this is a journalist guy was in a
league of his own in and Bryan Shaw
Khanna
it a little bit but I asked him you know
he finally just really was
he was as candid as could be and that
was a breakthrough moment in that
interview enjoy you went on to win four
times but like I said the victus was
your main rival and there is a moment I
remember when I was watching world's
strongest camera which year it was but
it was it was a log lift I think it was
the Austrian oak and as far as I
remember it no one else had lifted it
yet some kind of overhead lift and then
I think you were the first one to do it
and you got a rep or two and then I
remember is it victus getting in because
that was his lift listen difference from
it and he just wrapped it out like it
was a like it was a baby again I don't
say that's it because then you went in
you you came back and you won this is
not a slight at all but what was that
moment like for you because it was so
mind-blowing how how strong he wasn't
very specific facets back then sure we I
mean there was I don't know exactly what
moment you're talking about there but
there was definitely times where he had
events especially with the log because
out that's I'm he's been pretty open
saying that's been his favorite lifts by
far overall and so he had those moments
with the log whereas I had kind of those
moments with lifting stones which is
more of kind of my specialty yeah lifts
where you know he couldn't do those
things so in a lot of ways I think
that's what made our rivalry great yeah
is that he had different strengths than
I did and it was always trying to keep
up you know for me keep up with him the
best I could unlike his vet best events
and then the same for him yeah and I
think that we we forced each other to
get better which made it you know it
made it great yeah it really was an area
that was very fun to watch and I just
asked because I always wonder what it's
like to be like the world's the
strongest guy everywhere you go and then
in one event one guy is just you're like
I like it Philippians 1 one word is
frustrating I liked that it was you know
because you put all this hard training
into doing it and then you know if you
go and have an event like that where you
would do so well and I
trained so hard to be better at it it
was just kind of like man you walk away
frustrated from moments like that for
sure
still pretty strong in my book number
nine this is gonna be one that might
surprise some people the first time Nick
DiPaolo was on and this is episode 73 it
was just a big deal for me because he's
one of my favorite stand-up comedians
ever so I grew up watching him and as a
matter of fact when I used to watch him
I would almost feel bad about myself
because I thought I will never ever be
able to achieve with it I will never be
as good of a stand-up comedian as as
Nick DiPaolo huh
I did that enter know in art I would
ever I was drawing when I was younger I
would always like look it like the best
and I'd be like I'm never really go
start smoking crack it's also really
nice to Nick he was really nice I got to
know him on a personal level we spent
like an hour on the phone and he didn't
disappoint it was just bust
I got pee yourself funny so episode 73
it was hard to even pictures take your
pick Nick DiPaolo hysterical it was me
basically meeting one of my comedy idols
do you follow mixed martial arts well I
know your sports guy but do you follow
like the UFC I choked out my wife last
Hillary you know at that black radio
station saying that she had hot sauce oh
my gosh we ran with that we had that
Anna Lou player morphine drip both laugh
she was pandering everybody in the room
know it when they said what are you
carrying a purse they would have had
more respect for her if she said well
thanks to your people I carry mace you
you were right in that mix but yeah
Klein and Carlin and obviously Cosby
until you know the kind of whole rape
thing but there are people like what
happened well you know he raped he raped
the equivalent to a small Haitian
village but shook his hand after show in
Atlantic City but 15 years ago next
thing you know I wake up I'm wearing
nothing but a temple t-shirt instead
there's a bunch of puddin pop rap it's
doctor might know what all right and
clocking in at number eight and you
might think why isn't he higher up on
the list it's just hard to make a list
number two because we have to hear
George st. Pierre episode 134 not only
is he my favorite fighter of volta if I
had to pick one would probably door st.
Pierre and of course because I'm from
from Montreal and all of you their eyes
are glazing over Oh UFC fights it's not
about the sport of fighting it's not
about the UFC if you go watch a
documentary on Georges st. Pierre
there's one called I think the DNA of
George st. Pierre it's done by the same
people do all these Discovery Channel
films like about wolves very very well
done again you realize the same thing
that you see with Bryan Shaw the
consistency with people or at a very
very high level are people who are
self-conscious to a degree but confident
they all realize they could do something
great they said okay I can be the best
at this and then the level of discipline
that most people will never fully
comprehend but my favorite moment from
this in episode 134 George st. Pierre so
he was in the program he couldn't he
couldn't get Skype working so he called
in and there was a special that he did
in the UFC countdown where his
french-canadian mom in French was
complaining when the cameraman came in
saying I don't you know don't show them
my dusty basement so George senior is
known to be a little bit robotic or
stiff because he's very professional a
lot of people don't realize it's just
the way French Canadians are it almost
seems like a fake accent that's how half
of my family sounds and the moment that
stood out to me was when my mom asked
George st. Pierre if the basement was
still dusty and if you can speak fritz
it's hard to fully translate you can
read the subtitles but he relaxes and he
actually goes into talking and it's
almost justifying like none other thing
is my mom was just upset about this and
this is and it became a really personal
conversation between my mom and UFC
legend to possibly you know the best
combat athlete ever George st. Pierre
episode 134 can I ask you mama she has a
question for you in French can you take
one question for she's a superfan okay
man get up
okay so Jody Patel confess software
maja a babysitter cause the the social
calculator capability on jealousy Patna
poor basket see your finished system on
our set or jump estimate the pin-sharp
we don't a stella maeve apology no I
can't easily knows you're a punching bag
at the future
Phoebe's web political panel so nice to
discharge it's gonna be about the
basement because your mom for people who
don't know this is such a
french-canadian thing Josh knows it's
like French Canadians they keep their
houses so clean Jared you know that with
my mom she's like she can't handle it
and Georgeson peers his mom was so mad
and a special that they showed a
basement which was dusty so my mom asked
her was still dusty and George said yes
because they're keeping his a play area
for the kids right yeah they you keep it
for the kid because there's like like a
playground for the kid but if we finish
it I will make like rooms and the walls
and everything is in right now it's it's
gonna be users because we want it to be
for for the kids for the kids but but if
if maybe maybe in a few years when they
grow up we're gonna head because there's
one have to clean it up again because
French Canadians clean up everything as
you're finished eating they came up the
place they say what that's my mom we
were sitting there watching the special
and my mom's like aha she's like poor a
woman I'm like mom are you not watching
the greatest fighter of all time the
countdown is about him fighting her and
she wouldn't stop about the dust in the
basement she's like I want to watch him
is his mother's care about the dust in
the basement I'm going to watch to
support him so by the way the basement
is till dusty number seven Thomas Thomas
soul this was at 3:10 and you know a
couple of reasons why first off this was
the first of the sort of new the newer
media new school podcast to have Thomas
olan he didn't do it
he's a notoriously difficult to book and
then after he did this he started doing
some some more shows I believe and and
really enjoyed his experience he was
just really really easy to work with and
when it comes to economists you'd be
hard-pressed to find someone more
prolific than Thomas ol in our
generation I grew up on him he's a huge
part of my my worldview and how I've
learned economics and he's a huge he's
one of number one recommendations I've
talked about the John Stossel Thomas
soul of course going back to Adam Smith
okay go like that it's a little a little
bit tough it's kind of like going back
and read some old timey Thomas ol brings
it to now and it's it's tough to to pick
a moment but you know what was really
great about Thomas soul was I didn't
expect this you could see him loosen up
and he was actually he was a lot of fun
he was a lot of fun he was very down to
earth and I think we got to see a side
of Thomas well you don't often see so
this is episode 310 Thomas ol how does
it feel to be arguably the most
influential certainly probably the most
influential conservative economist of
our time I know I know you have to be
humble but has it set in I mean because
you're that guy well I I never
contradict the opinions of people who
say say good things about me it would be
impossible to be objective about what
it's why I never tried the impossible
could you maybe expand on most of the
myths that if not for discrimination
society would have equal representation
in careers income education and
incarceration because that's the huge
sort of I guess main tenant of leftism
that's taught on campus if not for
discrimination we'd all have these equal
representation outcomes you put your
finger on the key assumption on which
the holes it's like the Keystone that
holds up the whole structure and you
remove that and they don't have her and
what age is what is one of those things
but what people desire to do matters
right ah you know for all I know I might
have been born you know with genes that
would have enabled me to become another
new Rudolf Nureyev is a male ballet
dancer okay if I was it was a total
waste of genes because where I grew up
nobody it was thought of as well no no
guys ever thought about becoming male
ballet dancers so it doesn't matter what
their abilities were it doesn't matter
whether they were was the opposition or
the gates of opportunity were wide open
they weren't gonna become male ballet
dancer but what people want to do is
huge alright number six this one is what
a lot of you may not even there's no
number to the episode because this is
before remember we actually had episodes
listen it's not before we went daily
it's before this show was a show at all
even as a podcast this is back when we
were on radio and we used to tape our
calls if we could Skype people but we
didn't really know what to do with it so
we finally learned how to record the
Skype video to decent quality and we
started uploading these so this is
actually Carly Fiorina from August's
yeah August 7th 2015 you can search and
on YouTube that's the only place to find
it just Carly Fiorina steven crowder
searched the channel and go through all
of the suggested young turks video
because it'll take you a while 10 do you
realize that half of these interviews
when I was searching through YouTube as
to it my interview with this person is
not even the first thing that pops up no
it's a bunch of random crap with no
views stick everything over like Trent
they're just piling on this it's it's
like a sandwich only there's only word
just the bottom bread every
there's top bread there's a whole layer
of ham and vegetables and then we're
just we're like the saucer plate that's
to snout for the sandwiches we're the
meat no we're not we're the delicious I
mean we want to be the me but not to you
- no not you - don't say delicious meat
on this program Carly so Carly Fiorina
here's why this stands out to me so much
we've been writing about her so a lot of
credit calm a lot of people know who
just watched the show don't realize it's
the website was a lot bigger than the
show for a long time edited by Courtney
Kerr chopped and she still edits over
there wonderful fantastic writer we've
been writing about Carly Fiorina for a
long time I had seen her speak at a
private event and thought wow this
woman's really impressive and then I
watched back then during these primaries
they had the second stage debates people
who didn't necessarily make it to the
the first stage and we were writing
about Carly Fiorina I called her I think
we coined the term the conservative
honey badger and then at one point we
started calling her the conservative
spider monkey on crack because of the
way she went after Katie Couric and so
when we reached out to her people I
thought oh no she I found out she had
heard spider monkey on crack and she
loved it turns out she liked it and she
came on the show so see what she wasn't
doing any any you know any podcasts
Arkansas radio anything like that and
here's why this is so pivotal to me
because what you don't know this when
you watch this interview she gave us
this interview she was at the event
greenroom I believe or another
conference room right before 45 minutes
before she walked on stage that night
and then pulled ahead to number one in
the polls if you remember there was a
moment where Carly Fiorina just pulled
ahead and I will say was kind of it was
mismanaged a little bit by some of the
handlers but no one knew who she was she
came out on stage that night and the
whole world was talking about Carly
Fiorina 45 minutes before that this is
what you see on skype also we got Carly
Fiorina to say that other Republicans
that the males in particular needed to
grow a pair watch clarify your stance so
that no one else is misquoting on
immigration
what would a Carly Fiorina
administration do oh yes number one we
have to secure the border by the way how
long we've been talking about securing
more
years I mean to be accurate the border
has not been secure for 30 years we've
been talking about it for at least 25
it's still not secure so what does that
tell you it tells you politicians talk
talk talk talk talk and yet it never
gets done thanks to area cities you know
how long San Francisco's been a
sanctuary city since 1989 everyone's
gonna get all fired up about this
they're gonna give speeches they're
gonna pass laws and yet nothing really
changes this is why people are fed up
with the political class so number one
secure the border this isn't rocket
science it takes money it takes manpower
it takes technology but mostly what it
takes is to grow a pair and lead and I
think that Carly Fiorina if I may so I
want to say so respectfully is fine also
uh number five Daniel Cormier a lot of
ladies like like him so he's uh he's the
current UFC light heavyweight champion
another big dude
yes actually is not that big not that
big for a heavyweight the guys make me
fight as a mini he's scary no he's about
510 five nine Oh fighting heavyweights
and he fought at five at 205 and and won
the title there and then moved up so
right now he's the current lineal light
heavyweight champion and UFC heavyweight
champion and he's a former Olympian he's
one of the main commentators on ESPN it
was Fox Sports 1 I think now over there
at ESPN episode 363 I didn't think he
was going to come on the show and we've
been very fortunate to have a lot of
people who are not necessarily
conservatives not necessarily
politically minded come on the show and
in every now and then it's a crapshoot
what I really liked about Daniel Cormier
not only was he funny obviously I mean
people know he's very charismatic but he
was very vulnerable so there's a moment
there if you watch where he talks about
how scared he was before he absolutely
blitzed stipa Miocic
to win the title and he talks about this
moment of the excuses he was making for
himself
beforehand and I think it's something
you don't often see because when you're
doing the UFC countdowns right you're
trying to intimidate the opponent and
often when you're going on podcasts
