[Music]
you want to read why have you uh had an
experience with that 12 years at YouTube
but seen some pretty awful you had
any experience with that
you mean personally yeah yeah I have
it's never good I posted YouTube was an
alcoholic mean drunk she used to
come in hammered looking to wail on
somebody so I'd provoke her open she
wouldn't go after the smaller channels
interesting nights were when she just
finished watching box yeah they used to
just outright D monetize our videos
until they realize that violating public
single-party consent laws could cause
more damage and there was this one time
this complained that we filmed
them without permission at a public town
hall while he's advocating and pumping
kids full and puberty blockers
YouTube execs gave us a choice to blow
every face in the whole and video I said
we could just skip the time and have it
outright removed said shoes well I'd
have to go with just removing at the
Havana yeah we went with blurring all
the faces why because then that's why
and your account received a heart strike
anyway yeah so what is it crowd has got
some kind of rebellion complex or
something some kind of a general problem
with authority is that we have to put a
half asian lawyer on retainer full-time
I didn't know you had yeah well I did
talk about it now hey Crowder I don't
know a lot
but you see this all this the D
monetization hot strikes the video
removals the policies it's not your
fault yeah I know that look at me son
it's not your fault
I know no it's not your fault
I know no no you don't it's not your
fault
it's not your fault it's not your fault
it's not your fault it's not your fault
not me not you don't give up it's not
your fault it's not your fault
[Music]
louder with Crowder studios protected
exclusively by Walter
[Music]
[Music]
that's called is the e kicking in or
zero I forget I have a Walther on me no
it's a Walther on you try the Walther
wonderful sponsor of the program we had
these custom-made actually I should
start people of Nazca or can they buy
everything yeah they don't we met we had
them made at a lot of credit shop go buy
them I go in but but they make the
firearms wonderful firearm so listen we
have a great guest say we have stefan
molyneux mmm-hmm I shouldn't say Prime
Minister Justin Trudeau we have us
mostly good guests yes and day he did I
hey day no glad I hated no gloves
I just I told that can generate from do
that we were gonna let him pronounce it
here video gamer with six million
subscribers and I don't say conservative
but on the evolutionary path there you
go as one does maybe it's trellises you
know I'm entirely sure I don't remember
the fossils the main video studio as
always is Jared was now a farm on
Twitter it not get Jeremy described as
he comments or thought your putter stops
I've got my obligations right inclusions
are we good
there's a dorm stir-fried black if you
aren't him up lemon we talked about it
at G Morgan Jr he's a simile a going for
level three apparently that's a really
big deal but no one cares what's up wow
I thought you cared Behrens your way
maker out of possible and spend computer
are you ready with you overlays I'm
worried with you or at least but PPP I
would be more ready if people started
sending me their stories that he won't
have covered my Twitter that's not
clever could seem like use mimetic
trying to help through the show yeah
sorry Ernest for about two nos was just
being a cybernetic jerk yes and we're
going to be talking about you know
question of the day this has been talked
about a lot this week where do you line
up on conservatives in their involvement
in social issues you know more
specifically do you think that
conservatives lose the the social I
guess the social sort of cultural sphere
is it unpopular for them to go after the
moral issues roe v-- wade specifically
will talk about okay not okay good
choice not comment I'm curious to hear
your thoughts on that I think I don't
have some thoughts on nothing yeah we'll
have you're leaning in with thoughts but
no thoughts no no that's at all yes
because that's NATO leaders finally
pledged to boost their defense spending
after Trump raked them over the coals
earlier than a week almost seems like
they're related almost it's just the
winning is a Brian song to win so much
they won't let me win anymore
so after Trump talked to NATO the
leaders pledged their quote unwavering
commitment to boost defense spending
signing a declaration that states they
are quote committed to improving the
balance of sharing the costs and
responsibilities of Alliance membership
we go now live to their meeting in
progress
thank you sir have another thank you sir
thank you sir may I have another if you
ask nicely so many great titles I'd
serious out intertidal team Tex thread
yeah for our video last night I'd like
to read a couple of them music about
NATO yeah these are legit we the Jews
Micah's hair fall careful don't give Tim
Cook a reason to unlock your phone yeah
 why Trump is right on I suck at
NATO my Trump is now your daddy
yeah or win Trump Cubs need about poop
hey speaking of all of those things
really stormy Daniels was arrested
earlier Thursday oh my god not
performing in Ohio strip club for
allegedly that's the key word there that
means we can't be sued letting someone
touch her while on stage hmm so a
representative Michael of NT vowed to
fight the quote bogus charges his client
faces and what he blasted as a setup and
he said it was politically motivated so
to be fair in this one he actually he
may be right considering that she's
having charges pressed against her by
the notorious touching stripper breast
is a human right super PAC she has a
different definition of super PAC she
does not have daddy issues Marvin Gaye
had daddy issues she's just a he
gets a little bit worse here so
apparently what she did the cops
actually saw her touch somebody then the
cops came up to get her and she
literally pulled their face into her
breasts and then grabbed the female cops
but at breasts bad move stormy I hope
their pension is epic they put their
lives on the line for us they just
cashed in on people on the left I just
Marvin Gaye had daddy issues she's just
a that's terrible but it will make
it they'll be like saying no no she
wasn't koshered the Mamas and the Papas
singer just choked on him because she
was just a fat beef ham sandwich
terrible place too terrible
so people the left right now News are
outraged over the scarlet johansson
playing a trans man in an upcoming movie
a blues they're not outraged over her
sake can I take by winning subida okay
Twitter tornado play odd the manga
because of the manga
so people have been following the story
let me just clarify the left is mad
because she's not really transgender
okay the right I'm mad because of the
left's double standard where an actor
should be allowed to portray something
different from their real identity but
all this is actually moot because no one
did their research clearly any more
thoughts about who you might marry to
hang in doing that again I had two
marriages it just caused us to do a lot
of money to bust them up
how did none of you catch right though
her Academy Award reads Best Supporting
Z and emotion she's doing it right she's
the slow evolution over like two dozen
films no one notices it's kind like
sneaking your car across the red light
intersection just a little bedtime you
know know what none the wiser Kevin
Spacey you always know Scarlett
Johansson's looking good I don't know
keep it up keep it up don't stop don't
stop my children ought to stop all soups
got to change just to keep up so a
mini-horse
was found on a Japanese rooftop three
days after disappearing leaf a nine year
old mayor's comes from Fox News used for
animal therapy at the life town maybe
maybe Bobby aged care facility vanished
July 6 along with her cult earth when
floodwaters opposite so they found this
pony on a rooftop it was a statistic but
you know what this was straight because
you've covered this for those who are
not among club members this is a
situation strikingly similar to what
recently happened in in Koreatown at the
rooftop we have the 911 call exclusive
okay sir can you give me a description
oh yeah kind of big and brown and yummy
I mean friendly
I mean pony show there's too much
background noise okay okay we're good
now get back in kitchen
I mean bars or I'm not I sorry about
that speaking of racism
trending everywhere by the way I get I
understand it was a stretch to take a
story that involved the Japanese with a
pony and try and tied to the Chinese it
was a weak Segway it works Korea
actually I forgot we didn't even that
was even worse than the Chinese it was
almost as cheap as a Chinese Segway so
Papa John the Chairman commonly known as
Papa John Papa John's on his driver's
license oh I think you don't like okay
John better no debit it's papa
last name John John okay it's like
Carlos Mencia who it so he had to resign
after using the n-word on an NFL
marketing conference call oops so this
is following the NFL debacle he was
asked how he would distance himself from
racist groups and he responded by he
kind of he okay
he said that Colonel Sanders called
blacks the n-word yeah except he said
the N word before insisting that that
Sen Sanders was never he never faced any
public outcry so of course listen it's
over for him he's been permanent I don't
know that he's a racist i under he just
misspoke her this doesn't mean he hates
black people but he probably shouldn't
set it on an NFL call percentage-wise
you're not playing the odds my friend
and he's being permanently labeled a
racist though really we should have seen
this coming especially considering if
you look at their controversial targeted
ad campaigns from the 90s he never makes
sauce from tomato concentrate her
ingredients repeats it about the jobs to
us
just the way I like I'm gonna start on
Little Caesars by the pedophiles now
believe they should be part of the LGBT
community and it happened yeah well I
don't know this is news it's just that
they're being accepted by some they've
always been knocking on that I know but
it's happening and if this is me on the
LGBT community isn't exactly the piggy
that makes its house out of brick
they're not necessarily straw they're
kind of sticks but there's enough huffin
and puffin in NAMBLA blows your house
and they swore to us this wouldn't
happen they swore they swore how dare
you comparison come on stop it
you knew what I was yeah stop all right
so from a Daily Caller
many blogs exist on tumblr showing
support for maps okay this is a new term
for me miners at reminder attracted
persons oh my another acronym really I
love how they had a meeting like okay
listen they made this they made it all
sound benign right pants at it okay
pro-life right gender rights okay we're
just gonna say minor attracted person
let's just go through maps and if I run
the wiser big press I like it keep the
names coming let's keep brainstorming or
just more letters I don't like it's
another ABC's they're done too old for
you should be they said they should be
part of the LGBT community
and they're tending to create a quote
safe space for them okay let me I want
to be clear about something here mmm
I'm all for tolerance and all that gay
stuff but the only normalization here
should be the normal way we lock them in
a cage
occasionally letting you out of the
prison yard with a sign that says I sex
up little kids possibly when all the
guards are taking a diet coke break
while loading the rubber bullets that's
the normal way they deal where you gotta
fire I remember we got so much yeah yeah
oh yeah yeah that's very recent for
people who don't well a few years ago
there's a history or uh none radio yeah
and this salon pet for people don't know
got a lot of credit calm salon pedophile
wrote I'm a pedophile but I'm not a
monster
right and reg the Beast helped us do
some research in front of this pedophile
was actively grooming young girls on
message boards
salons editors were not interested in at
all and so we posted you are a monster
and you need to leave the village or you
get a bullet that's my that's my view I
listen I'm sympathetic I understand it
but the rehabilitation rate with
pedophiles is not very good we can't let
you be near the kids sorry Sara therapy
do it when you're outside of the village
limits and then there was another
article the monstrous a conservative
right a coach Spang of slippery Andrew
Cuomo Governor Andrew Cuomo he says he's
gonna sue the Supreme Court if they move
to rollback row v Wade how's that gonna
work he says sure I don't want any gaps
and a woman's right to protection we
have a better legal case of the Supreme
come up okay so obviously many are just
wondering under what grounds he's going
to sue the overturning of the 19 set for
those November 1973 roe v wade decision
though many suspect he's still bitter
that it came three years too late
andrew cuomo you arcane sir all you need
is the opportunity so selfish the DFC
would have one less pull boy so justice
let's add more justices the filibuster
rule campanario let's do back with the
filibuster rule I'm gonna sue I'm gonna
sue somebody what you can't sue Supreme
Court on this I don't know how
disappointed are the comas parents that
Chris Cuomo is the less one I
don't know that's bad I don't think
they're that disappointed motion it's
you know it's walking upright well look
at his father also the governor like
decades ago Andrew Cuomo Andrew comas
yeah there I think it's also a governor
of Kanuri or Cuomo more like home oh hey
Australian gay farmers are now going
naked to raise awareness for mental
health issues this comes from ABC's no
it's real no I was hoping for a better
picture so we now know over the whole
the Swiss cheese come from cultures so
this is my favorite quote for the ABC
ago when the naked farmer came to town
looking for people to get their kit off
for a good cause dairy farmer Cary
Wilson was approached to take part the
cause hit a personal chord with a couple
and so they ended up going naked to
raise this is because this is what you
do though actually two of the farmers
friend was arrested after allowing a go
to touch them while in the field this is
something I prom yep they were brought
up that's against the law can't do that
um speaking of NATO I'm not necessarily
thrilled with our first guest but he's
open to coming on the show I always have
to give credit where it's due
so the Prime Minister of Canada
obviously a country that has not been
paying in very much I've talking about
them I think we have them on the line
you have Prime Minister Justin Trudeau
are you there sir absolutely Stephen
thanks for having me okay let's get to a
NATO
some tension with President Trump in
your country paying their fair share
yeah
Prime Minister your your thoughts yes
Stephen I definitely have them okay this
is going well let's rephrase how much
does Canada specifically paintin a doe
as part of your GDP I can certainly
speak to that Steven Seoul Indian is a
national treasure and I have been very
fortunate as a Canadian to watcher now
okay now this is this is the classic
misdirection you know what how about
give me the wrong number yes I'm
actually I've been curious about those
myself lately
let me see hold on one second appears to
be 795 Stephen SEP 7 95 what said when
he talks don't we matter here hold on
I've got to converse the American dollar
appears about 650 Stephen 650 dollars
yeah Wow is right and you think that's
paying your fair share especially with
us paying so much more like 600 billion
plus more that's a lot you see Stephen
that sounds bad
yes but fair share is a nuanced concept
it's tricky it's far too nuanced to
explore in just this medium what medium
it seems seems pretty cut and dry I
disagree
okay what's your alternative to us
paying the much higher percentage of our
GDP and tomato than Canada well I think
we should all be paying our fair share
okay but GDP is frankly an antiquated
measurement for such a nuanced I get a
nuance issue like NATO in the modern
world I'm not entirely sure the jerky
okay so what are you what are you
proposing then yes it is my core belief
Stephen that we need to base our
contributions to NATO on a more nuanced
God and progressive inclusive
measurements okay like what for example
how many blocks your country house
enough now I get it
yeah 9 Stephen Canada has 9 ok Prime
Minister Trudeau that means you actually
have less diversity there's no when you
account for population Stephen plus we
have a another shipment from Haiti
coming in as we speak
Shipman well hold on a second I don't
want to hold on any more seconds for
this one come for the incarcerated put
the counter for the incarcerated
population Canada has 6 that's enough
that's enough
also we believe the GDP payments should
factor in things like maple syrup output
that's hockey
sumption now no notoriously as the
instigator rule and how many LGBTQ on
two spirited communities and parades
that we have here in college okay why
the hell are you crying
Queens on your dollar okay no more of
this Justin Trudeau everybody wants
stupid no it's not let's just do what's
right I don't know what we keep mate no
we really should learn from our mistakes
need a bad decision better by the way
learning for mistakes hit the
notification bell I should just say the
not the I hate when people it's the
notification buff you're subscribed on
YouTube and you're watching this live
stream surgeons don't really mean
anything so here the notification bells
sometimes you don't get that either so
really the only way to support the show
is join Mudd Club lot of CARICOM /mo
Club you get the full hour this show
that you see on Thursday you get it
every single day so this has been this
has been in the news a lot this week
yeah and sometimes there's needless
drama but I do think that this is
indicative of an undercurrent that's
important not not only her we've had all
these people on the show so I want to
try and be be fair but some
conservatives I tossed their lot in here
Tommy
Leron said that conservatives need to
