louder with Crowder studios protected
exclusively by Walter and hopper
[Applause]
[Music]
louder with Crowder's spooktacular u of
m takeover October 25th
overflow room now at Pierpoint Commons
lounge with costume contest giveaways
and a whole lot of scares don't miss it
I just want to you know laugh about
things every night Bill Cosby says that
being declared a sexually violent
predator is going to damage his
reputation not available for comment
were all the women that he raped
[Music]
it doesn't stop here - one way it
doesn't stop
[Music]
[Music]
that's the sound of the week until you
are you are you are you petting your
Walter I am very grateful up their
sponsors to your show with a great show
today we have Jim DeFede on the show
latest video will be talking about we
have Dean Cain in the show and of course
we have in third chair one Benjamin huge
pns comm huge pianist calm how you doing
it's great to be back my friend
and then before a hold on before I bring
everyone else in question of the day
slow news week I was a couple of stories
though so what bothers you more the
media outrage at Donald Trump's warning
to the Mexican care man or Hollywood's
retroactive feminist outrage at Disney
Princesses comment below we're gonna be
discussing those producing of course
quarterblack cares that's awful I'm
ashamed of this program and we got a
little bit Rudy Asst Rudy Asst Rudy is
having a Sauvignon that the one who
sacks the quarterback you know he was
undeserving to be in that team that's
Rudy do not like that move the team oh
you made the team by being a janitor you
know a Rudy it's not true haven't seen
in a while yo I hear my dad talk about
Rudy you like he didn't deserve the spot
he did it's true
he didn't deserve what was it he
shouldn't have been there in the first
place any speaking shouldn't be you will
be at the show at U of M yes I will as
will notice Angie October 25th yeah a
lot going on I tried to stop at
Eventbrite Orlov credit comes much to
her and it was sold out no no we
actually just reserved a big-ass room
Pierre points common lounge it'll be an
overflow party with prizes the costume
contest and our buddy Eric Nimr will be
will be there
nice live yeah so we'll be going back to
up here points calming lounge by sky
because we couldn't really get Hill
Auditorium there's a lot of stuff going
on does just don't cross it off your
list don't cross it off come hang out
you're gonna be a blast in the lounge
ourselves by the way leading the news
see we finally got the news Donald Trump
of course this is the Twitter is all
abuzz about this we should warning to
Mexico about the migrant caravan heading
to a border this came to us from CNBC I
must in the strongest of terms Donald
Trump's at esque Mexico to stop this odd
slot and if I'm unable to do so I will
call up the US military and then in all
caps close our southern border yeah
Gordon they're obviously getting all
this I was getting a little dicey here
and some people are concerned that we
actually obtained exclusive audio yeah
from president Trump's call to the
brethren in Mexico well kind of hello
Mexico yeah sure you just like taco I
know it's you at their pad yeah okay now
I know frankly how to print out the
little Ed's with the squiggly hat and I
know because you guys tricked me last
year at New Year's when I said I know
you filthy son of a okay quit the games
you tricky little listen about
that care of Ed Pena stop giving them
gasoline gasoline oh no point oh okay
and I'll take it out yograj I got I got
the dad I got a dad joke what caravan
more likes caravan wow we led with that
people but how terrible are like all of
the other countries are basically
pointing them north and handing them a
map like they're not stopping them at
any borders or anything I think you're
trying to escape hell but don't come
here go to Canada by the way around it
is not hell because there are no claims
that are inferior and or so that's nice
Central America has just never gotten it
together their veins are you have to
chimera that down there like giving them
water and Gatorade guys keep going I
don't know I guess well let's just pivot
there's there's no there's nowhere else
to mine here so turning to I guess
Entertainment News Amy Schumer said that
she feels quote really bad for women
more attractive than her a lot of women
I think a specific woman in the
interview is what spurred it she said
quote being a woman sucks I feel really
bad for these girls who are so hot
because guys can't handle it you can't
have a conversation I actually feel
really bad for them oh that's so sweet
respond the woman in question while her
boyfriend used Amy Schumer to help her
over a puddle what a gentleman that is a
gentleman yeah attractive woman where
her foot
placement is like just to add insult to
injury right right to the future to
think about like leftist they they don't
see individuals so it's just women when
she says I feel bad for women or it
sucks being a woman she's basically
saying it sucks being me and I don't
know how to say individuals so I just
say a demographic yeah yeah this is like
a beatdown plate and every stocks being
fat and socks
I feel bad for you because you're in
better shape than me like the fact that
you just have you just have the big the
big hips because you're you were a
football player listen I can Bob I give
God some don't pout you're stronger I'm
wearing black so it doesn't show you're
stronger leaner and quicker let's be
honest freak athlete here is Gerald at
Jim Morgan Jr is all that wine I guess
it's beating up on Michigan's actually
actually I guess helps a prevent s good
cardio best estrogen buildup in the body
aroma taste I guess I guess the
resveratrol and wine is good for that
yeah definitely hope that's why you have
that's why you don't have ladies to give
you nightmares well anyway you were
taught you just talking about like a
complete sociopath you don't even talk
you're not looking at jails or me
looking like this
well then I see my thoughts ahead ones
like a cat he's always plotting our doom
no protective I'm like plotting but it's
good stuff yeah James O'Keefe Dean Cain
coming up something that gives children
nightmares there's a video from a police
dashcam which shows we have video right
you actually shows despite a giant
spider ready and poised to attack a
traffic cop oh my gosh yeah do we have a
clip
that is look the thing is just it's
ready to pounce that is absolutely
terrible terrified the spider by the way
was later detained and questioned
regarding assault on a police officer as
well as his involvement with the
arachnid Brotherhood so that does seem
yeah okay okay that's like spider-man's
older brothers that gotten a mess you
know he wasn't all about helping people
he's all about our mess yeah deep fear
of spiders by the way this is this is
like snake island what you did to me oh
you say snake island actually in an area
of several areas of Texas but South
Dallas there are these spiders that now
actually work as a team and you will see
it have whole canvases Oh lighter webs
over them oh yeah yeah we were driving
by there one from we're on a road trip
johnny-boy and I what what is that we
walked up and it's just the look on her
face which oh it's just oh it almost
looks as though your it looks as though
you're staring at a tree through a
cheesecloth and a film of spiders we
made a spider or tweet the pictures I
instantly know now that you say that I
didn't know it was a team about camel
spiders oh yeah they're not really
spiders though technically what are they
what are they
there are technically closer to the
scorpion family yeah they eat like
lizards and stuff they're gigantic
so my buddies that served in the Middle
East says they'll go in a camel and just
I don't know I mean I'm very good mr.
visual with you do it we'll show him
again
we got it it's that's important up for
me that really ought that drove the
point home otherwise I would have been
very confused thing to the audio sorry
so finally if spiders don't terrify you
there's there's this tryna think about
introduced it just there's no way to
it's a new viral video entitled my
partner identifies as a dog yeah
I've been involved in a pet play for my
entire life a lot of people like to play
pretend that's a man tend to be an
animal yeah there's no man to woman
doing it I just never been a man and a
woman yeah start dating let's not put
this in our time capsules they say when
the student is ready the monster appears
yeah all the S&M gear yeah oh
every boy dreams of man's best friends
is it okay to call her Timmy's in
the well you want to do weird sex tricks
to him okay boy good girl girl good
actor was a boy yeah it's no longer good
enough just to be gay yeah you really
have to outdo the nice love just what is
this this is normally they're dressed up
as a dog with leather chokers and the
ball gag with the whole like ever gets
to go through a PowerPoint to tell their
parents they want a dog I'm gonna walk
it I'm gonna feed it I will brush it
that's not what Sarah McLachlan added
fine hard to bleep on that
what is completely both ways yeah the
trans if you look at the common we're
gonna hey whatever you want to do to
live your truth and in the same thing by
the way it is it's a transgender I think
male to female a female to male so who'd
have thought that surprised you'd keep
on going down that slippery slope and to
living as a dog and he says you know
puppy plays you as well or he goes I
don't know just hey hang me from the
gallows for saying the wrong thing I
don't know whatever yeah just just and
he says she says like well no actually
I'm a real dog but then later let's just
play it say oh you're a real dog yeah
but that's a crime no no I'm not a real
dog because you still have sex with me
you know but we can just treat these
people as crazy if they were if they
were okay with like yeah I'm kind of
psychotic
that'd be okay with that but they're
saying no I'm completely normal well
devised mental illness yes I just hope
Michael Vick kills this person we can
put them in the ring dogfighting when
it's actually good my I think it doesn't
kill anybody I always had a choice
it was tryouts who let the dogs out who
dog you're just lying dog related titled
it's just getting a little lazy that's
Augie dog he's a snoop now it's like
boys at Puff Daddy P Diddy than just
Diddy yeah they keep changing I think
John Combs Mark Sean Combs
so let me trigger the strawberry so
she's a male to female transgender
before becoming a duck so it's just this
complete concoction of perversion you're
crazy so which is bruised screwed up at
what's crazy it means what right now
we're actually you know you know this is
absurd yeah yeah we're just talking yeah
sure about jazz Jennings yesterday know
yesterday was advocate two days ago
talking about his her her penis or his
penis to a girl I know it's a slice it
in half inverted banana split that whole
business and you have to make sure
there's enough tissue so that you can do
that inject yourself full of cancerous
estrogen we know what it does to the
male body when injected in an excess
amounts and this person then still by
the way doesn't change your chromosomes
doesn't affect the body tries to close
it as a womb yeah and then they say well
we all go along no you don't get the
drug every seer is the point everyone
has a line you don't get to draw the
line on someone putting on S&M gear
walking around like a tamagotchi or nano
pet when you allow jazz Jennings they
are both equally absurd you don't get to
draw your own line by the way there's
more to this I actually spoke with my
fiance who's in the medical field about
this and apparently you have to keep
inserting something into it yes
and gradually be bigger because it's
close and close itself at the wound does
it change him because no you're still
thinking about the dog this is the
filleting of the penis we'll go back to
something more sane like how is it not
an illness if you require surgery and a
wife is a nurse I want to yes yes you
basically said so you have to insert a
a dildo or some sort whatever right and
you have to whoa whoa sorry you can
believe that I guess I don't know and
then you have to keep it like it doesn't
produce its own moisture and so you have
to keep it like that
wait is that actually a thing no about
that we're not supposed to you can't use
the word moisture on the show yeah we're
gonna block them yeah that's a bleep for
sure it's just just like with
transgenderism where caitlyn jenner just
becomes a walking Barbie doll right it's
like hey I think I'm all of the
stereotypes that we you know have
perfected that we have perpetuated a
society or a patriarchal society of
women down that's all these transgenders
really attempt to fulfill they just end
up being a walking stereotypical woman
but we never call on that as totally
accept that it's the same thing here
these people they're only attempting to
perpetuate the fun stereotype of a dog
at least wouldn't win oh and I reload
the weekends we put some commitment into
it did you take a dump on my laptop woof
why would they dress as a blueberry for
some reason I don't know I think you're
chewing bubblegum I was in Willy Wonka
or opposed to I already feel awkward
seeing dogs poop out in the wild like
they always look over their shoulder at
you like why you looking at me if I saw
a human being doing this dress up as a
dog I don't know what I would do hopper
doesn't look you in the eye hey that's
no fear like a Hodgman yeah I don't like
the word either maybe like grossed me
out
I know really you wouldn't fare well in
Germany or San Francisco okay so
everyone everyone got all this topic are
we good yeah we're good
you can I got one more joke about it
okay this person has to go door-to-door
Petco to say that they're a sex offender
who let the dogs out that's it that's
all I got look at Penn ya little
bow-wow no Romeo yeah well now you're
not even dog just saying things with Lil
I don't know okay so we're gonna be
talking about because it's a slow news
week but I think this macro context
matters coming off the transgender dog
story Keira Knightley and here is it
Kristen or Kirsten I always get that
wrong I don't really care you know made
news recently for taking issue with the
classic Disney Princess film so both
kind of towards different approaches but
again if you
Google keira knightley if you google
Kristen Bell you can see just just the
laundry list of feminist complaints and
male bashing but in this instance they
were both very specific about the Disney
films they hate and why let's let's
start with nightly problems with I think
Little Mermaid in Cinderella Cinderella
mm-hmm and because you know she ate she
waits around for a rich guy to rescue
her don't rescue I mean the suns are
great but do not give your voice up for
a man made so I'm having that one's a
little tricky one bit now but I'm
kidding to give your voice up for a map
didn't Ariel gain King legs pretty good
trades a trade-off yeah it's a great
trade if walk on land by the way good
bravery going on a lesbians talk show
bashing men I dunno I will say that I
I'm gonna be won over all right this was
followed by Kristen Bell I think this is
an over like there's no clip of this
finding Snow White problematic saying
that she wasn't comfortable with Disney
films these are some quotes from Kristen
Bell every time we closed Snow White and
a look at my girls I asked don't you
think it's weird that snow white didn't
ask the old witch why she needed to eat
the apple or where she got that Apple I
say I would never take food from a
stranger would you and okay
nope this is by the way lit in the
article comes from parents come when she
talks about why she's uncomfortable to
Disney film that's the point the point
to it the witch work that is the
stranger danger it's a conversation
starter it's like Aesop family just they
can't write what are you setting to
follow the bouncing Aesop along the
bottom of the screen to learn to let
it's your job as a parent which goes eat
the apple and she starts convulsing in a
seizure for you go see bad things happen
are you just stupid to have children how
is this a problem that's the point
well the hilarious part is that she was
a princess in frozen she was Anna yeah I
know that let's try said the old ones
are bad the new ones right like she's
like Jack and Jill went up the hill to I
got nothing I hate these people
it's like the whole point Kevin Spacey
says tell me more about Jack did you
break his crown
what's a crown did he get to fix did you
break my crown is polishing straw you
know you saw the ride you butter took it
anyway
Bev Christa's go she goes time to add
don't you think that it's weird that the
prince kisses Snow White without her
permission because you cannot kiss
someone when they're sleeping
congratulations
firstly you've completely missed the
point of a fairy tale this is unreal
this is just the macro issue that now
all of a sudden there's a problem this
idea of princesses and princes and a
dragon distantly were talking on this
with Jocko there's a great book called
wild at heart it's human nature but now
it's become the movement just like me
too everyone's afraid to speak out so
Disney's been inundated with feminist
complaints lately and unfortunately been
crafting more modern fairy tales in
response princess we were here to save
ya know she can save herself she looks
at you look plenty and power that
breachers got a handle you know it's not
because we're man decides the English
page took a hard turn that's a burn
victim out there Ariel do you need now
we can't hear you
helper if she does oh she's
actively asked for it
title 9 you stay away from no joke
because she's and all the pop castles
that's the devil's triangle
you mean like the drinking game no seen
that coming Hollywood now thinks a fairy
tale is just a snappy story from a gay
guy yeah I just thought that Wow
no little boys like rescuing princesses
and little girls like being pretend
rescued yes here's something else that
people don't notice it and we'll get
into each kind of it we'll go through a
few examples of Disney I think it's
important to get into the specifics down
now why does this matter than why you
spend so much time in Disney for the
same reason that people complain about
there not being enough black people in
in films and then I laughed my ass off
and eating the Beast when they come on
