maybe you can help me with this with
LGBTQ if genders non-binary what do we
do with the B the B yeah bisexual
alright very special episode here today
I know I know I was just off there she
when I can see him I can't hear them
because since this is our first meeting
mm-hmm and I know we've disagreed on
issues in the past and I think we agree
on some issues now I think let's go
right into it you can follow her on
Twitter at Go Green 18
of course you probably know her YouTube
channel Laci green TV MS green thank you
for being here
hi Steven how you do it I'm doing well
how are you I'm very good yeah this
doesn't need to be awkward or weird I
know you've met a ton of more right
leading people now and I think I just
heard you speaking with mr. Reagan over
there who's a little bit in the center
yeah my boyfriend I wouldn't describe
him as Center but okay you know whatever
funny chick but I'm glad we finally have
you on the show thank you for coming on
I appreciate it
it was one that was really requested by
a lot of fit by the way not to be
confused for those looking at the plugs
as glozell green no noted Oh Lord now
Laci green oh well no no we don't want
to short you little obvious you never
know if they search it you know noted
feminists and actually has one finally
degree in a bathtub full of fruit leaf
role of fruit loops probably not you
never know you never know
there's a bright YouTube future ahead
where I'm bathing in cereal you can just
make it a patreon bonus if someone pays
enough they can watch you bathe in Froot
Loops and apply chaps and there would be
someone who would do that I guarantee
you let me ask this it was really
requested by a lot of fans
you were a noted feminist I think we did
even some rebuttals a long time ago
don't hold it against us with some of
your videos that were very popular and
then you you mentioned you know taking
the red pill and obviously this has been
documented a lot of people are familiar
with it but for people who aren't can
you kind of set it up and explain to
them what does that mean for for Laci
green what was that
like well I was that video was mostly
just me saying that I was willing to
talk to people who consider themselves
red pillars I would not call myself a
red pillar right any way but yeah I have
always really you know I come from a
really conservative background I have
family members that voted for Trump and
they're very religious and they live at
the middle of nowhere you know I am NOT
like insulated liberal in any sense the
word and they started talking about some
of these things on my youtube channel
and how important it is to just sort of
like sit down have a beer have a chat
with people who see things differently
than you and to really understand where
other people are coming from and I think
everyone should do that and we should
all be open to changing our minds about
the things that we believe in learning
more and growing so I made this video
you know just not really thinking much
of it that I was going to oh that's a
mistake on the youtubes yeah yeah well I
there were lessons learned yes
especially namely don't read the comment
section but I appreciate that the
hutzpah that it took to do that anyway
yeah yeah so yeah I mean I I got a lot
of flack for that and continue to but
whatever you know I'm not why though I
don't understand why I mean what you
just said right now what you just
expressed seems entirely reasonable
that's something that we believe on this
program we have an open invitation to
anyone and we'll allow them a platform
to speak I understand why you leave
polarizing right how how is that pot
what kind of Fleck do you get for that I
think people from across the spectrum
who just have really hyper partisan
opinions feel that you know what
regardless of where they're coming from
on the political spectrum feel about
talking being willing being willing to
listen to someone else and try to hear
them out and understand them is sort of
like conceding how you see things or
like agreeing with them and maybe I just
communicated it poorly or maybe people
are just so polarized and tribalistic
online that it just sort of created this
spiraling frenzy
but it's stupid I mean it's really
idiotic you know yes it obviously is you
see across the spectrum so I know you
mentioned you've talked about how people
on the Left feminists sort of thought
you were a turncoat and you had had
death threats against you I heard about
your story in a parking lot because you
would accidentally used the word
when quoting quit Chris Crocker who used
it himself and they said you led to the
deaths I don't this is this people watch
your videos I'm not I'm not hurling mud
lacey has talked about if it sounds
absurd it sounds absurd to me as well
but what kind of flack would you get you
know across the spectrum on on the right
for saying hey let's have a conversation
how are they mad about that a lot of
people saw me as trying to like just do
it for abused or accusing me of trying
to trick them or you know not being
willing to have the conversation
themselves because they felt that I had
hurt them in some crazy way you know
like you've done so much damage there's
no way you know anybody on our side
shouldn't talk to you and it's just
people are just crazy across the board
like everyone just needs to chill out
you know just have a conversations you
know I think the part of it though was
maybe like I didn't see the videos you
made to me but like some people made
some videos that I would say we're
pretty inflammatory and close-minded
themselves ours probably were you
needn't watch them but that's the
majority yes okay cool well noted you
know I think that that sort of attracts
the type of person who isn't really open
to having conversations or learning more
they just want to hear things that
reinforce their own worldview yeah no
III agree with you and we talk a lot
about you know I've worked at Fox News
for four and a half years before I
founded that no yeah it was not a fun
experience no not very cool as a matter
I think it's the opposite of cool when
at commercial break and I'm on a panel
there selling self lubricating pocket
catheters I don't think of it I can't
think anything less cool than that Lacey
but I walk in bathtubs appreciate so you
know I will say though having been you
know I was raised in a socialist
province in Connecticut there is no
conservative there's liberal and liberal
separatists so like you I was not raised
in a in a far-right insular bubble there
no right-wing it didn't exist I came to
the United States to learn about it that
being said I've definitely in my
experience having been in Quebec and
been here and with with speech laws in
place like Canada which much more
closely mimic Europe I've really seen
the right here to be more open to it to
a dialog this is a matter of fact you're
kind of a rarity for people on the left
many of them won't come on the show many
of them don't have conversations at all
yeah yeah yeah that is an interesting
thing I thought so I don't know like I
can't I don't like making
generalizations but I feel like maybe
this is something that is being
exacerbated online because most of
people that I'm friends with like in the
in the real world are down to have a
conversation but one thing that I've
noticed happens online a lot in on the
left is people have this idea kind of
like what I was how you about before
right where if you talk to somebody who
has views that you believe are abhorrent
or hurtful or harmful or whatever but
that is giving them power it's giving
them a platform this is what all of the
feminists youtubers sort of disowned me
over right they said that I was like
empowering yeah right or whatever like
empowering the people that I disagree
with by by simply talking to them right
and and not only is that their that idea
but anybody even you know like myself or
anybody who doesn't really see it that
way they're fans will come after them
right so there's like this huge risk
that you take and nobody wants to you
know piss off their fans so yeah I
understand we've I've seen a small
portion of that for example we've talked
don't agree with Alex Jones on much of
anything but I've done a show several
times his son's a fan and his son you
know given him merchandise and I've been
on his show and told me I disagree them
some conservatives I said well you're
you're enabling some of this
conspiratorial views and pretty clear I
mean I've been on MSNBC and BBC and Sky
News that being said it was a very very
small percentage of people it seems in
comparison to the reaction to you from
feminists where what you're saying what
you're saying isn't that inflammatory
that's the thing yeah I don't I don't
think so but some people do and they
still give me you know so post about me
every day which is like
what do you do it ya know I mean to me
it's like if you have if there are real
problems in the world and real problems
in your life why are you obsessing over
what people on it like random ask people
on the internet do but doesn't really
have like much write effect on the world
yes and I do think a lot of people there
focus on that that's why when we do this
show we've we've always tried to focus
on for example if I disagree I don't
want to strum and we use clips and
quotes in policy from Bernie and Hillary
and Young Turks and we say here the
mainstream views that we disagree with
because anyone can find the Westboro
Baptist Church and your act as though
there are more than 14 members with
flippers you know or a bread yeah and
the same thing on the left but you know
there's some mainstream views for me as
a conservative on the red on the left
that I find disconcerting let me and he
said you wouldn't consider yourself a
red pillar I understand that it sounds
to me like the main thing that's changed
is your view on having a conversation
maybe maybe freedom of speech open
dialogue a little more is that kind of
really when you say was red pill that's
the fundamental difference between pre
2017 Laci green and post yeah I think
that's the main thing but also I I
sympathize and understand some of the
criticisms of the feminist movement that
are made online and I agree with a lot
of them so maybe that's if you want to
call that red bell you know I I think we
don't need anymore our thoughts I think
people get the picture if someone's
already condemned you for being on the
show I understand it's like it's like
consumers like not a Nazi not a Nazi
heard the audio only version yeah that's
probably enough not a Nazi but I think I
think school vouchers might be good he's
a Nazi I knew it so then let me ask you
this you say sympathize what would be
different
what views would you say have changed in
in pre 2017 Laci green in post so you
say sympathizes let's start with that
you know I have always thought this
stuff and I've talked about it on line
many times because I myself have been
victim of really vitriolic mob attacks
online yeah many times so you know I've
always growing up on the internet and
being someone who just kind of like
shares their opinions online have seen
the dark underbelly of the the movements
that I am aligned with and I feel like
I've seen all the dark
your belly a spear I'm in and that so
much and that's your job and it's pretty
horrible but yeah I I would say the main
thing is just feeling like there are
some aspects of the feminist movement
that are just really toxic that had been
really toxic to me that have been really
toxic to people that I know and you know
I have always felt that way it sort of
talked about it it was kind of scared to
poke the Beast but now I really don't
give up because I really think that
there has been a tipping point where it
has become so toxic that it's actually
hurting the very causes that I believe
in okay what elements I guess when you
say Tom when you say toxic of feminism
specific um yeah well there's a lot of
things but I think one of them for
instance is like the Mott but the hate
mobs when somebody says or does
something problematic you know that that
is do you not like there's the eye out
for those listening audio she's doing it
again she's doing again people listen to
audio sometimes and they go what why did
you I'm like no no you missed it so okay
just but I appreciate it I just say but
you know I because I hate that word
problematic like what is that
I don't even that's a change because he
used to use that word I always use that
word in sort of ironic sense and if you
like go back and watch my MTV videos
people didn't really pick up that I was
kind of making fun of it they thought I
was serious because you know I guess
that's a legitimate mistake turn based
sort of a feminist Tony Clifton you
played them and that's that's okay I
respect that
yeah I also just think people get so
like hyped up about words like triggered
or problematic it's like everyone just
you know it's like a buzz word that
people lose their minds that but yeah
but this coming back to what I was
saying sure use this idea that like if
you do or say something that is steam
problematic you are now a horrible
person who deserves to die and lose your
job and you you caused all this terrible
stuff you know you're you're responsible
for the violence against all these
people just for like maybe having kind
of an ignorant or different even opinion
not something and I think that's a
really toxic mentality that makes it so
that people can actually have a
conversation about things and they can't
actually hear each other
or respect each other because nobody is
going to be this
like image of ideological purity there's
all these purity tests right and as soon
as you've been deemed not pure enough
for the left you're just done they'll
throw you in the trash and one one thing
that I like in a line with some of my
more moderate to right weighting friends
is this idea that we're still human
beings and we should still be able to
like see through our differences and
work through them in a respectful way
you know and I I really value loyalty
I'm a very employable person and I find
more of my like politically I find more
of my moderate to right-leaning friends
are at the end of the day even if they
think I'm like a crazy nutjob liberal or
whatever right they aren't gonna just a
bit up and leave me and you know stop
talking to me like many of my liberal
friends have you know I've never been
abandoned by my right-wing friends over
my views left-wing absolutely that isn't
that is interesting you know I uh I
guess never really thought of it but
having had left-wing friends like Sally
Cohen in the show and when people kind
of doggie piled on her I'd try to say
listen I disagree with her but she's a
very decent human being that being no
you know what you're absolutely right
now that I go back all my left-wing
friends from Montreal none of them like
me anymore
they all hate me then again they might
have just been looking for an excuse so
um many do how would we say so
something's you talked about quite a bit
since I have you here and you talk about
sort of respectfully either finding
common ground or disagreement like toxic
masculinity you talked about quite a bit
and it seems as though you've
transitioned a little but certainly in
your explanation of how it's often
perceived or described how would you
describe your view then and now if it's
if it's changed I don't think it's
really ever changed I have always felt
that there are elements of how we raise
girls and how we raise boys those gender
roles that we you know uphold so highly
in our culture that there are some roles
for boys and girls that are hurtful to
them and could be toxic to others and
when we're talking about toxic
masculinity that pigpen take in
particular and one of the big issues is
telling boys to suppress their feelings
and
deal with their upset and their emotions
with violence you know I think that men
should be able to express their feelings
and when we shame them and call them
boys and being a little girl or whatever
for having feelings that that is a
really tough thing to do to a human
being yeah
because men are humans too and they're
gonna have feelings sometimes you know
sure yeah I don't I I don't think anyone
would disagree with that though I think
what I would disagree with is the
presupposition that society tells young
men to deal with their emotions through
violence you know that's where I would
say you know biologically young boys
tend to be more aggressive young boys
tend to be more hands-on more
rambunctious
and a lot of them are frustrated because
we put them in a public education system
which is designed for women not young
boys and we tell them not to be not only
not to be violent but sometimes not to
be young boys which is a bit rough and
tumble yeah I think I think you know I I
will agree with you that boys because of
testosterone and you know that's a
generalization but in general they do
have a lot of aggressive energy or a lot
of energy in general and that's why I
think that we need to have positive
outlets for boys like you know I think
sports is a great great outlet for
people's energy and girls have that
energy to sometimes you know it really
just depends but sports and healthy
competitions ways to get that energy out
in healthy ways that doesn't hurt people
I don't think there's ever this message
that like well sometimes there is but
usually it's not like you should go out
beat someone up but sometimes it is
sometimes it's like oh you're having a
problem with someone at school you
should like show them who's boss
you know you should take them down and
not put up with their crap because
that's how you show that you have
self-respect as a man and I think that
that is like not a very productive thing
to tell boys my dad told my little
brother this all the time like you
should just you know beat him up and I'm
like maybe not though yeah maybe we can
say yeah I've never ever heard that in
my I wonder how much with with I guess
sort of modern third wave feminism is
this perceived societal conditioning
versus what's happening in actuality
because if you look at any public school
any public program any intramural sports
they punish severely any outbursts
of violence and I've never heard anyone
personally tell a young boy to be
violent I've heard them say defend
yourself my dad told me that I almost
think that telling young boys they
shouldn't be the way that they are with
checks and balances is more toxic than
trying to create outlets that maybe
aren't the most conducive toward
actually like you said sort of expending
some of this this aggressive
testosterone Laden energy well I don't
think that anybody I mean I think for
one thing intramural sports is different
than how boys and girls are socialized
like there's no doubt about it that we
