[Music]
turn this off anyway no no not that way
you know it keep going keep going
[Music]
love's lift us up where we belong
where our frisbee it's fine
from the margins
[Music]
louder with Crowder studios protected
exclusively by Walter
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
it's June which marks louder with
Crowder's third annual cultural
appropriation month where we take you
across the globe learning and
appreciating all the great cultures this
planet has to offer this week allow us
to transport you to the oft persecuted
what ass-kicking culture of Israel
[Music]
they do that so Israel
thanks to Dolan broadened by the way at
dole broaden for the idea of Israel
culture appropriation my really
interested third year in a row it caught
on and we're going to be looking at I
think seeing the best live costume every
week this this month before ultra to see
see who wins a cultural probation
contest costume contest mighty dapper
over there my friend you're looking like
I look more like Mary Poppins had sex
with Dustin Hoffman and hook siddik was
the goal on the show he's gonna be
thrilled with the get-ups no I'm not as
angry as Sally Kohn last year with
Sweden about razor sores on the show and
let me talk about Samantha bee we're
gonna be talking about the Forbes top
100 apparently no athletes there were
women but I think behind cultural
appropriation months people who don't
realize is to appropriate is to
appreciate one that's and so we always
want to Israel I don't know here's some
little facts from Israel our brilliant
researcher the beast reg as we call him
Israel is actually home to the city with
the most chess grandmasters in the world
mmm I would have thought they'd be Asian
if Israel thank for actually it looks
the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers had no
idea a little pissed off now that came
to us from Israel but again they put in
nothing but Asians in those suits I love
how it's like Jason Billy the black guy
and then once again suits it's all just
14 year old female Japanese gymnast yeah
and a little-known fact also is really
only functioning democracy in the Middle
East
oh that's awkward
we'd take care of it but we know we'd be
in the nightly news so please always do
is not a foam on Twitter not gay Jared
made us cry terrific how much I thought
your photo shops again your costumes and
your suggestions yeah uh what would you
like and also who would like to see for
long-form interviews by the way we have
some coming up we have some changed my
mind's coming up next week some hidden
camera segments a long-form with Dennis
Prager obviously Jordan Pederson but who
else we're always looking for people you
want to hear an interview with an hour
for FM family obligation historian
conclusions we good I apologize for
ready player one yeah wasn't that bad it
was not that bad also Jurassic Park to
I'm surprised you took that one on I
know at G Morgan Jr IDF resident in
chief thank you right I feel so powerful
in this yeah from our Jewish bladder
feel that way that's better
a Jewish wine I think it's a Jewish name
right thanks for doing your research it
actually I looked it up spend computers
are you ready to do research and
overlays you already get it right I'm
ready over here you can follow me on
Twitter don't sweat it I'm gonna form
you at Elon Musk enstein you think he's
wearing black because of the outfit or
easy this was very difficult for you the
tough one to be here and I don't think
it's black I don't think he's mourning
what his what his people that I think
he's mourning this episode good good
okay so news of the day listen now
president Donald Trump has now this is
trending invokes the War of 1812 not
really the war but the fact that you
know English colonists colony and Canada
burn in the White House had a call with
Justin Trudeau this comes to us from CNN
Trudeau press Trump on how he could
justify the tariffs as a national
security issue and in response Trump
quipped to Trudeau
didn't you guys burn down the White
House referring to the war issue of 1812
and let it go yet of course listen
there's been a long-standing tension
between Trudeau and president Trump's
it's not a secret and we actually have
exclusive footage of the phone call I
believe that is needlessly insulting of
course we do what about much we are okay
this is how it's gonna go okay you're
going to stop the tariff and you're
going to start up all the your end of
the deal won't be pushed around by the
likes of you oh the guys you burned out
the White House excuse me Oh White House
you put it down at 1812 was a bold move
okay caught us by surprise but that's
just because don't expect their friends
to burnt out their British colonies okay
you're sticking Jumpman did I remind you
about the Revolutionary War the Mexican
American War the spanish-american war
the Civil War freed those guys okay
Persian Gulf War World War one to seek
if you don't buy the appears acute
there's gonna be a three quote oh that's
right I forgot because you guys bet over
for the British I looked at people who
fought about to become the greatest
country the world has ever seen frankly
the greatest your people bent over and
took it at the okay frankly that's why
you still have that old hag on your
buddy
we have Washington Lake and great men
frankly the best man they're gonna make
a Koi to be okay it could have been coy
with Trump with my face at the side of
it you know it should be on the other
side of the coin no be still be back in
Europe it's almost like he takes it the
most is is he so transparent with his
schedule like you know he doesn't he's
not aware of it but you know exactly he
was probably Wikipedia himself that
morning stumbled a product cut across
the page Oh 1812 and like I'm gonna work
this hey hey do you believe this not in
my house do you think it's Fox and
Friends obsession you just know you can
know exactly where he's getting points
this is like breaking news for him you
know it's good the National Institutes
of Health are spending three hundred
fifty thousand dollars on a new study or
I guess they spent three the final
lesbians are using the right form of
contraception leading researchers Jenny
Higgins an associate professor in gender
women's studies as a surprise the
studies examining quote unique barriers
lesbians and bisexuals key word being
bisexuals have to adequate contraceptive
care just so you know the massive study
began with a questionnaire beginning
with are you a lesbian and ending with
them collecting a check that's it and it
may sound absurd some say this study was
simply meant to parlay funding actually
into their next study regarding the
vexing correlation between gay men and
fondness for breasts looks like that's
correlate correlation does not equal
causation yes
and another side another what another
quarter million to uh to deliberate over
the new FAA rules for Penguins so that
was enough but who also happened to be
gay I should have clarify these are
getting into the spirit right Stephen
can't get their backs the more it sits
lesbianism is not linear it's it's it's
a sphere two circle it's a circle of the
spectrum so the more lesbian you become
actually the more susceptible to
pregnancy it's impossible million
discovery I love what they tossing
bisexuals like we're gonna study
contraceptive care I don't think and
bisexuals cut the check I cannot this is
this is a true story right this is a
true story yeah indeed I'm like I'm like
certain passenger history I take that
back
no no he's only think about for this
violation of the German constitution
literally is we did over that time we
were doing a veteran remember that not
dated and it was a great guy kind of
hilarious I can't say that I would never
be able to go back it's an actual
violation of the German constitution
this part will have to be scrapped from
there yeah exist part will not be
scrubbed from the episode so everybody
better keep rolling those burns
speaking of angry raging lesbians at
least they seem so Cecil Richards CeCe
you'll reach Richard he'll feel not the
lion the bad one Planned Parenthood
Planned Parenthood same she sparked
outrage I hate to use it when she but
she tweeted the Trump administration
policy of taking children from their
families is immoral we as a nation are
better than this hash tag families
belong together so I want to make sure
you understand this yeah Cecile Richards
president of an organization that
profits off of literally dismembering
babies and sucking them down a tube is
expressing moral outrage over deporting
illegal immigrants yeah I just let that
sit in yeah most of the time when Adolf
Hitler told Winston Churchill that he
was being a total dick or Mao accused
the Chinese citizens of senseless
violence and scratching my tanks you're
going to wear well
I just bought those white Wow hey you
what can't use cha clear this is this is
she later explained yourself that after
seeing all those born alive children and
tweeted her expressive tweet all that
money down the drain that's really what
she was upset speaking of expressing
herself and also likely a raging angry
lesbian who knows I know she's married
but I would love to meet that husband
Samantha B apologized and just as you
would think it's the worst apology it's
the worst non-apology it's it's not even
a non-apology
it's just bad you know a lot of people
were offended in angry that I used an
epithet to describe the president's
daughter and adviser last week it is a
word I have used on the show many times
hoping to reclaim it I never intended it
to hurt anyone except Ted Cruz many men
were also offended by my use of the word
I do not care about that I should have
known that a potty mouth insult would be
inherently more interesting to them than
juvenile immigration policy if you are
worried about the death of civility
don't sweat it
I'm a comedian I am I'm really sorry
that I said that word but you know what
civility is just nice words maybe we
should all worry a little bit more about
the niceness of our actions okay I agree
with that but guess what her actions are
her show her words are her actions
that's all she does so first off let's
go through that real quick shed her
words never were intended hurt anyone
what about Ivanka well no you have taken
in contact okay
you called her a feckless in which
context was that designed to be anything
short of an insult then she goes I don't
care about them because men aren't
allowed to have opinions on someone
else's actions even if you're calling
said man's wife to c-word I guess then
she blames the news media cycle it's
true listen the media absolutely sucks
the news media the cable news outrage
cycle but so does she she's the one who
feeds into that she sources from
salon.com so she's kind of lost her leg
to stand on
then she closes it by putting on the
comedian hat which used to bother me a
lot about Jon Stewart and even even
Warren Trevor know even more when
Samantha B does it talking about how
matter more than words these are her
actions and here's the thing she hosts a
show in which they do nothing but feign
outrage I notice that right do you see
the irony here yeah absolutely terrible
and everything that she does apparently
can't even do this correct not that bad
about when she comes to lying about
statistical realities home
she's effective that's a really good
jacket for that one
they're brilliant to the left they owned
the media so they can just always go up
there and cover their own tracks just
like Bill Clinton is you see Bill
Clinton on Colbert where he basically
teed him up to apologize for all of his
comments about mama Liu I know that's
apologizing well she talks because I
know it's more interesting than Donald
Trump's asinine immigration policy
oh yes because samantha bee clearly
you're in the minority when it comes to
the media berating Trump over his
immigration policy you're the one
swinging you're swimming upstream right
that's what's happening here
you're risking it Samantha this is what
they always hold themselves out as
martyrs it's maybe you are the news
cycle you're a part of it's TBS I think
it Turner Broadcasting is if I'm not
mistaken as a parent company isn't it
the parent company they're us I think
Ted Turner
yeah he's riding on a bison giving money
with VNC and all this show constantly
demands apologies from people well now
they're providing a non-apology apology
so here's how an honest apology would
have been and I don't want an apology
from Samantha but no are using either
apologize or just be honest okay I got
caught I called the president's daughter
c-word yeah it was intended to be
hurtful I've done in the past I thought
I could continue to get away with it I'm
wrong sorry to those I deliberately
aimed to hurt or just don't apologize
either would be fine
offended I'm a little clueless here too
that she sucked at apologizing and she
said she wanted to reclaim the c-word I
don't know that's another thing what
does that mean I don't know even if it
meant you want to make that word cool
again was it ever cool well never how
much flack I got into not gauge when we
did that poster of Hillary Clinton
and we said is going to be the new
enemy down the back from fun
yeah I'm starting a lot of flack yeah we
still got a lot of we had the
picture of Hillary Clinton like the
Obama blue and red you can go back and
read the article great photos too
election was fantastic and we said this
election is going to be the new
n-word they're going and everyone who
was racist will wake up and all of a
sudden be considered a racist be
considered a sexist I apologize and
whose phone was that whose phone was
that Nightline oh you know what that was
Nightline that was that was my phone
anyway moving on from Samantha B let us
know what you think Seattle's homeless
10th mansion if those aren't that's the
term that's been coined is been growing
so much Department they even added a keg
party April and even though it's an
eyesore to neighbors and tour City
officials have said that the multi tent
encampment is a low priority for sweeps
so they felt comfortable enough to bring
over a keg to the site though they did
warn residents to not share beverages
also they posted a notice to those who
used the homeless tent mansion jacuzzi
should probably tested for AIDS really
you're being tested for not AIDS because
if you use the homeless tent mansion
jacuzzi and dodged that bullet we want
to know how sometimes you hold the Cure
identification is a good thing that's a
scratch that it's rate it's a great it's
expensive have a keg you get a rent the
machine like the equipment who's in the
tent city this homeless has money to go
get a keg who's prioritizing that to go
get the keg methadone yeah or Bud Light
Lime you know its craft don't bad Joe
give me that things I don't like feral
peacocks they're now attacking luxury
cars in British Columbia I think we have
some b-roll of this don't we have these
actual peacocks look there they've been
attacking it actually comes from CBS
News the Mustang not TP fowl they're
saying are taking property damage to a
whole new level they've been running
rampant throughout the town attacking
cars attacking buildings and some
thought this was actually due to the
peacocks mating season some actually
were blaming it of course in a clash
with urban sprawl is to see a lot until
the peacocks started hashtag peacocks
wives matter and now we see what their
true motive was I don't know how else it
could have ended up there organized they
her peacock deer a they're more they're
more organized than Shaun King yeah
alright more going on for them to better
funding yeah I still can't believe right
cuz about pocketing half of it movie an
Ontario teachers license by the way was
suspended for two months after she told
the student to okay I don't even I can't
even necessarily read this she told the
student quote lick me where I I'm
paraphrasing flatulate yeah she said
this teacher had her license young
student to lick me where I fart on my
way said Kevin Spacey
oh so happy I don't have this kind of
windows that's created though you got to
give her some credit this is a sweat
true story right Sven computer this is
true story from Mac well I mean but
here's the funniest part of that story I
didn't I I read through the article a
headline like it doesn't what doesn't
get any worse than this does it no no it
gets better among other things who
complained it quote she told another
student it sounds like your cheeks are
too close together the hallway don't
bother me she only got two I got papers
to correct I didn't get my star but we
thought it was funny to analyze this had
actually been an ongoing problem Dennis
it's a condition oh I mean it was always
difficult but when she brought out my
condition that was crossing the line
I've suffered was gluteous constructive
itís my whole life to be teased by
students there's one thing you know kids
are clean they called about a teacher
like that it's beyond your taste but the
student in question was diagnosed with
gluteus constrictive itis at age six and
despite all the teasing claims he was
beginning to make peace with it how
would I describe it um it's kind of like
an overbite for my ass to get fired in
in socialist country I don't understand
like what if that doesn't get it I don't
know what does well her license was
revoked I said but for like two months
I mean she's having the terrorist watch
list of probably the fastest way to get
a vacation is tell a child is a snack if
he should be offering to unlock her
phone this is somebody who no longer
cares an insult no here's the thing you
know this isn't the first most person
used it oh that's a go to your ass cheek
sound like a too close together like I
said it's great it will give her points
for that conehead
going to we're gonna have razor fist and
then Governor Mike Huckabee so here is
the the other outrage of the day because
this has been a jam-packed week for news
and then it's slowed down come Thursday
thank God for cultural appropriation
must go ah the Forbes 100 highest-paid
athletes list came out and there wasn't
a single woman on the list q outraged
well this is disappointing for the first
time ever no woman made Forbes list of
100 top paid athletes topping the list
were unsurprising names like Boyd
Mayweather Messi and Ronaldo okay so of
course instant complaints calling it a
damning indictment you see from leftist
and journalists this is gonna piss you
off a little bit because the highest
paid or soccer players and I thought
