President Obama actually withheld more
information spent spent 36 odd something
million dollars under the Freedom of
Information Act to withhold information
from journalists this is not does not
matter we are not going to Obama to
compare Obama's ashes I don't know okay
time for the latest installment of
change my mind unedited conversations
with real people about controversial
topics as per usual comment the topics
you'd most like to see for future
installments below this week we made a
special trip to Washington DC and parked
outside of the White House itself to
deal with one of the most pervasive
myths in the left social nomenclature
today I'm not saying that Donald Trump
is a fascist humanity is facing an
emergency a fascist regime has seized
the reins of power and the most powerful
actually the sole superpower in the
world there's no word for this Ashley
it's fascism I mean I think that Donald
Trump himself is the dangerous
neo-fascist in the mail a flirtation
with fascism in this country now this
government's a hand-in-hand with another
passage troma
i disagree do you feel free to comment
and substantiate your argument below but
we decided to put all this to the test
unfortunately turns out most people
visiting the White House actually really
like President Donald Trump
so much so in fact it was hard to get a
whole lot of people willing to sit and
have a civil disagreement at all though
we did get quite a few as per the usual
drive-by yelling
[Music]
I you the liar
but we finally sat down with a couple of
people to have hopefully a productive
discussion about Donald Trump fascism
and accusations therein as always before
you engage in civil disagreement it's
important to define your words I'm glad
you've asked let's agree to start with a
definite you want to read that from in
us from merriam-webster political
philosophy movement or regime that
exalts nation Wow and often raised above
the individual and stance or
decentralized reading that I would say
no because I don't think he exalts the
nation at all okay well hon it continued
its centralized centralized autocratic
government headed by a dictatorial
leader well I do think she's dictatorial
okay severe economic and social
regimentation no forcible suppression of
option opposition yes okay so there you
go you just made a few assertions there
based on the definition of fascism but
we agree in the definition of fascism
I'm defining it as merriam-webster okay
all right yeah you know so I'm trying to
be as unbiased of the Kenya so where
would you say he's a fascist Donald
Trump I would say that opposition that
the suppression of opposition right the
suppression of opposition okay well
let's see we just had the man's security
clearance removed simply because he has
vocally disagreed with president
ex-general or he was a military man okay
no no actually I think he'd been the CIA
director under Obama okay and he's
threatening to remove other people's
security clearances as well he also says
the press is the enemy of the people
okay okay and then okay so can we can we
great take a couple those now because
just you two okay so a couple of things
for example um probably the most severe
example is he fired Comey right that was
a big one fire James Comey so we're
talking about the investigation I know
we often go to the Russia probe or who
he's granted security clearances to or
removed
let me ask you this is it within his
constitutional authority to do that yes
okay so that wouldn't be an example of
fascism no your problem isn't with
Donald Trump your problems with the
United States law ah then you talk about
he's
he said I want to make sure I have your
quote correct that the press is the
enemy of the people what you said I
think it said oppresses in that
definition yes but you but that was a
quote that you use right he's that
Donald Trump I said the press is the
enemy of yes he says the press is the
enemy of the people
okay you know what that quote actually
comes from no I don't just darlin yeah
Donald Trump didn't say that he talked
about fake news no he's talking about
fake news as a quote that he's used
which was a leftist term I'm sure you
know was invented by liberals which he
then co-opted an enemy are you saying
himself yeah that right now currently
whoever said at first yeah is he not
currently saying that the press is the
enemy of it that exact quote is a quote
attributed to Stalin misinformed yes yes
you are man let's move on I'm
misinformed yes that's seen his tweets
that say the press is the enemy of the
people
no his television is yeah but let's move
on again to theirs rhetoric I think it's
important and there's policy so you've
talked about the press for example and I
think that's important I think freedom
of the press is very important for
example we both agree if someone sought
to nationalize the press that would be a
problem
that'd be a step toward fascism right we
both agree on that yes okay good good so
we have some common ground there what is
Donald Trump done as far as actionable
steps taken towards suppression of the
Free Press well hasn't he tried to not
allow people into the White House into
the press room he's he's trying to
dictate who's allowed to come in and not
come in that's a small amount of
suppression it's not a legal huge shirt
you know yeah he hasn't passed law he
hasn't pulled out the police he sure but
just in saying that and
in so back to the red ride the rhetoric
so not so much policy it sounds to me
you have a problem with the rhetoric
that's correct
because its policies would actually fly
in the face of that because you you were
the one who sat down you believe as a
fascist so if we talk about policy I
mean President Obama actually withheld
more information spent spent thirty six
odd something million dollars under the
Freedom of Information Act to withhold
information from journalists Donald
Trump is not matter we are not going to
Obama to compare Obama it's ashes I
don't know okay but you said with such
authority that Donald Trump is a fascist
if I may just continue along with my
point here Barack Obama used the
Espionage Act not only to spy on but
prosecute more leakers whistleblowers
and journalists than any president in
history the reason I bring this up is
because Donald Trump hasn't done that as
a matter of fact he's been more
transparent he's been more open to the
press than the previous president
I don't think Barack Obama was a fascist
and I don't think Donald Trump is a
fascist you are saying definitively that
Donald Trump was a fascist based on
rhetoric I'm showcasing you his policy
he say this than if he's so transparent
and so open and so actually wanting the
press in why wouldn't why does he say
that
why does he's because the press has an
inherent liberal media bias dishonor oh
excuse me
why how do you prove that what are the
numbers where were the studies that this
this this mainstream media is liberal
and progressive and communist and
whatever you want to say I didn't
support the left that they have this
bias one thing if you could do me a
favor I didn't put any words in your
mouth don't put words in you but you
change the argument used to which we I
thought were talking about Donald Trump
we switched it over to no mama do you
understand the purpose for that though
you're just in the firm oh no Donald
Trump is a fascist no but why are we
talking about me because Obama actively
shot to suppress the past and Donald
Trump doesn't that's how do I know he
hasn't how do I know he has his mouth
that he does not like the press and that
they're lying and that everything that
they say is fake with the exception of
one news program
a lot of what they say yes is fake why
does he also then retweet
unsubstantiated claims for people see
again we're getting back into rhetoric
could you point me to any I have no
other substantive policies I only I the
only information I have is what I can
read and what I can see on television
okay so whatever Donald Trump puts out
as a tweet that is what I know okay what
do you read and what do you what do you
watch as far as television news i watch
fox and i watch MSNBC okay that's good
I'm glad you balanced kind of two sides
I do that's very that's very respectable
and I actually appreciate that I think
it's more valuable than watching CNN
that kind of plays down the middle when
they obviously lean left and what do you
read why do you know CNN obviously we've
looked well if you look look you want to
take Jake Tapper's example do you want
to take a multitude of their reporters
you want to take a multitude people
actually work at CNN who have direct
ties to the Hillary Clinton campaign but
I don't want to get off on the beaten
path here I brought that up because you
definitively said Donald Trump as a
fascist right I'm not mistaken that was
your service well I said that looking at
that definition I think parts of it met
Donald Trump not all of it okay so he
has not made laws or he can't make laws
but he has not done things he's not
pulled up the army or he couldn't or
forces he could make to suppress people
or oppress people he has not done that
here is actually because we don't have
these laws and we've been working I
think under the assumption that some
behaviors they were just they were over
customs they were customary this is the
way people customarily did things or
customarily presidential candidates
showed us their tax returns so no Donald
Trump hasn't broken any laws in not
doing this his tax return he simply just
broke in custody what does any of this
have to do with Donald Trump being a
fascist nothing I think I was getting to
a point of that there are points in that
where I get with that definition that I
think he pulls into fascism but not all
of us so you believe Donald Trump's tax
returns as it relates to him being a
fascist are more relevant than previous
presidents and their suppression of the
press
no I was using as tax returns as an
exist an example that's why I was using
Barack Obama in the stream of the press
so I'm okay with using the tax returns I
disagree that that would make him a
fascist no I didn't say that would no I
understand and I also didn't say that it
would make Barack Obama a fascist I'm
just was pointing out the act of
suppression and prosecution of
journalists which was unprecedent under
President Obama same thing we're talking
about you know you just mentioned that
he can't make this into law well
unfortunately because of executive
orders now in precedent there are a lot
of executive orders that have made law
you know most egregiously would be daca
or title nine that we saw from the
previous administration where as
executive actions are simply meant to
actually guide current laws and how they
are interpreted so he could so a good
example of fascism would be someone who
would sign an executive order that would
actively suppress the press he hasn't
done that an executive order you know
somehow using the Second Amendment or
changing it they're up for a free
citizenry to be an armed populace or
signing an executive order for example
that might silence freedom of speech to
roundabout ways he isn't done any of
those things you know he has actually
rolled back regulations rolled back
taxes rolled back red tape he's been
less invasive into your life so I just
don't see how my life yes and he can
break laws and get away with it that's
unfortunately been the case with you
everyone here is breaking laws if you
were to I'm general Washington DC there
no no I don't live in DC I'm not I'm not
from Washington okay so he can what laws
would you say he's broken gotten away
with of the immigration okay the problem
at the border then when people cross the
border and try to apply for
what are these the people who are saying
that they are being oppressed or
have troubled in their home countries
yes I love a refugees right and so he
says he is saying there are no refugees
these are simply all illegal immigrants
and as they step foot across the border
they are now criminals yes so is he not
breaking is that a large that simply
accustomed United Nations somebody put
out and said you have to take refugees
in is he not breaking laws no he's not a
member that is United States law your
problem would be with existing United
States law if you cross the border so
you can enter this country illegally
it's me I'm not down there or saying you
can't come across no there should be
some yeah no I'm saying I'm personally
not down there saying these people are
allowed to come across but something one
could be just President Trump has his
group of people down there saying
they're not allowed to come up right
okay they're not allowed to cross how is
that fascism I'm saying well he's
breaking laws no he's not he's enforcing
United States immigration law you can't
 immigration law versus the
problem of the refugees who were coming
here and saying I would like to apply
for refugee status I would like to prove
that I've been sure and and they just
they're not giving their day at court
they've had I think there was something
report of a woman who was her day that
she was supposed to actually be in court
wasn't on a plane being sent back to
young Venezuela or Guatemala or wherever
and the judge says get her back here can
I ask you a question I want because we
like we just and I appreciate you taking
the time and I appreciate you being
civil um I think we're maybe missing
each other here can you explain to me
someone crosses the let's say Mexican
American border right does so without
any verification just does so in the
heat of the night illegal immigrant what
is the difference between somebody who
does that and somebody who does it and
seeks refugee status what's difference
being an illegal immigrant and an
undocumented refugee who comes here
illegally
I think if there were people who were
sitting at the border trying to walk in
- from what I understood that there were
there sort of government spots where
they could walk in there and say I'm
here as a refugee please allow me in
those places were closed down how do you
make it impossible for them not to obey
the law and then arrest them and say you
disobeyed the law what law is he
disobeying by not allowing illegal
immigrants I tell you I'm not sure if
it's United States law if this is NATO
if this is some bleep it's not that we
we signed treaties with people saying we
are gonna treat refugees now in this
certain way it's not what's not it's not
you said you don't like a lot it's not a
lot so because when you brought up who
protects the refugees who gave us this
that you know a refugee comes in and
says please let me in
III understand for I understand where
you're coming from a place of compassion
right these you know and please don't go
there please don't go there we're trying
to say that to me a fascist is a person
who I'm not coming from compassion I'm
coming from this position an insult I'm
coming I understand that because I'm
compassionate towards these people but
rule of law does matter your problem is
not with not allowing these people to
come in no he's not he's not bringing
why I think that's important again
there's nothing fascist about having
borders I think if we go back to fascism
we're talking about autocratic control
of government or a racial ethno estate
there's nothing fascist about actually
enforcing current immigration law what
you know what they are does anyone know
what they are yes what are they you're
not allowed to come into this country
illegally and you should be deported it
what about the refugees I said I'm not
talking answer your legal are absolutely
I'm in prevented from doing it legally
then what is that that is enforcing
immigration laws that is not do you
believe that - right that anyone who
wants to come here should be able to be
granted citizenship no okay so what's
the problem with vetting people you are
trying to twist this around you were not
addressing the refugees you're not
addressing the fact that people are
coming here from Venezuela or Guatemala
whatever South American countries
they're trying to come in sure saying
that I can
stay there yeah we've irrelevant oh you
have such compassion but it is the law
it is irrelevant of the law yes but it's
very compassionate of you to say that
it's too bad well you just know you
don't know what the law is and then I've
informed what the law is and then you
sit Donald Trump is a fascist so I want
to make sure that I understand this you
believe Donald Trump is a fascist
because you didn't force it you've
already so pressured speech
do you believe Donald Trump is a fascist
because enforce immigration you guys can
just twirl stuff around I'm not trying
to turn your life around and say all you
want pretend to be compassionate and
you're not can I say one less one less
thing can we discuss this very hot I
know it's very hot let me let me see if
we can find common ground on this I
doubt it you doubt it I think you might
I think he may be surprised okay I
actually have a real problem with
fascism and that would be the first I
would be locking arms with you against
fascism if for example it was like man
if for example man who probably the most
can I say fight in for American rights
and laws mr. McCain Senator McCain in
the disrespect he showed that man excuse
me okay well you didn't allow me to
speak but that's pretty disrespectful I
would say yourself thank you turns out
respect is a one-way street by the way
before the next interview this is a good
time to let you know to hit the
notification bail because subscriptions
don't mean anything anymore or join my
club a lot of credit calm slash mug up
for the full one-hour Daily Show not
only to get the show every day as
opposed to just the clips along with
this wondrous hand etched hand-painted
mug but most of these changed my mind's
and similar videos get D monetize the
moment they're uploaded to Mudd Club is
the only way to support at $69 per year
for students veterans or active military
try it for a whole week before you join
okay let's talk to this next guy
Alexi yes nice to meet you could you
scoot a little closer so we can get
young sorry I know I know it's hot so
it'll make me remind you about the
scooching all right good
so Alexi yeah I don't know how much you
know you just watched someone else sit
down yeah let me just kind of reassert -
sir I'm getting I think I'm getting
heatstroke after burp is it okay if we
go for it
no might just be throw up later on um
you know this is uh unedited so whatever
we talk about is it's going to be
genuine people will see entirely what
what is discussed not taken out of
