[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
tell the captain's chair because I've
been watching River Monsters lately and
I've gone to the last season he's no
longer in rivers exist in the ocean it's
like you're just hot you're just fishing
for sharks
yeah in the Atlantic Ocean - bull shut
it's that way tune in I wanted to see
River Monsters and fresh water really
excited huge show we have raz√∂rfist on
the program yeah yeah dennis prager on
the program oh wow
we will be talking about the media's
double standard with John McCain will of
course be talking about the Facebook
walkout
I got winded from doing the cam here
that's that's a workout apparently I
should say that like in Jaws a captain
is where you're you're bolted into hunt
sharks
well you don't bolt that ins dangerous
though right no you're sick no otherwise
you go overboard what if Tony takes the
boat over
you're like bolted and you're going down
with it and watching tonight that's Jaws
you just said jaws no but it wasn't the
chairs problem all right we're producing
in the show is a quarter black carrot
you can follow on Twitter your quarter
black right yes I am which quarter
uh-huh on your dad say what's that the
hood pass equivalent to us being
murdered in the streets gee Morgan Jr
somehow a apparent let's real thing one
of the day I got acid eree pinot noir my
friend i wonder you see this is almost
like a naked lady on no it's not almost
like and in the third share with us
today is actually isis communications
director and senior public affairs
official Mahmood alma mood how are you
sir Noel Steven good to see you again
I am glad to see you as well you're
sounding a little bit loud to me than
your microphone but that's okay because
our sound guy's gonna gonna get it there
you were breathing into it was a little
loud for you earlier but you know I'm
used to that desert wind
yeah we're here with us today oh you
know I just want to put on a good face
for Isis you know we want you to see the
softer side that's when you're gonna
look at me you don't to look at the
camera you're like no prob where you get
your she can't not look at herself I
know you're I went to media school you
know so I see the professionals I've
seen quite a bit of work and question of
the day put bluntly how do you remember
John McCain all right not what do you
feel you have to remember not what do
you think everyone wants you to say you
remember how do you view him in his
legacy comment below we'll get into the
media's flip-flop comparing McCain to
Nazis before - hailing him as the second
coming of Christ in a minute but our top
story these recently took over a hotdog
stand on Times Square New York
this comes to us from an actual
publication the bees engulfed a food
carton were carefully removed from the
umbrella well some stray bees made their
way to the facade of a nearby cafe
unfortunately the swarm actually proved
to be fatal as some just looking to
enjoy New York hotdog were taken from us
far too soon necessarily dark my mom let
me watch that when I was 7 let you watch
anything from the West you know what I'm
really surprised is that the bee
survived the hot dog water from those
things I mean come on are people like al
Mamoon a facebook employee is now
starting a movement against the
company's intolerant liberal culture as
he puts it and a lot of people have
joined the engineer Brian I'm Mary I
think it's a marriage a I don't know is
one of things I've only read about yeah
it happens again in media only online on
sites that we read alleges that
colleagues attack often in mobs anyone
who's not left-leaning
he says they tear down Trump posters and
demand that HR investigate anyone who
criticizes Islam's human rights records
amen brother
come on so this is our liberal tech
bloggers are concerned this is going to
allow conservatives to claim big tech is
bias against them well conservatives are
concerned about big tech being biased
against them by the way jeez was the
original whistleblower try to ask you
you can't because he was murdered yeah
it's tragic for voting for John McCain
Oh whom we all love dear of course now
by the way you know the original
investigator yeah for the whole thing
was a Tom from MySpace oh yeah but we
had him burned in a cage yeah seems to
be the method that you guys use what's
it's getting cliche
and I didn't look don't worry we're
gonna we're gonna give you the update
story when they summarily fire him for
sexual harassment later on yes so don't
worry about that yeah it's gonna be a
random case from five years ago was just
copy pasted from Fox News yes
the point is someone's getting Wiener
pics from a co-host you guys pioneered
the the burning in a cage really why the
cage it seems incidental like that the
burning should be bad necessary right no
it's kind of theatrical you know there's
something about a cage that evokes
something I don't know if it's primal it
works it just works right I don't know
what about the acid attacks why that
because you know there's one thing I've
never understood you know you shoot
someone you stab someone understand it's
war you're trying you're trying to take
somebody out the acid attack I mean it
you know you're not gonna kill them it's
just unpleasant you know it's in the
kitchen of your mom
you have you have acids in the kitchen
of your mom and you know you make do you
know this is a right so it's like the
Bart Simpson's little bastards yeah yes
the foundation of many art forms really
yeah I don't think so at all I think
you're entirely mistaken but you know
listen cultural differences turning to
Canada speaking of cultural differences
Toronto is going to be opening its first
sex doll brothel oh yeah yeah Anna
nondescript shopping plaza so it's the
company's marketing director gonna break
out this quote that said that there will
be no human staff in the brothel brothel
section and goes on to say that for men
who have these dark violent fantasies
they can do something like this which is
safe for everyone they said and trust us
you don't want to bark up that tree said
Tonka the fing toy maker of the early
ill-fated 90s buddies
buddy hey fellas what's going on nothing
buddy's new from Tonga he sold
separately I don't know why I heard
about those sex dolls though a buddy of
mine but he bought 72 of them City put
off eBay afterwards slightly used that
was them yeah I don't know the terms of
service I think there was a little flag
about this yeah I can you're the worst
job in the world the IT guy we know
there's the Pratt the level of depravity
with center dolls right we know that
we've reached that level de prepped but
now we've also we've created this
ungodly amalgamation this this
combination this symbiotic relationship
of the sexual depravity and laziness
they're not even earning the sex dolls
now it's Elise I wouldn't want to be the
guy that has to go in there with the
squeegee and the wet wipes on each one
of those we've seem to have created a
real live West world thank God we needed
one of those right I just worked out so
well on the show I don't think Evan
Rachel Wood well I think there's much
sadder than well this is definitely the
questworld season to where it sucks at
the end there's no getting to the center
of the game this would make a good dirty
jobs that would be awesome you guys get
there where you are in your own yeah and
your layer it pirates you got dirty jobs
in your lair big fans of the micro oh
yeah we have the satellite oh yeah oh
yeah he's drinking from the infidels mug
over there he must be a fan now we it
with fire the contractual obligation
even know it's in here
sleep tight finally there's new data by
the way on a New York City Subway
masturbator
so the NYPD field at a total 376 reports
of public lewdness
or exposure of a person last year and
they log 24 complaints at stations
served solely by the F train of course
more than any other shows which actually
finally gave authorities evidence needed
to arrest Thomas a serial public
masturbator Tank Engine so they were
real
I knew that Grimm it was like like Al
Capone they caught him on something else
note they caught him on he went off the
rails that's what happened it's not only
hearing coming down and coming down the
coming down I think I can rape and
should by the way you should have seen
the D train oh my god Oh nobody wants to
see never caught in a train no but no
speaking of loneliness by the way
because that Trina's do you remember
shining time station am I the only one
out there please comment time station
did you ever watch reading time station
there must have been a Canadian shop so
this is Thomas Thomas the Tank is a
train and is it Thomas the Tank it's
Thomas our train it's offered Thomas the
Tank Engine how mr. Tank Engine almost
you think it's disturbing that you know
that I know I do must study ones
opponent namely six-year-old boys yes
yeah so a shining time station tell me I
don't know if this was a Canadian thing
it was a it was like a mr. kind of like
a Mister Rogers neighborhood only was at
a train station and pink pinky whatever
her name was from Greece she was a lady
who ran the train station and there was
actually a little conductor a little
mini conductor on the table people gonna
think I'm on acid I'm not a story this
is an actual show that you are on and
that mini conductor was George Carlin
and they would say uh-oh
have you ever heard the story of my
friend Thomas the Tank all aboard it'll
go to smoke and it would go to a story
of Thomas the Tank Engine and that's
where it started so I know where I see
the Thomas Tank Engine stuff every what
I'm wondering if people know we don't
call it that because he'll train it's
not a tank
shining time station was the show and
they replaced George Carlin like in a
third season with Ringo Starr I know
he'll think I'm on drugs
probably because George Carlin woke up
one morning said I'm George Carlin this
may have been a dream you had this is
Canadians out there shining time station
no madam mr. Drebin I wonder it sounds
like a complex pedophile ring you would
have experience with that wouldn't you
sir oh well I did I did watch it in the
bottom of a pizza parlor so I feel very
low speaking of loneliness actually you
know what's being called as Holy Grail
weight loss drug has been for a while
now it's finally found to be safe in an
obesity study scientists found Laura
Catherine did not raise the risk of
cardiovascular problems among at-risk
individuals who took part in the
clinical trial
though the authors of the study
acknowledged that lifestyle changes are
actually the recommended way to lose
weight which may sound like a mix of
message but it here you know just take a
look at their commercial when it comes
to the things you love most is your
weight getting in the way are your
favourite indulgences followed by
needless feelings of crippling guilt do
you find yourself not getting the same
joy from your ones favorite pastimes it
may not be your fault you may be
suffering from chronic mild to moderate
fatness but you're not alone it is
estimated that 50 to 65 percent of
Americans suffer from moderate to severe
fat goodness the good news is lore
Catherine can help in a recent clinical
trial Laura Catherine reduced fatness
and its symptoms by over 50% compared
with placebo along with improved weight
loss BMI as well as other auxilary
health parameters so ask your doctor
today side effects may include a
continued lack of discipline inflated
sense of self-esteem poor eating habits
rebound weight gain future diabetes
phantom neuropathy and feminism do not
take lore Catherine if you are pregnant
may become pregnant or are thinking
about pregnancy and or the continuation
of your bloodline at all
lore Catherine so you can be at your fat
best
you really have that many big people in
where you come from because it's not
yeah I've cut people's heads off but
that was disgusting give us a miracle
advice for you to get your fat ass to
the gym put the Cheetos down you're
welcome - excellent you know you think
there are people obviously who have
genetic inclination yes see more
overweight I understand that that's not
40% of the population no but if there's
a drug that works God love them I guess
we keep coming up with all these complex
ways to kill you it's been carbs the
whole time and we get pissed off at you
for burning people it's we do it
ourselves all be burning the calories by
the way hit the notification bail
because subscriptions don't mean a whole
lot anymore on the YouTube and join my
club if you want to watch the show every
day it's an hour long and of course it's
what helps us fight back against the
YouTube overlords nine ten dollars a
year six and n if your student veteran
active military and something else I
want to announce we're going to be doing
a segment for those who are mug Club
members life advice with steven crowder
some of you have asked for it so send
your requests your questions sort of a
Dear Abby but you know I'm a dick life
advice at louder when Strider comm life
advice at letters credit calm and we'll
be doing whole shows just reading your
reading your letters and awesome solving
your problem okay so back to the story
obviously this this is this is dominated
the news this week here's here's what
really bothers me about the McCain issue
there's a pattern as it relates to both
McCain and President Trump the media of
course the excoriate any conservative
any Republican on a national platform no
matter who they are and what they always
do is they use that to enact as though
they only have a problem with recent
extremists right yeah they do that all -
all the time and a lot of people just
forget about and going oh yeah I guess I
guess so no I guess they were pretty
fair with George Bush I guess they're
pretty fair with McCain I guess I'm
pretty fair with Romney it's just it's
just Donald Trump that they don't like
yeah exactly
do they have to like make up for it in
the end they're like I we were really
jerks for this guy oh he's dead let's
let's like do an hour's worth of good
coverage that that evens it out when
everyone is Hitler no one is so exactly
well let's look at John McCain the media
has been pumping out hero stories of
McCain obviously since his death and
most of them obviously well warranted
the guy was a war hero but the media
completely despised him for the longest
time just because he was a candidate
against Barack Obama if you didn't get
any proof you
any examples haven't seen anyone put
this side-by-side so I want you to see
the exact same people what they said pre
and then post McCain death because all I
want is consistency here and I'll get to
my opinion on them a little bit in a
little minute it's going to sound harsh
but I'm not going to lie to you so let's
go to exhibit a light night hosts left
wing pundits let's look how they this is
how they felt about McCain while he was
alive and look like to say one thing to
Senator John McCain listen listen
senator you don't show up for me America
doesn't show up for you but we like
Obama because who he can lift a
basketball and and Obama can bite into
an apple and he's on the Internet and
he's on my face this just doesn't smell
right because this is not the way a
tested hero behaves you sir are
responsible for a phalanx of individuals
who are shouting fire in a crowded
theater what is what is left always go
to fire in a crowded course with the
free speech and it was ascending with
McCain everything bad isn't going on it
I can't have going through my mental
rolodex sir I've already used Nazi and
fascist and fire in a crowded do it
again I have no idea but what's what are
your folks how they feel about the
McCain oh you know they have a lot of
respect for John McCain you know he he
he stood up the torture you know
Vietnamese torture he could handle that
I mean to be honest I can't even put up
with a Vietnamese hospitality I can the
torture was positively it was child's
play compared what you guys do nothing
but then here's a thing they did but
then as soon as McCain just became a
little bit of a Bob a little bit of a
thorn in Trump's side my favorite person
in politics in American politics in the
21st century is your father by the look
at the eye line there my favorite person
is your father not awkward at all I
think he made John McCain worst worst
person in the world several times yeah
it's it's how disingenuous are at Bob's
we love McCain hate McCain I couldn't
care less just be honest about it and
Keith Oberman obviously well hopefully
he pays you guys a visit sooner you pay
him
that would be great I like the anger I
like angry Keith yes it's much better
than I've got a thrill running up my leg
Keith look I don't understand you know
when somebody dies like you're not
supposed to speak ill of the Dead I
don't know that I think that originated
like 600 BC somewhere and they I don't
know why it's not like you've
accomplished a feat this is exactly what
Freud said we give you special
consideration is that you've done
something really difficult death has a
perfect record except for it you know
that one guy yeah so why in the world do
we not just tell people the truth and
even with that one guy death had a
no-contest
well that's necessarily what to do with
McCain is exactly what they're doing to
Trump people because he's dead now
people acting's others there you cannot
delineate at all they use every single
left to strategy in the book well not
see mentally unfit racist white
supremacist Satan homophobe all of that
sound all of that sound familiar does
any of that sound like the kind of
nomenclature hearing today you hear this
obviously I were you are you hear these
words thrown at Donald Trump you know I
I do seem pretty calm and I think it's
because they're effective we do some of
the things also rocks yes you do throw
those around a lot you know it's more
effective than rocks
the IDF yeah
[Laughter]
no nonsense I appreciate that I hate
that he has the address to our studio at
least McCain wasn't at least McCain
wealth and I Nazi right like Trump yeah
because that's only a recent spear
except remember this yeah there's
something on here that's a comedy show
but it was commonly people were getting
their cars their windows broken for
McCain bumper stickers and you know my
brother had someone tear off his sign
well because if you were for McCain you
were a racist in a Nazi against Barack
