[Music]
to me
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you're so gay hey guys hope you're
enjoying the not gay --jared origin
stories that will be unfolding here for
the entire episode listen really quickly
for those who are not mug club members
watching on youtube for some reason
YouTube's decided to no longer notify
you or even put these videos in your
subscription box if you're not already
member lot of credit um slash mug Club
or at least bookmark favorite this
YouTube channel and go check it that way
you can
[Music]
[Music]
keep one handy so that's good to have
you haven't you sound guy by next week
glad to be with you it's the sound of
the weekend producing to me in video
studio as always as Jared who is not gay
follow them on twitter at not get here
and meet us cry over the comments cuz
thought your photo shops I fulfill my
legal obligations jarring conclusions
are we good we good have to get to it
wow necessary contractually @g Morgan Jr
simplified wine commies a sommelier
what's the one of the day get a little
red scooter here voyage and perform like
you want to be a red schooner with a guy
so we have Gary Sinise Dean deserves
more than boom it's kind of a rather
became bro that's bra bra bra I don't
know when it goes to next the orange in
stores now question of the day by the
way this is will get to the
trick-or-treating socialism Donald Trump
jr. tweet JK rowling Stephen Colbert one
thing you know obviously people know
that you tend to get more conservative
as you grow older in sometimes because
you have more skin in the game but I
want to ask you if you're watching we
have a lot of young people in the
audience as you've grown old or right
after Halloween do you find yourself
caring more about merit and less about
fairness is that a big part I think that
is for me I think when you get out of
college everything is about fairness
things about equality of outcomes and
once you've earned something unique to
you something that nobody else can earn
also you're going wow I this isn't just
a merit this isn't just a trophy
everybody gets this this merit thing
really means me yes so did you you
didn't do this yes you need to do all
this thing I either make rent or I don't
know right using your own value your own
skill sets what you bring to the table
so did you feel it as you get older
that's a natural progression that is
definitely been for me when I was a kid
I wanted everything to be fair yeah and
I I progressed a little earlier because
I just wrump you old main at twelve but
what's fair changes a lot too because
what's fair when you're younger it's not
saying the same thing is cuz me getting
what I earned that is fair that that is
fairness is Boppity no I think if you
wanna look at the surface fairness yeah
alright well we'll talk about that more
in the news floor living room an Idaho
credit union were forced to apologize
after this photo of him in blackface
surfaced the fact that Gerald laughs
right away
he's so as Facebook and Halloween by one
of the workers at the six poor women who
work at the p1 FCU credit union in
Lewiston who were apparently dressed as
the 1988 Olympic Jamaican bobsled team
made famous by that see that so that was
how they try to defend it people were
attacking and actually matters were made
worse when the creator of the costumes
clarified we actually weren't the
bobsled team just subprime borrowers
it's a very first one of the show aim
that flare gun right at your face Oh
Donna Brazile of course we have to talk
about the she's in the news this comes
from Mediaite she's been making the top
trends everywhere where she was she's
issued a scathing report on hillary
debbie wasserman the DNC at large
essentially she's just gone rogue she's
gonna party laughing birdie
it's like she's just feeling the Bern
it's like way so late like she doesn't
realize like it's done it's done
basically trying to burn the DNC figure
out of course is actually as we know her
second stab this week at relevancy after
quickly deleting her ill-fated and
widely met with skepticism hashtag me to
tweet a victim blame Friday the
Louisiana Supreme Court actually refused
to hear a suspects case today they
claimed there was no violation of his
rights occurring when he asked for I
quote a lawyer dog with the cops
claiming he asked for a lawyer dog
responds to suspect claiming that his
demand for a lawyer should have resulted
in the immediate suspension of
interrogation Scott Crichton penned a
brief opinion concurring with the courts
decision not to hear the case he wrote
the
defendants ambiguous and equivocal
reference to a lawyer dog does not
constitute the invocation of counsel
that warrants immediate termination of
the interview and this actually does
from salons of course have been cries of
racism judicial malpractice with one
opposing Disney producer actually
claiming there ain't nothing in the rule
books that said going retrievers can't
practice law black people do have a
harder I would like I don't buy in a
black you know black guys matter hands
up don't shoot but when it man I want a
lawyer dog that's why privileges are
talking about I get it I'll give you
that we put a comma in their lawyer
comma dog speaking I know just that's
what I mean I retama
it burns when I pee I need to cut out
Osama bin Laden was a huge gamer and
animate things insane so today the CIA
publicly released nearly half a million
files from his hard drive and it
revealed that he actually add a passion
for things like Resident Evil I think
was Mario and loads of Japanese anime so
people have now when you remember Saddam
Hussein they found him he loved The
Avengers and Raisin Bran from you yes
yet he was crazy for Raisin Bran crunch
they just they they hate America even
the stick yeah it is two totally
different cereal from raisin really yeah
I thought you were just making the
raisin breed you versus raisin bran
crunches candy cereal yeah totally God
okay but a son belongs parity was also
an artist himself as documents reveal he
was trying to get his comic series
published Tali bond got to kill them all
yeah that was no I don't want to take
off that one didn't take off and his his
venture into the young adult franchise
even less so hardcore tear as tentacle
pornography just didn't Japanese
appreciate straightforward marketing
there's no BS thing around the titles no
no no that's what market and they
appreciate it and they love them for it
plan and multiplayer with the sama bin
Laden
I got you he's gonna clan Taliban number
one it was just a stupid name Josh yeah
I guess well apparently also pirated a
lot of this game I think it was childish
thing for terrorists to have why would
he like that's ridiculous
no it's because the Japanese are also a
deeply disturbed dark people there you
go well kindred spirits Russian women
stripped naked in front of the US
Embassy in Russia to show their support
for Harvey Weinstein I know I first
thought am I reading that right so these
are the feminist protists where they
have to say they said we came here to
support the producer who offered women
sex the sex is right six is cool we're
here to say that when a man offers women
sex it is awesome it means you think we
are beautiful and sexy said another girl
this comes off on the heels of that girl
who is lifting up her skirt yeah a
feminist no skirt to protest groping in
a Russian train station their feathers
are different they're feminists are very
different from us and so to that we we
say we defect
[Music]
alright let's hunt for red october just
then yeah well you weren't it's a comedy
don't rest easy we still have a so
Donald Trump jr. tweeted something JK
Rowling retweeted it and then Stephen
Colbert decided to make it a part of his
monologue because that's what
entertainment is now on television so
yeah it is on here but listen soft
expectations this let's set it up this
is Stephen Colbert responding last night
Don junior tweeted a picture of his
young daughter holding her candy bucket
and said I'm going to take half of her
Canada tonight and give it to some kid
who sat at home it's never too early to
teach her about socialism yes it's never
too early to teach kids the danger of
sharing
yeah well litany of things that are
incorrect there the dangers of sharing
it's the old its it's the old adage but
you know there's nothing compassionate
about sharing somebody else's stuff so
if that didn't set it up for you where
you can hear that the rest of Stephen
Colbert's monologue will be mislead if
not misleading let's go into clip be on
Halloween kids literally go door-to-door
to get free candy from the neighbors
because the kids don't have it and the
neighbors do that socialism no it's not
no it's not that what why the kids
create or purchase costumes and for an
entire evening they walk door-to-door
tirelessly and they're rewarded for
their activity with candy that's called
work yeah the only way this actually
works is if that fat kid sits at home
does nothing no costume and makes
everybody come and bring candy to him
yeah it's the only way that's actually
socialism stuff looks like a little yeah
exactly in that fat kid by the way was
Bernie Sanders
now then Bernie change he started
counting points after his couch we're
done next clip no child in the history
of child antara Lee missed Halloween I'm
worried that kid didn't go out why is he
okay
is that child caring for a sick parent
you know it would be a nice thing to do
give him half your Halloween candy so
this is the quintessential leftist
argument right away they care and you
don't right they're compassionate when
you're not which statistically let's
just skip it couldn't be further from
the truth
okay Republicans give more to charity
they volunteer more of their time and
they give more blood not only that
Republicans are better tippers yeah
which we've written about of course
Bernie Sanders never kissed above 18
percent on the dot we wrote about that
was 15 I think it was 18% it might have
been 15 how the and to its credit yes 15
percent but it's very much like Ebenezer
Scrooge with the prisons and poor houses
I'm going to give the bare minimum and
not a penny more
exactly he says no child is willingly
ever stayed home on Halloween which this
is nothing it completely echoes again
the liberal idea of socialism and this
is an overarching theme that no one
could possibly be in poverty no one
would ever four go trick-or-treating
right if if it were within their control
it's closed off something they wanted to
do these are their victim of societal
circumstance where do they get this from
what let's go to Obama he said the same
thing all the time what we've long
understood though is that some
communities have consistently had been
odds stacked against them that's not
necessarily the thing that's always why
people are poor we also know some kids
who didn't do that right we know kids
who didn't want to wear a costume or
they forgot to make a costume or buy a
costume until it was too late and there
were always the kids were too clear
you're kind of a douche I need to treat
it in the college what's the matter with
that I trick-or-treat until I was 22
years old necessary joke 22 you just
have to get a full body costume and mask
and although you like to dress up you
just say you have a pituitary disorder
now if we get rid of the kid you know
who's going through Lukie going through
chemo who has leukemia
let's get her the extreme examples it's
far more likely that a kid isn't out
trick-or-treating because he chose not
to either because he chose not to
through inaction through not being
prepared or he just decided he wasn't
gonna go trick-or-treating he was gonna
rely on somebody else to do it the same
can be said for adults benefiting from
socialism good example Sweden were only
0.3 percent of refugees work had to get
that dig in their research study
concluded in the mid 90s the welfare
reforms actually could explain about 50
percent of the decline in desire to work
among non participants meeting people
who are not in the workforce so here's
that when you when you just give
somebody stuff I know it sounds like a
logical reach they just rely on you
giving them stuff next clip and it's
disturbing we need to be talking about
things like universal heath care which
would be a lifesaver for working people
socialist ideas outlined by the authors
of dots capital Karl Mars and Frederick
skittles or as you dum-dums like to call
them nerds oh my god now we don't call
them they called them communist copy
this hardcore
Karl Marx yes as a positive example you
don't want to do that and I was kind of
confused to threaten you know Frederick
any means fabric angles thank ya okay
who's the guy who helped the found
Marxist theory like who is this burger
guy and I realized oh this is like this
is like someone who's really in the know
of communist no spread drink well no no
it's no but it was bad because skittles
like killed Mars you kind of get but
skittles but was that great candy bar
barbar come on ripped off in the US I
can't find them very easily really yeah
true story that's replace Emma Snickers
always we have a slightly bigger Cadbury
egg in Canada so you get the short end
of the candy stick but it's crazy to me
he uses commas and the fact that then we
found out I think he means Frederick
angles like look if we ever made a joke
about Hitler that seemed to be praising
we'd be pretty clear you would realize
it
this is not satire and the fact that he
says you dum-dums in other words you can
be dum-dum tonight like the founders of
carnies because you dum-dums who don't
like chocolate Himmler like you'd be
like if someone said Hitler gummy and
then starts praising the generals and
Hitler he just say Hitler and Himmler I
think he sure Stephen Colbert is pro
communism was destroyed the world a
couple of times over and they never were
whose past it please they also never
worked no no never get beyond the
horrible ideology that resulted in the
hundreds of millions of people killed
yeah they were the douche who couch
surfed who never actually paid taxes or
work the job so just on a personal level
but Karl could you could you just leave
your stiff socks in your own drawer all
right
would you starch them we know what's
happening because when I go to work you
have time by yourself I know you're
writing your latest novella I mean total
losers this is crazy to me that people
have skimmed past Karl Marx yes yeah
this is what they left us they just want
to claim the moral high ground and give
people stuff but they fight they
consistently fight any policies that
would actually help the chronically the
perpetually important so they'll fight
for 15 yeah you sign up for fight for 15
which anything by the way
turns out yeah because they never I tell
you where they're gonna be and what
they're doing when they get these
pictures that's right down the block
from down the block yet twelve people
and they claim that was 35 I get emails
all the time you could tell they reach
out for like the really black names to
sign off on the letters it's really
obvious like it's not really they go out
of their way to make them something
really sad so the left they'll fight for
15 they'll fight for a bigger welfare
state more money for schools health care
to fight poverty Michelle Obama wants
you to get moving right to be healthy
move it but they oppose drug testing for
wealth there they opposed working for
wealth there and hell if you even live
an active healthy lifestyle guess what
you're still gonna have to pay the
skyrocketing premiums for someone who
lives in a diet of Snickers and funnel
cakes
hashtag no fashion really if you
actually look at you want to help people
get out of pocket and consistently fight
the tools that would do so if
we really want to help solve poverty
okay which is what the whole Colbert
thing is premises you don't care about
the poor it's only okay avoiding poverty
is pretty simple
ben shapiro has talked about this we've
talked about this for years finish high
school don't do drugs get married and
stay married not only will you not be
poor but the statistical likelihood of
your kids being poor as Nexus the
statistical likelihood of your kid
finishing school going to college
getting a job getting married where the
ends up in prison is or mommy and daddy
married and his daddy's still in the
house okay how dare you make sense that
requires a moral judgment people are
perpetually poor because rather than
tell the truth the left gives a handout
yeah yeah the truth is if that kid
didn't go out door-to-door again let's
disregard the extreme examples right the
kid who looks like Charlie Brown
progeria okay fine we'll give him
anything he wants okay he's gonna get a
make-a-wish you're gonna fix ice bars
get it but it's gonna be charity you're
not gonna steal it for me to give it to
him right that's a good volunteer yes
but most kids just didn't go
door-to-door for that candy okay fact is
he doesn't deserve it and your virtue
signal a little compassion doesn't
change it let's give you two scenarios
okay scenario one all right that kid who
didn't get the candy right seemingly
versus just give them the candy kids
bummed that I didn't get any candy and
he turns it around for next year
scenario one says no I really I really
know this was bummed this was a bummer I
should I should go door to door it I've
missed a lot of fun and candy next year
it gets a costume hits the road big year
two trash bags full of candy scenario
tis that kids bummed that he didn't get
his candy okay so he stays home instead
a parent steals it from some other kid
and gives it to him because compassion
and that parent promises him that he'll
do the same thing next year and the next
year and the year after that what do you
think happens to that kid worse what do
you think happens to the kid who
actually went door to door hit the
pavement only to have half of his stuff
taken and he knows that you're going to
take half that stuff next year and the
next year and the next
eventually that kid is going to give up
and that's this issue this this fake
fake victim culture though how about the
nice thing is just give the kid the
candy it's free this is when I was a kid
I remember we were do someone said you
