[Music]
he arrived in America he conquered
Austin he was promptly banned from
Austin and YouTube they tried to stop
him but now he's back yeah at this point
they forced my hand be people you look
like you had a few too many fights in
your Monday June 11th just when you
thought it was safe to go back to the
LGBTQA I'd be number two festivals I
couldn't think you guys suck
I'm going to sleep my pee pee pee fufufu
lahter with crowder studios protected
exclusively by Walter
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
it's June which marks louder with
Crowder's third annual cultural
appropriation month where we take you
across the globe learning and
appreciating all the great cultures this
world has to offer this week allow us to
be your Sherpa to the talented tough and
fantastic country last week all the
costume contest winners send in your
costumes tweet me at s Crowder and of
course producing me in video studio as
always you can tweet him at not gay
jeered with your photo shops your
comments or your costumes for cultural
appropriation months winner gets
obviously a free t-shirt Ranger panties
and a lock of knock' Jarrett's hair and
I inadvertently fulfilled my obligations
trying conclusions are we good yeah you
call me not you call me Nucky daddy okay
it's for some reason that sounds like a
very gay daddy
we have great guys we have sargon of
akkad we have Dean Cain and with Derek
smalls of spinal tap yes on the show the
basis for spinal tap one of my greatest
accomplishments actually ever really
there but only a few people have really
really really really wanted having a
show you know Alice Cooper is amongst
them yeah and Derek smalls basis of
spinal tap is also hey question of the
day before we move on is what sucks more
today what do you think genuinely that
the state of free speech across our
country or even across the world Europe
and we're going to talk about the Tommy
Robinson situation particularly as it
relates to social media or the World Cup
which sucks more also Julia Whittle hi
Jeremy fired you sommelier which means
he knows a lot about wine at G Morgan Jr
how are you oh jeez I'm just so happy I
can you celebrate with I just brought a
beer because it's got bubbles in that
celebratory that is it I just I could go
home for a metaphore tea it's not quiet
I couldn't they're legal in Missouri
because to me people are getting they
were getting a Pan's Labyrinth in the
face on work sites and then once they
broke the bottle
stabbing people with it so loyal so
loyal could to go 45 and of course fen
computer are you ready with overlays I
just struck Washington DC and the rocket
works better than your mic that's not
working perfectly but yeah maybe I'll
just make it to Hawaii crash into the
ocean but you can track my flat path oh
I'm Twitter thing is making everyone
sneaky Hey so we're gonna be we actually
been official statement from kim
jeong-hoon later
he's been relatively quiet and it's a
little conflicted but we have news of
the day to get to first so Jim Acosta is
an insufferable prick let's lead with
that here he is caught in the hot
microphone justifying shouting questions
at the whole Trump Kim summit listen to
the smugness
all day all day baby
all day all today all day long entitled
s which is ironic though actually
because all night long is actually now
Donald and Kim song just love I just
love how spend computer is unable he's a
little holding a depiction of their
nuclear program looking forward to
seeing looking forward to seeing your
full full sting come to fruition on
Monday I'm looking forward to it a lot
and just are you just forgetting to turn
on your microphone I just know you're a
 man I just don't yeah but I
don't want to make too many North Korean
I don't know I won't make too many
noises at this launch you from a carrier
if my life depended on I wouldn't I'm
just gonna fail on the ramp BPI question
what do you do the adoption processes
from North Korea UV Trump's got me luck
I think you just chase around the
Jillian with loopholes I think you just
chasing her with a piece of cheese and
you pretty much get whoever you want
yeah I think they taste you around forth
and kill Dear Leader's speaks directly
into their mind like Charles Xavier
huh no other news of the day the UN is
officially blamed and condemned Israel
for the recent violence in Gaza this
comes to us from Washington Post of
course it approved the Palestinian
backed resolution when on Wednesday
blaming Israel for violence in Gaza and
deploring it's quote excessive use of
force with no mention of the fact that
Hamas who had the destruction of all
Jews was in their charter until very
recently yeah you and also the minute
that the 36 accusers be charged with
quote stealing all of Cosby's pills so
they're in yeah I'm increasingly
convinced that if Hitler were around the
day the left would ensure him a victory
but un un un on the Left I mean come on
yeah the wrong people I feel like if
they went back and looked at the
Holocaust to be like yeah you guys kind
of had it coming yeah
well you know what you don't think that
Hamas would carry out the Holocaust they
could tomorrow
absolutely they're just Holocaust
deniers who beat their wives yeah the
fun fact is that the person in yeah I
just said that like a few weeks ago that
most youth reduce social behavior that
the Holocaust happened PPP so that's the
position that they do to theirs
due to their social behavior of dying
from inhaled toxic fumes can you believe
that those Jews they're there so be on
the brink of palate like here's what
even if you think that Israel as an
occupant put this way in any other
situation if you thought someone was
occupying a land but the land consisted
of people who wanted to wipe out an
entire race with people oh thank god
they're occupied thank god they're no
longer running the show doing that
speaking of running the show Netflix
film crew they're now banned from
staring flirting or hugging under the
new rules I'm so happy
[Laughter]
Whoopi Goldberg strolls on I so sale
Rodman coin I think yet we've coin or
something
so Netflix they've banned film crews
from looking at anyone for over five
seconds other rules include not asking
were pals phone numbers and they're
urging staff feeling pestered to yell
quote stop don't do that again so this
isn't bonds to me to and it's not this
really a bad response but it's it's led
to some changes for Netflix prompted
them to actually halt production on Bill
O'Reilly highly anticipated directorial
debut the biographical Roger Ailes
picture The Chronicles of crotch cam
yeah also the production of the highly
anticipated sequel to a Spacey Jam that
was one fun fact about that one Spacey
was not supposed to be a cameo but he in
his audition he blew everyone he blew
everyone away here's your chance
do your dance at the at the space at the
Space Jam stop I didn't write it also no
longer available is the notorious Bill
Nye saves the world episode dry humping
the craft services table that one almost
seems like it was it almost seems he was
toxifying the world Bill Nye
but he taught you how to make your own
ketchup afterwards I'm not
happy you tell you that that Hani was
b-bar feel like really honey I didn't
know that I guess it's okay thank you
hump the the the the the Quiznos
catering hey Elon Musk's boring company
reportedly just won a bid to build a
high-speed underground rail in Chicago
even muster you know you love the Elon
Musk's there's fun computer so this is
actually quote we're really excited to
work with the mayor and the city to
bring this new high-speed public
transportation system to Chicago the
boring company said hopefully it's
faster than a speeding bullet set up all
of Chicago let's train to go everywhere
yeah I think we never are Detroit would
be calling the Chicago PD a problem no
but it's more powerful than a gun
confiscation I'll take it I take it
that's good I'll go I just submitted
still 15 minutes respond time yes the
Troy 15-minute 5858 response rate is 11
I think Chicago is actually good on them
it's like six I think I just don't
believe it to like yeah there's no one
left to kill in this I got crazy online
too alright a little hyper a little
hyper the US House just approved a ban
on Wednesday by the way on the
importation employ almost like I would
say in poor taste the importation and
trafficking of this is an actual spent
computer there's an actual story rights
nectar so yeah okay I want to make sure
because people say you're just making
these up to four like the Anne Frank it
was a real story traffic an anatomically
correct child sex dolls and robots that
quote normalized sex between adult and
minors the proposal was approved in the
house and now it moves on to the Senate
but if you make child sex robots see
illegal people will be forced to build
their own sex dolls and back alleys
argued NAMBLA dan only the child sex
robots will have them oh the first
models by the way we're nicknamed r2d2
year-old and c3 this many had a rough
get in the vent you might have been the
best the senator who votes no on this I
know there will be one I'm convinced oh
in a decade from now they'd just be
considered forward-thinking ahead of
their time yes salons are you on board
senator Sanders you're running for
president but says here that you voted
no on ban
anatomically correct child sex robots
have all of them issue we have okay so
we do update to a story here we had this
guy's manager on not long ago
and if you've been following the news
this is not to get sued but it is pretty
sure so let's just set this up Kay
Marley was dead to begin with the UK no
longer has free speech well talked with
star Ghana but it doesn't exist you've
heard us say it time and time again plea
there's no I don't even think anyone is
trying to argue anymore they're trying
to argue to what degree they limit
speech I'm saying okay we're going
forward in a kind of authoritarian so
before we get to tell me Robinson what
we and the hell if I'd go to the UK no
those fools are crazy I can't speak even
though I can't speak I can imagine well
so you don't chip things so people like
like Lauren Southern that's not how they
work and Britney had they've been banned
from entering the country count dank
EULA of course you remember fine for
making the pub to a Nazi salute which
sounds worse than it actually is when
you see the video meanwhile though
flying the ISIS flag in London you're
aces yeah apparently that's not a
problem
and obviously Tommy Robinson is still in
prison we talked about this we had timed
Robinson's manager on I thought was it
two weeks ago now two weeks ago yeah and
the concern is now and he talked about
this he's been moved to a new prison
that's allegedly significantly more
dangerous with a higher Muslim
population now there's been some
confusion over the exact details right
so I don't want to spread any
misinformation here's the most recent
update from his manager Kalin Robertson
himself there was some confusion
circulating on Twitter there may be some
people try to say was seventy percent
Muslim the prison yeah some huge number
yeah and it turns out that that is not
correct at all and they may have just
flipped it and got in a mistake but then
there were a lot of other sites that ran
with it who didn't factor and this is
what I want to make this clear before we
get to Tom I want this is why I
absolutely despise the conspiratorial
right it's it's true the fake news
exists not just exclusively on the left
okay and it makes it much harder for us
to do our job
or for you to go out there and be
properly armed with information when
people are more interestin clicks and
they aren't telling the truth inflating
the number to an increased number of
Muslims that is not the accurate number
which had to be I believe it was I
believe they took it back if I'm not
mistaken I believe they retracted it
yeah I think they put it down what it
like yeah they moved into a prison with
a higher Muslim population where it's
more dangerous that's enough yeah when
we get to what's happened on YouTube and
social media tenders it's enough the
truth is enough the truth is always
enough Inessa double-edged sort of of
the new age of digital media is that
right comes with the extra set of
responsibilities once once my time I
think I feel like even riots were a
little more genuine because people were
on board with it's more of a singular
yeah narrative of news
now you can anybody can from any blog or
from anywhere in the world can throw
their own spin on things and be taken as
legitimate so yeah you gotta be vigilant
no matter which sites you're on no
matter where here's the thing you know
what's crazy we just we just had kim
jeong-hoon in donald trump singing all
night long okay this is not the epitome
of journalism and we do the work and
some and we've come out in issued
retractions we've gotten some things
wrong when new news has come in these
people who are out there trying to
convince you that they are real news by
the way don't watch this is your only
news source we're a late-night show okay
but we are meticulous in trying to be
correct so it's not by accident that a
news organization or a right-wing blog
that employs three four five times as
many people as on this show gets it
wrong that's by design yeah spend
computer yeah I mean it really just
hurts your cost BP because now the
left-wing media and leftist they can
just point at this and go like look
they're lying rights trying to inflate
this and that makes people like us look
bad too because they were gonna be
associated with those people as well
look at her I do with the alt right it's
like all rights like Ben Shapiro was a
notorious Jewish net shut up it's just
really done yeah they're handing out
tiki torches that they are and so you
can binge yeah exactly and that being
said there is something here something
we do know okay and it's just it's just
concerning a video that time Darwin made
it was titled I won't be around for much
longer was taken down from YouTube
because it violated Community Guidelines
so this so the fact that this coincides
is is is bone-chilling ly scary the good
news is a lot of people did their due
diligence and took the clip downloaded
the clip before was taken down so we
have a montage of some of it here they
want to remove me to silence me to
discredit me
they have tried to stop me in every
possible way I don't want to take away
the final thing I have my voice
I don't doubt one day they will wipe me
off social media completely forever the
media will be able to tell you whatever
they want about me now I have no way of
responding if they can do it to me they
can do it to you and what do they do
they removed it immediately almost seems
like he was a prophet he is
foreshadowing acts of violence and
censorship committed against him and
he's the one in violation that video
predicting that he would be found in
violations for non violations was
removed as a violation get your head
around that these people it's scared
because at the point where they don't
care that you're watching yeah they're
not trying to hide anymore and that's
what's scary well people aren't really
stepping up and fighting stuff like this
I think or they're trying to but they
don't really have much of a mechanism
what do you do if Twitter bans you get a
half page and learn and build rich yeah
exactly hear his name in the hallways of
Google and themselves and you know what
I'm talking about yeah but how many
people can do that right and so it comes
down to people like you having the
ability to go do that for everybody else
a lot of people can you just have to be
the pig who bigs it build his house out
of straw builds is outside of out of
brick as opposed to the brothers who did
straw and wood wood stick strong wood
sticks but you know must have pissed off
that one see this coming late for right
next to it
take care about the environment it's not
that expensive right down the block just
let you know some of these organizations
that went out with this myth of the 70%
Muslim population but they have far more
money than we do yeah where do they
typically do they often just tend to
 what's happening on YouTube listen
we and we try and make it funny
that's why we created mug Club it's what
allows us to be sustainable and we try
and do sketches to draw awareness to it
but we have bill Richman number 10 we
have also his firm on retainer and we
are a thorn in the side of social media
believe you me we've planned for this
and you will know about it if we end up
having to fight to a higher degree than
we are right now so here's the thing the
UK courts and social medias are working
together and not just a silenced Tommy
and to put him in prison but but to
silence any reports of their actions
against him that's what's crazy right
now and this is how the Left operate
some people were yeah I am making the
grocery generalization because this is
this is exclusive to the left they
portray the aggressors as the victims
and they and they have and there's no
one who can call on us they paint Tommy
as the villain and is reporting
as a crime against the poor Muslim rate
gangs the poor the poor migrant rapists
all he did was rape a kid they
technically are a minority so they do
have the immoral and that is true mommy
Robinson might have uh named the jury by
reporting about how this man raped a kid
don't you understand how we don't can't
we find common ground probably not um by
the way here's something you know same
things happened to us before so good
example is very recently why people
don't know this and actually spend
computer you did some research with with
reg the Beast here we found some things
out yes just today right before the show
right before doing this we did a civil
non-violation change my mind video last
week in Austin right
we had a sit down with us there
you go there's a violation for you just
find a reason so antiphon and the like
they actively and repeatedly called to
firebomb us to firebomb us to firebomb
our table you can see these pictures
yeah so I actually posted this to
Instagram saying like hey guys keep an
eye out and it was removed as a
violation we're saying this person wants
to firebomb us so if you that make sure
we don't get firebomb isn't this is a
violation here's the crazy thing
do you remember Charles Hermes a
professor at UT Arlington who's still
there who said it was a Nazi who posted
fake names and he's saying gas the juice
and never took it back this person who
