I use that kind of language like feet
held to the mouths flames and then I
know that you talked a lot about pullers
don't you think that's adding to the
polarisation like you're talking about
Mao and you're invoking this idea of
fire serious communism isn't that a
little bit severe I don't think it's any
more severe than starting with the
assumption that I'm part of the
alt-right hey there my Kluber and/or
youtuber we are introducing a new
segment today long-form interview called
devil's advocate well we'll bring on the
four most conservative thinkers critical
thinkers and try to present both points
of view I think it was my friend Owen
who actually said if you cannot argue
your ideological opposition's point of
view as effectively as they can you have
no business holding your own position so
the purpose of this format is to argue
the left's the progressive left's
position more effectively than they do
and hopefully equip you in case you will
encounter these these arguments these
lines of questioning these specific
patterns of attack that you see from the
left so I warn you you might get mad you
might get frustrated you might want to
beat up Skylar I know that I did these
do not represent my views at all or the
views of anybody at loud or with crowd
or unless I don't know about it enjoy
devil's advocate with dr. Jordan
Peterson all right I'm your host
Scarlett Urton I was a segment where we
take on the biggest right-wing
personalities on the web out there sort
of in the cultural sphere and challenge
them hold their feet to the fire to see
if their ideas hold water and our next
guest is a very popular so very you know
noted fascist super popular Internet
personality you can take his personality
quiz I guess itself authoring calm his
book is 12 you 12 rules for life is
available at places
Jordan Peterson thanks for being on the
show sir thanks for the invitation
there's Skyler yes so let me allow you
to sort of establish with people who
aren't necessarily familiar you've made
it your main gold
an advocate of free speech particularly
speaking out against restrictions
thereof I know it started you sort of
Roseanne notoriety with Bill c16 in
Canada
tell us your in your own words why
freedom of speech is so important and
why you took your stand okay well first
of all I don't think that that's what I
put myself forward in in the main okay
I'm not very interesting interested in
the relationship between meaning and
responsibility okay and so I think that
my books and my lectures are mostly
devoted towards that I see free speech
as necessary because it's part of the
process by which the left and the right
continue in an ongoing dialogue about
how society should both maintained and
updated structures and that any attempts
to interfere without our dangerous to
both necessary wings let's say okay and
in Canada there was a bill passed a year
ago in May bill C 16 which purported to
do nothing but extend charter rights and
certain protections under the Criminal
Code to transgender people and but I
that isn't how I looked at the
legislation I thought it was a piece of
compelled speech the justifications for
doing that we're very thin well okay let
me let me ask you that so first first
off okay
meaning responsibility where they
intersect but freedom of speech is a big
component to that right and that's why
you talk about it well it's a
responsibility to speak properly and it
shouldn't be something that the
government should interfere with the
government interferes with that at its
peril whether it happens to be left or
right leading why I want to make sure I
wasn't you know cuz you made it sound
like I was misrepresenting you but it
sounds like no that's that's that it was
a big part of it so the thing of its
piece bill c16 right you say that I've
read through the bill I've not seen
anything that specifically relates to
compelled language you often use that
word compulsion of language I don't see
it in there that's because it was a
particularly treacherous piece of
legislation and most of what was
reprehensible about it was hidden in the
surrounding documentation mostly on the
Ontario Human Rights Commission website
the
government announced publicly before
they took the link down that the bill
would be interpreted in light of the
documentation on the Ontario Human
Rights Commission which clearly made it
grounds for grounds for civil action at
least and perhaps criminal action to
misgender someone despite the lack of
any norms currently operating with
regards to the use of gender pronouns
for example and it also instantiated a
social constructionist view of gender
into Canadian law which I thought was
equally reprehensible given that the
scientific evidence is overwhelming that
a substantial part of gender differences
in biology and personality and
temperament are biologically influenced
if not determined right and I know then
we can get into sort of this biological
determinism I know it's really popular
with the alt-right and that's fear but
it sounds to me like what you just said
before we move on to more Fruma speech
and the meat of some of your other
topics you discuss it sounds to me like
you're talking about a potential
interpretation of the law provincially
but that's not what the law said and
considering that's like the catalyst for
you here's this rock star on the right
do you think that's that's a little
important I don't think that there would
have been inclusions within the law of
changes to the Criminal Code if the
intent wasn't much broader and that you
know the law was only about a paragraph
long and so the surrounding
documentation is of crucial importance
and if the federal government was
playing straight with regards to the
origin of the law and how was it going
to be interpreted they wouldn't have
taken down the link that had made the
claim quite straightforwardly that it
was going to be interpreted in light of
the Ontario Human Rights Commission's
already extent policies but you
surrounded similar legislation at the
provincial level besides it played out
exactly the way I thought it would play
out for example at Wilfred Laurier
University where a teaching assistant
was held to the had her feet held to the
Maoist flames for daring to show a video
expressing my views to a communications
class now you use that kind of language
like feet held to the Maoist flames and
then I know that you talked a lot about
polarize
don't you think that's adding to the
polarisation like you're talking about
Mao and you're invoking this idea of
fire serious communism is not a little
bits of
I don't think it's any more severe than
starting with the assumption that I'm
part of the alt-right which is a real
white supremacist organization and an an
identity politics group rightly all
right I don't say you reporter the old
one yeah you did actually you could just
rewind the tape no I mentioned that it
was popular in all right circles and you
happen to be popular in all the right
circles I happen to popular at
universities and they show you know I'm
not responsible for what those
professors say I'm just saying it's your
views would you disagree happen to
coincide with the views of a lot of the
alt-right yeah I would disagree I don't
think they agree with the alt-right at
all in fact I have some very pronounced
enemies on the alt-right and they've
come out and said exactly that because
I've said in multiple public appearances
that I'm no fan of collectivists I don't
really care if they're on the left or on
the right it's equally reprehensible as
far as I'm concerned yeah well it's just
two different ways of playing identity
politics there's a left-wing way in a
right-wing way and I'm not a favor in
favor of either of them yeah so I think
any attempt whatsoever to associate me
with the alt-right regardless of whether
you know you have an opinion that I have
followers there is merely an attempt to
shore oh great what I'm saying by
association well I don't I don't listen
that's not what I'm trying as much it is
popular these are popular and alright
circle what they do disagree what's your
evidence no you're right they do
disagree with you and largely because
you're you know Canadian that's a bit
there's a split there with American
alright and in Canada but let me go back
to what you were just talking about here
sort of you mentioned biology now let's
say that we I agree with you right
biology and it's a big determining
factor in in gender let's for the sake
of argument like gender and sex are the
same thing I'm assuming obviously
haven't really ain't familiarize
yourself with Simone de Beauvoir Butler
but that's cool so you're from a well
yeah okay familiar enough and that's
dangerous yeah well that's the danger
with a lot of people they're only
familiar enough but let's assume that
it's as correct okay and that biology
determines gender I don't think we would
disagree that transgenders have been the
victim of hate crimes and a
disproportionate rate and this is the
complication that I think a lot of a lot
of right-wingers miss they see it they
they're very reductive you know
permitting absolute freedom of speech it
silences other people's free speech
because
allows people to vote bully victims into
silence and then you have freedom of
speech if it's blanket it actually
reduces the totality of free speech
because of minorities who are afraid to
speak out is that a problem that you
agree with well there's no doubt that
speech can be misused and commonly is
the question isn't that isn't the issue
the issue is who's going to regulate it
and the the answer to that is minimal
regulation because it's such a
fundamental part of the ability to think
and orient yourself in the world and so
it's perfectly reasonable to point out
that free speech can be abused and has
been in the past but then the the Devils
in the details say well it's it's being
used to oppress minorities while also to
free them we might point out the left
wing was a tremendous advocate for free
speech right up until I would say five
or six years ago partly because people
who are oppressed need free speech above
all else to make their claims heard I
mean that's always been how it's playing
out but it's not how it's playing out
for five years I don't know what the
hell that has to do on the broader
broader scheme of things you can be sure
that any restrictions that the Left
manages to put on on free speech will
immediately be co-opted by the right so
it's an extraordinarily foolish game and
then that's and there's an issue that's
even deeper than that which is well
we've already agreed that speech can be
let's say harsh and divisive and
oppressive all of those things whose
gonna regulate it who's whose hands are
you gonna put that power in well here's
the thing I think you do this a lot in
people people on the right just a lot
where they sort of acts like this
government is as far off entity who
makes these decisions in Washington DC
listen it's us right we're word
democracy here in the United States
people vote in their representatives so
the government is us I pay my taxes I
get water that comes from my tap the
same speed as I get access to the
freeways does anyone else we do agree
when we live in a society that a
government has a certain control I mean
we don't complain about other
regulations and this is where I think we
complain about any regulation that
transgresses constitutional rights and
the right to free speech is probably the
primary right
least in the u.s. okay it's all right on
which the entire government edifice is
built and to say that you can elect
elect representatives who are going to
regulate free speech ignores the fact
completely that you don't have an
absolute democracy of a constitutional
democracy all these same rights are in
charge of what can be they're in charge
of what can be said as far as libel laws
with the press so we do have a freedom
of the press but we do have actual libel
laws there are regulations on firearms
right you don't think that you should be
able to go off and own a tank so again
these are constitutional amendments of
liable laws that go discussed those
would fall under freedom of the press
the First Amendment with freedom of
speech why I think the restrictions that
are placed on free speech are already
plenty sufficient and to extend to any
degrees is a very big mistake and
besides there's a huge difference with
regards to compelled speech I should
point out that the your American Supreme
Court the 1940s made compelled speech
unconstitutional so Canada passed a law
that would be clearly unconstitutional
in the United States it was also a law
passed at the federal and provincial
level because it compelled speech that
had absolutely no precedent in English
common law because there's a difference
between saying what people can't say
so that's libel and saying what they
have to say which is compelled speech
and the Supreme Court said very
explicitly in the United States that it
was a mistake
both both on the part of restricting the
speaker and restricting the listener to
compel people to utter words with which
they did not agree now there's certain
exceptions for commercial law but there
are no exceptions in non-commercial
speech and so to bring in libel law and
that sort of thing is complete red
herring well I want to be sure because
you just mentioned red herring Harriet
you say so you're I want to make clear I
understand your problem is with
compelled speech then correct not saying
what you can't say about forcing people
what as to what they absolutely no fan
whatsoever of hate speech legislation
but that's which is which is I suppose
the logical extension of laws attempting
to restrict what you can't say right so
I think hate speech laws are dreadful
and I think they're being misused all
the time and that we've only seen the
beginning of that but the issue of
compelled speech is worse than the issue
of regulating hate speech because it it
requires people to utter words that they
did not formulate and may not believe so
it violates freedom of
conscience it violates the
responsibilities that each individual
has to only say things they believe to
be true and representative of their
viewpoint it interferes with their
ability to think and communicate and it
makes them terrified of of potential
potentially terrified of government and
other organizational intervention people
are terrified right now because the
First Amendment was written long before
social media and Facebook and so now the
speech is very invasive a used tool to
turn it off now you can't we'll come
back to that because I know we have a
lot of topics to get into and you know
as in your words you're not just now to
get a free speech with the sort of we're
meaning intersects with responsibilities
you just brought up hate speech laws so
I think it's a good transition that
Jordan do you support equality it's a
that's a trick it's a trick questions
how about you specify it a little bit
more clearly before I answer that okay
do you support equality of race gender
sexual orientation same same objection
applies define equality the quality of
opportunity for sure the quality
fragment at least again it's it's in
sufficiently defined question okay
quality treatment all right quality
opportunity for sure I think that any
any bureaucratic structure that's set up
that doesn't allow each person to be
assessed on the basis of their merits in
relationship to a particular function
like a job yeah is it is a big mistake
for everyone involved including the
individuals that are unreasonably
discriminated against so sounds like it
sounds like a long way around to say to
say no let me ask you this you've spoken
out against the problem of free speech
in regards to speakers specifically on
campus universities people being
censored on social media let me don't
see that is it's not even a question
like of speakers for example on campus
is it a question of free speech at all
is I'm not just a private entity
refusing to serve an individual whose
message they don't agree with not
hosting them well it's certainly not the
case in Canada because the universities
are public and it's all that's also the
case in many universities in the United
States so and then with regards to the
private and entities I suppose it
depends on why they're doing it and
under what pressure they are operating I
mean a typical trick now is to
is to to charge the the the individuals
who are coming to campus outrageous
security fees to prevent them from being
able to speak so there's plenty of what
would you call it there's there's plenty
of lack of fair play at work in those
sorts of situations so your and I think
universities above all should should be
cautious about restricting who's allowed
to speak on campus for ideological
reasons oh I agree I think they should
be super careful so I want to make sure
that you're so you only have a problem
not with private universities but public
university I didn't say I didn't have a
problem with private universities it's
clearly it's clearly the problem with
public universities doing it with
private universities there is that
additional element that you just
described okay so would you compel
public universities to host speakers I
disagree with define compel force them
to host speakers they disagree with I
would encourage them to leave speakers
alone if student organizations invite
them onto campus then the university
should do what it can to keep ideology
out of the picture and to allow them to
speak right so public university is
saying OK for us Jordan Peterson is
aligned because you know because of his
misgendering of people and his
anti-trans sort of speak or some of his
his whatever you want to use a
homophobic anti left-wing rhetoric and
then another universal that's a typical
example of exactly why it's very
dangerous to let ideologues determine
where the free speech line is drawn
because you know in formulating that
question you used a whole string of
unwarranted epithets that you drew from
very badly conducted press interviews to
characterize my viewpoints and so just
by formulating the question the way you
did you indicated how terribly dangerous
it is to allow Committees of video logs
to determine who should be able to allow
you should be allowed to speak and on
what topic well let me ask you this then
um first off you're you're saying you
don't see yourself as having spoken any
anti-transgender rhetoric at all no
really there's nothing to do with
transgender it has nothing to do with
transgender individuals it
to do with compelled speech okay started
it happened to involve a bill that
involved transgender people was Maura
and I would say an accident that was the
okay that was the issue that brought
