finding the root cause of equal rights
for women across the globe who have
their genitals mutilated and can't drive
cars and can't enjoy the same rights
that people enjoy 100% in the United
States and the Western world
respectfully I don't I don't really and
I think it's beneath you to say that
something's beneath me let's argue the
ideas not use this sort of undercutting
tactic I read her book in college I I
don't agree with her everything but I I
very much appreciate her approach the
book that I think I read was the beauty
myth back in college she is CEO of daily
clout CEO where people can share bills
and basically work together online get
only a daily clout dot IO I don't know
they thought I oh I but Naomi whoa thank
you for being here thank you so much for
having me I'm excited to be here I don't
know why you'd be excited to be here but
I'm glad to hear that's not usually a
common response
I mean actually I'll tell you why
because one reason is that you know like
a lot of Americans I'm in a bubble not
of my making because I sort of grew up a
little bit left of centrist and most of
people I know are you know urban yuppies
who are a little bit left of center and
that becomes an echo chamber and it's
not healthy and a you know it's got a
website that's committed to building
democracy and strengthens and mock recei
and it's so so important for us to kind
of talk to people who don't agree about
everything well I can appreciate that
that's where I know you were asking our
book like what's this change my mind I'm
pro-gun thing we did a segment where we
just went on the street and I just put
up a sign and it says I'm pro-gun change
my mind people to sit down or I'm
pro-life changed my mind I'm cool
whatever and it was surprisingly after
at the end of the I'm pro-gun we had
several students at the end of it every
single person was glad they'd had the
conversation and not a single one found
they had a rational argument for what
they thought were proposals for gun
control that doesn't mean that one
doesn't exist but they sat down and said
well I think we should have background
checks and they found out there were a
background checks and they said well I
just I think machine guns should be
illegal and I said effectively they are
illegal and they said well I guess I
don't know what I'm asking for and it
was really valuable a valuable learning
tool for us so let me ask you I know you
wrote the beauty myth
many people call you the the godmother
of sort of third wave feminism some of
you so like with a horse in their bed
equal rights but now there are so many
factions with feminism it's it's some
people say third wave the they claim its
intersectional feminism there are people
who have differing views on transgender
issues how they relate to feminism we
had Leah Keith on here for that so let
me ask you I guess sort of this how do
you define yourself how would you
describe your brand of feminism for
those who might not be familiar in the
audience
sure well let me first I want to say
that I think it's really healthy that
there are so many different viewpoints
within sure feminism because it means
it's a living breathing movement that
people care about and also as I said
before it's really healthy when people
don't all march in lockstep you know
that's how our country should work is
people having different opinions and
educating themselves as you just
described I see feminism as nothing more
or less complicated than the logical
extension of democracy and and my my
brand of feminism if you like is you
know very much descends from the end of
the 18th century when people like law
can pain and Mary Wollstonecraft were
coming up with the ideas that became the
American Revolution and the
Enlightenment ideas like everyone's
entitled to Liberty everyone's entitled
to the pursuit of happiness to the full
development of their human potential and
and that one person should not dominate
another control another so these are the
ideals of the American Revolution and
you just extend those to gender
that's the demonym that I believe in
right you know anything that you you you
mentioned that because I know you're
sort of you describe yourself small-l
more libertarian these days which I
don't think was always the case I don't
want to miss characterize you there but
I've seen you be actually pretty
consistent in criticizing the left as
well do you find um that do you find
that tough kind of a juxtaposition of
obviously the roots of sort of feminism
as it's in the 60s and 70s and certainly
in
sectional feminism now far-far radically
left and becoming more libertarian in
your views is that that sometimes tough
to balance so I don't really understand
the question you just asked because
there were a lot of dependent clauses
and for instance I'm not sure what
intersectional feminism means I was
hoping you could answer either someone
comes in dressed like a lady says it's
hate speech to ask a question
intersection I mean you know I I guess
my instinct is to say it's too often the
case that we live in a world of labels
and you know as I said before often the
labels that are affixed to groups of
people you know we too rarely have the
chance to kind of sit down with those
people so sure if intersectional
feminism means like my daughter's
generation my son's generation which is
growing up more aware of how race and
class effect you know human limitations
on potential and opportunity and not
just gender I'm all for that like I
think the more we try to be nuanced
about where is everybody coming from the
better but that doesn't mean I like
reducing people to labels I think people
are more than where they come from more
than their gender more than their you
can ethnicity or sexual orientation
that's you know that's I think we have
as human beings a lot more that unites
us than divides us but the libertarian
thing is really interesting I really
grew up you know as I said like a baby
of the left you know I grew up in the
Haight Ashbury I grew up in the middle
of all of these very hopeful revolutions
like you know gay rights and and rights
for workers in in agricultural fields
and you know they turned into a lot of
really wonderful things but the older I
get and the more I'm exposed to
different countries and different people
from different backgrounds the more I do
think I feel like I don't want to say
small l libertarian because that's just
another label but I I'm very sympathetic
with the libertarian philosophy
underlying policies it doesn't sure
libertarians always come up with the
best policies and it's no policy that's
usually what they come up with which is
often nonsensical like I'm going I
really respect this group students for
libert√© and i'm actually going with my
partner who's gonna be a speaker at an
event in sarajevo at the end of next
week and they're a libertarian student
organization they're like there are
hundreds of thousands of them all over
the world and we get into really great
arguments you know and I'm all for a lot
of things but when they get to like why
should the state do anything about old
people or sick people are orphans then
they lose me I think I feel strongly
that well I have a libertarian profound
number-one respect and it's all I've
been working on really for the last
since 2008 for the Constitution right
that's where my kind of libertarian soul
goes to and we can then argue about
policy and what really surprised me when
I wrote a book in America which was
about the decline of freedoms in America
right and it started with a critique of
Bush but it could people kept saying in
the Obama years what about Obama and I
kept saying thank you for noticing the
consistency I kept saying he's a tyrant
he's dictatorial he's sending drillings
and to take out Americans right without
due process he's keeping Guantanamo open
he's creating a war against
whistleblowers you know there were like
six people on the Left who kept
critiquing kept defending the
Constitution when our guy was in the
Oval Office code was nowhere to be found
I I want it I want it I wanted to frame
this back because we could go a million
directions you know obviously we'll
disagree on that I was a I was in
Guantanamo Bay and saw the prisons and
the troops supporting them containing
them but I do want to go back to
feminism cuz you mentioned libertarian
and kind of your children's generation
so I guess let me ask you this in 2017
since there are so many different sort
of definitions of feminism in 2017 do we
believe I guess or or how would you
argue that feminism the fight for equal
rights we're talking about systemic
equal rights it's relevant is it needed
in 2017 and is that maybe a lot of
people see that it isn't that's why
there are fewer self-identified
feminists even we've seen I guess this
is there more self-identified feminists
than ever in my adult life Stephen and I
guess this is one of those moments where
the women watching this maybe a lot of
the men are thinking why is this
question being asked again in 2017 so
let me ask you you're a smart thoughtful
person do you think there's a reason to
have a movement for gender equality
still do you see any
any problems that women still have that
men don't have in the headlines right
now do you see rapists being convicted
okay questions I just want to show you
both because could I ask a question I
think it was a little more pointed than
your question you mentioned earlier some
clauses
let me zone in more what systemic writes
in 2017 are not afforded to or
specifically excluded from women as far
as engaging in practicing is that is the
question that is really common with my
audience both which rights systemically
are not afforded to women that's a very
fair question because the truth is that
in North America and Western Europe on
paper women have pretty much all the
rights that men do you're absolutely
correct about that in enforcement they
don't and in practice they don't we can
get to that but you're you're totally
right that the second wave you know my
mom's generation fought hard to make
sure that in law you know we have
technically the same right sure but then
you go outside of Western Europe and
North America it's a big world out there
and all over Africa little girls are you
know having horrible mutilations done to
them sure within unity you know the
Middle East and we just saw in Saudi
Arabia woman given the right to drive
but little Clause you actually have to
get a permission slip to get permission
to drive from your legal guardian who is
oh your dad or your husband and that's
that's common practice there sure in
India there are bride burnings and this
is not a religious thing in countries
all over the world trafficking of women
in Central Europe in Eastern Europe you
know on a massive scale
you know women being essentially in
domestic servitude in the developing
world you know shipped to countries like
Dubai and I mean horrible things are
happening where women don't have basic
legal rights I mean the rest of the
world so that's a and B I would say even
in this country you know it's a it's a
tough time because you're right that on
paper we've we've won the war but in
reality we face hurdles and harassment
and violence all day long I mean just
looking at the me to movement that's
erupted
you know half a million people most of
them women
many of men have posted hashtags after
in the wake of the you know Weinstein
case the issue of sexual assault and
rape came into foreign some prominent
women spoke out and now there's this
flood of women saying I was raped I was
insulted no one did anything I was
assaulted when I was 19 I came out with
it you know to save other women 25 years
later on the cover of me up magazine I
was a vicious attacked you know there
there was an EEOC investigation other
stories came out it was not just me it
was 20 years of Yale covering up much of
things we face sure can so just want to
hit the pause button there because you
went into a few different directions all
of which I'd like to explore at one time
or another in this interview so I'd like
to kind of well give give you first
choice here would you rather discuss the
the international women's rights issue
or kind of unpack the domestic sort of
Western whatever you like okay audience
yes well I would say you know obviously
it's terrible at your harass you were
harassed I think Harvey Weiss Weinstein
isn't awful well you were sexually so
good and then harassed afterward when
you came to actually all of that but but
what's really important to know is that
I didn't even know it was a crime until
like 25 years later sure all of my
exposure in education I didn't know it
was a crime until my partner's a private
investigator informs me there was a
crime and I didn't know that you know
what the statute of limitations was and
I filed a police report you know in
October and they lost the police report
I do refile it in April those run into
myself and it's that's why you know if
we go to the other side where you much
it's not a religious thing you know I
have an actual flaw on me so I've had
some run-ins with the religion of peace
yeah for having the nerve to read it's
pretty pretty well intuitive on the Isis
Isis list and cares watchlist so I make
all the top ten lists but you know how I
mean how do you know you're on the ISIS
list like that well I'm sure you know
you've dealt with if you've dealt with a
sexual assault case you deal with the
FBI or you deal with you know
international yeah and you can see me on
the careless right there wonderful
organization so ok so let's go there
organically because I know you talk a
lot about the patriarchy and you talk
about sort of the sociological
conditions I I would say that if we're
going to get two solutions which
do believe that you do I think and this
is why I think a lot of people reject
feminism in my generation is that
there's a lot of a lot of screaming a
lot of angry people and not a lot of
solutions and they just blame men for
problems a lot of times this third wave
intersectional feminist and that turns
men off and then also they become more
anti women it's a vicious cycle so
that's in the western side and the rest
of the world I mean if we're going to
get to solutions
I do think we need to be honest about
where the problem stem and yeah it
happened across the globe but there
really is no example that we can point
to certainly no consistent example of
Islamic society where women are treated
the way certainly that you and I would
fight for as far as equal rights so I
kind of like to take this down it a
quick questioning here so that then we
can let let you have the floor and
examine it we talk about patriarchy
really quickly can you define for the
audience what would be patriarchy I
guess as a societal example and then
more of an individual example do you
think what is P I love your questions
they're like you know we should be like
the middle of the night in the dorm room
like a very male-dominated society
pretty much centered around the you know
the father had figured the patriarchy I
think we can agree it is patriarchy yeah
is that your question well I think let's
move on to an individual example because
I think we can go on that for a long
time but like in an individual example
of patriarchy would we say that a family
where a man is a sole breadwinner the
woman works at home she's a mother
through no choice of her own he's not
very loving he's not very caring he's
emotionally abusive goes out with the
guys doesn't treat her well would we say
that's an example of a patriarchal a
toxic patriarchal house a household I
wouldn't know
okay why not well if she I mean if she'd
the question is does she have choices
right if he has the choice to ask for
counseling
get a job have some financial autonomy
like because of the second wave she has
a lot of opportunities to change her
life that she didn't have 40 years ago
you know she can get a credit line she
can move out she can say I need the
therapist with you or else I need a
divorce she can get a divorce
the libertarian you okay I'm following
it's also the feminists to me right so
she has choices so I wasn't say that
that's patriarchy I would say that
patriarchy may be one of the big reasons
that that man has trouble expressing his
feelings okay um fair enough I'm trying
to get into individual practice so we
can kind of get to the root cause of
these obviously in justices across the
globe now and then we can go to the
United States would we say for example
we're talking about religion Jesus
Christ a man who saved a woman from
being stoned said treat your wives as
equals among you treated a woman as
equal among men was very rare at this
point had no wives committed no physical
abuse or emotional abuse would we say
that Jesus Christ was perpetuating
patriarchy himself actually I think
Jesus Christ was one of the original
feminists and one of the most historic
significant feminists come I'm a big fan
of Jesus Christ historically I'm Jewish
but so is he and president historic
figure
continued they can be pissed go ahead
okay let's bring that in there there's
been a lot of scholarship about the
historical Jesus and he's someone that
any radical Jewish person today or
anyone really would really like if you
know if they like social justice he was
challenging orthodoxies on a lot of
levels he was absolutely about gender
equality he you know the early churches
were one of the first gathering places
where women and men could speak and
worship together it was later that there
was a dictum like Paul wasn't so great
you know respectfully saying that women
shouldn't preach that was later Jesus
never said that and there were Mary
Magdalene was you know there's a lot of
historical research that shows that she
was a teacher and also that a lot of the
things that he was doing like having
slaves and wealthy people and
prostitutes and tax collectors were
reviled sit down together and break
bread together you know that was like a
radical statement about social justice
and social equality was very unpopular
at the time got him killed but I'm a fan
okay I just I'm asking a good good good
so we agree I think we agree on that
point
this is a starting off point Christ like
he said I'm a big fan of organized we
would agree on that people who don't
know that Jesus was a Jew people who
beat their wives back died bad people
okay let's put them aside so this is
Jesus Christ the founder of the faeces
we can put him what about someone let's
say who lived a life who took several
lives some of whom were six not talking
about consummated against their will of
course I am would we say that that would
be an example toxic masculinity or
patriarchy or terminology that would
certainly be differentiating from Christ
