let me have your attention a moment
cause you're talking about what talking
about bitching about YouTube D
monetization
some son of a in Silicon Valley is
screwing with your subscriber count'
somebody's screwing your notification
system let's talk about something
important they all hear all the one well
I'm going anyway let's talk about
something important
put the coffee down coffee's for mud
clubbers only you think I'm with
you I am NOT I'm here from downtown
I'm here from CR TV and I'm here on a
mission of mercy your name's not gay
Jared yeah you call yourself a mud club
salesman you son of a I certainly
don't pal because the good news is
you're fired the bad news is you've got
you've all got just one week to regain
your jobs at ladder with Crowder
starting with tonight starting with
tonight's it Oh have I got your
attention now
good cuz we're adding a little something
to this month's sales contest as you all
know first prize is a brand new decked
out sony fs7 anyone want to see second
prize second prize is a pair of Ranger
panties third prize is you're fired
you're starting to get the picture are
you laughing now you've got subscribers
Mudd Club paid good money get their
names to get them to join Mudd Club
you can't tune into subscribers you're
given you can't tune in you are
 hit the bricks pal because you're
getting banned the notification system
is weak the notifications are weak the
notification systems weak you're weak
I've been in this business 15 years
what's your name
 you that's my name
you know why mister cuz you drove here
in a shitty news van tonight and I in an
$80,000 BMW that's my name and your name
is your wanting you can't reach your own
YouTube subscribers because you two do
not even notifying people go home and
tell your wife your troubles there's
only one thing that counts in this life
and that is to get them to sign on the
club that is muck you hear me you
a B M a a always B B M Mudd clubbing
always be mug clubbing always the mud
clubbing a I D a tension interest
decision action attention YouTube's not
notifying you of ladder with Carter's
new videos do I have your attention
interest are you interested
I know you are you even hit the
notification bell you close or you hit
the bricks decision have you made your
decision for Mudd Club and actually a I
D hey get out there you've got the
subscribers coming in I think they came
in to get out of the rain
guy don't hit the notification bill
unless he wants to see your videos
they're out there just waiting to give
you their support are you gonna take it
are you man enough to take it incredible
what's the problem pal you kraut
you're such a hero you're so rich baby
how come you're coming down here waste
your time with such a bunch of bumps
that mug see that mug yeah that mug is
hand etched
this year I signed Phil Robertson Gavin
McGinnis and Roman millennial how many
did you recruit you see pal that's who I
am and you're an intern nice guy I don't
give a good computer you go
home and play with your floppy disk you
want to work here close
you think this is abuse you think this
is abuse you
you can't handle this how the hell will
you handle the abuse you get out there
in a youtube comment section you don't
like it leave I can go out there tonight
the materials you've got and get 15,000
new Mudd Club members tonight in two
hours you you go and do likewise hey yes
youtubers with your subscribers yes half
your subscribers hitting notification
bell aren't even receiving them in
people should be joining my club and
bookmarking your page get mad you sons
of get mad do you know what it
takes
come on back
it takes hand etched hand-painted balls
to grow my club go and do likewise Jets
my clubs for closers
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
that's about how much snap is coming
away today like naka jeered throwing
that jab and the Courtney's face when
they do their kickboxing match
because incredible guests today we have
we have Elon Musk oh yeah Ryan Bader Oh
Blair white we have Ben Shapiro and we
have Owen Benjamin Owen Benjamin with I
believe later on a little little did he
uh so big show a lot of news to get to a
lot of news to get to with North Korea
that's been happening and of course Iran
we haven't talked about it that much
this week because we wanted to see it
play out spoiler alert
not very well uh producing them in video
studio as always is Jared who is not gay
follow me on Twitter not guide you and
me tusk right with the comment your
thoughts your photoshop's we've got a
great Photoshop recently what's a
portrait of me with hopper and Kramer
saying I guess it's not a no not of
Photoshop so much as a painting ah
send them we love them I'm gonna get
that up in the studio I fulfilled my
legal obligations during conclusions are
we good G Morgan Jr at G Morgan Jr
simplify Dwayne calm he drinks a lot I
do usually be considered a wino but you
slap a title on him sommelier and all of
a sudden he has more taste buds what's
the one okay perfect she had to say
Michelle ethos Chateau say Michelle
ethos all mushrooms you say Michelle so
it sounds like a girl's name haze fan
with the overlays are you ready that's
funny I was giving you hope see I was
giving you hope I was giving you home
I'm ready be people a sign of peace in
the Runyan sense I want to you can go up
those Germans you can go straight to
where Angela Merkel dwells
is this Walther shirt day and I didn't
get the memo like no I don't know by the
way Walter don't say that you didn't get
more than you paid for I do love their
firearms question of the day before we
move on why should the UN in relation to
North Korea in Iran why should the USA
give a rat's ass as to what other
countries think about us our
responsibilities our military what we
need to give to NATO haven't we reached
the point regardless of whether you like
President Trump or not have we reached
the poor where we say you know what
Germany we you know what France you know
what insert any country that's not the
United States here especially Canada
you've lost your say comment I'd love to
see what you a genuinely I must have
asked this question before no arse never
know I never asked it thanks
for saving the entire world well we have
to move on to more important news before
we get to that Roman Polanski apparently
came out and he dismissed the hashtag me
too movement as mass hysteria from NBC
News is an interview with a Polish
Newsweek the director said the me to
reckoning is an example of quote
collective hysteria that occasionally
grips society leading people to react
mostly out of fear yes responded to
throngs of underage girls he sodomized
on quaaludes Roman Polanski was Bill
Cosby not available I couldn't get Woody
Allen on the payroll quaaludes money'll
millennial rape victims are so spoiled
yes of all people hashtag shut up like
listen you managed to avenge us you
managed to avoid arrest
shut up take the W and go away okay it
could get a lot worse if we don't report
this I guess real news I get an op
nights Diller who speaks out on gun
control now
yes exactly I'll be stay tuned a woman
on Huffington Post but I don't know any
other way it's hard for me to explain
this in a way yeah this is interesting
that provides content I'm gonna do my
best so at HuffPo this lady is now
saying that theme parks fat-shamed
guests when they don't let them enjoy
all the rides this is a direct quotes as
well safety is often the given reason
that fat people are excluded it's clear
that companies are actually just keeping
the general public safe from our fatness
I refuse to take on the additional guilt
of not having gotten into Harry Potter
until I was 35 okay first off those
Muslim terrestrially I want you to think
of the words that I just spoke in the
order I spoke them to form that sentence
kill yourself because it's worse than
Stephen King's the mist you don't want
to be here for the rest of it slow this
girl was right this was the person who
was banned I guess from Harry Potter
world for being sofa I've been on those
rides by the way yeah they're not very
girthy yeah okay I've been I was next to
a girthy person there so I'm surprised
if this person couldn't fit then it must
been really bad but then a person
Huffington Post was writing about it
chiming in like like velociraptors
communicating over their fatness and she
wrote I'll admit that despite the
annoying JK Rowling versus Nate
people scandal that I doubt you've heard
anything about but I followed because
I'm native so this is the author at
Huffington Post right right to the fat
Native American victim card so I guess
this needs a smallpox tarp okay I
am so I mean I just I cannot read enough
an impost who I can't stand right about
people who I can't stand for you because
you can't be bothered because you don't
want to read up and in post I don't
blame you if you think that's like
somewhere deep in the article no she
lied she that was the lead I was the
lead which is funny you know you don't
even really think of indigenous people
as fat generally but this writer HuffPo
she claims to be a part of the I want to
make sure I get this right for fear of
HuffPo writers claims to be a part of
the Minik Apache Tribe which actually
from its native tongue translates to one
who requires the north wall to her
apartment be broken down when she has a
stroke a peaceful journey into the
afterlife young coronary
may you be kept safe till you see the
great red chief Ronald Weasley oh fat
are you that you couldn't make it to the
venture through Hogwarts another story
people are gonna like this a flaming
rabbit has now been blamed officially
for sparking Saskatchewan wildfire this
comes from my home so for those dopes
land fire was carried out by a fire
department at beardies and oka meeseeks
Creek nation unfortunately after a
controlled burn was conducted and
thought to be extinguished a rabbit on
fire lit another adjacent section of
bush they should have never let that
little prick volunteers tribute it's in
the name what did you accept it what did
you expect the statue I you know do you
know how pissed smokey the bear is made
you famous like a brother to be the
fight is flame flowing rabbits hey a
Texas school is now making headlines is
this and we're gonna get to Iran North
Korea trust me but it's it's it's been a
long week
they're making headlines for their
tradition of birthday spankings yeah
it's comes from a CVS local station in
Texas it's been a tradition for eight
years at Alvord elementary school for
principal Bridget Williams to give
students quote birthday spankings until
recently when parents complained calling
it inappropriate kinda many parents
defended principal Williams of parents
saying parents like Heather redder
saying they're not used to a small-town
community and that's what we are people
that move you from the big city they
don't realize they're not used to this
because a lot of people are moving from
the big city and the Texas for the
economy so it's truly and it's changed
the culture the practice has since been
exchanged with birthday quote light
joking and putting your hand in its
mouth so that's it's almost like you're
exchanging one for something worse so
what are ya is like can I go back a
major in that drop your egg see
the guest lecturer cuz uh I'm an expert
in the field and we have guest lecturers
at grade schools listen they give guests
bankers though apparently that's right
would you like to spank our children and
then listen I thought I think we're
Panza fied and you and I read this going
like oh geez birthday spankings Wow Wow
it was a guy someone someone someone
searched that principal's office because
I guarantee you there's a poster on the
wall like Shawshank we're gonna carve
out a hole and find a sex dungeon in
there
in other news principal different New
York mayoral candidate Cynthia Nixon
came out and said that pot could be a
form of reparations in black
neighborhood that's good
so nation on Saturday told Forbes yeah
we have to make sure that communities
that have been harmed and devastated by
because because sometimes people say
you're afraid to do the black lady voice
because of political crisis I just don't
think of it you're welcome have been
devastated by marijuana arrest get the
first shot at this industry it's a form
of reparations and Reverend Al Sharpton
I kid you not came out and tweeted quote
let's bring this you have it send
computer let's bring this up I'm
legalizing marijuana and I like Cynthia
Nixon but putting pot shops and our
communities is not reparations what the
black community needs most
moment or teleprompters to build a
movement of resistance but resist we
much we mum goes the dynamite
note to Cynthia Nixon when Al Sharpton
calls you out for race baiting you're
too hot it's too I you bet you have puff
pass put away you gotta respect the game
yeah respect the game yeah campaign
managers read man speaking of the
chronic dr. Dre just lost a trademark
battle with a gynecologist called dr.
Dee Rai dr. Dre yeah this comes from the
BBC the cases first 2015 is on the case
for a kid first came up when
gynecologist Dre on and Burch tried to
trademark the name dr. Dre the other dr.
Dre this sounds confusing objected
saying the similarity could cause quote
confusion especially as is near name
sake you wanted to sell audio books and
seminars under the monitor hey okay
listen let's not what dr. Dre you're not
a real doctor and you're also not a real
Dre Dr Dre should now be known as
illegally unlicensed charlatan Andre
also it turns out Snoop Dogg is not even
a real dog but surprisingly is a
proctologist
yeah likes to snoop them dog yes get
over there
do some time in prison there I'm yeah bu
TT so vape pens apparently now it's who
are exploding in people's faces a
pandemic exhibit a story from this week
this guy this is Idaho car salesman
Andrew Hall formerly an enthusiastic
vapor but andrew has vowed to quit
smoking for good after his vape pen blew
up in his face motion House of the
weekend when Andrew was enjoying a few
don't know quell getting ready for work
and you wrote on Facebook that he was
vaping in his bathroom ooh now that's
good I see you Facebook and then posted
from the ICU who is thought to be a
faulty battery though a new scientific
investigation ex is a common it's been
happening a lot throughout the country
really reveals that it's actually a
chemical combustion that occurs when
nicotine reacts with too much douche you
drew me in there punk what did you see
yeah what does it take to start a
national conversation about vape culture
I don't know did you see the explosion
by the way for people who are listening
audio or people go what go look at the
picture there's like the drywall is gone
there's soot all over the what was he
vaping an ACME firecracker
what's the roadrunner in the bathtub
with a plunger beeping aah Oh an
Instagram it's so bad the explosions
beep oh anvil lost his teeth everywhere
I kind of hate vapors anyway and when he
was asked to what's the crazy thing when
he was asked if he was concerned about
his teeth as much as the the damage to
the wall and what bothered him most he
said I know it wasn't so much concerned
about his teeth quote as much as my flat
build semi sideways baseball cap which I
wear indoors because I never had a dad
though he was no stranger to actually
losing teeth due to quote people always
punching me in the face for my flat
build semi sideways baseball cap that I
wear indoors because I never had a dad
[Laughter]
this is why father's matter yes this is
why I don't know I don't like papers
they feel like they can do it anywhere I
had person do it in a wine tasting I
don't really care they'd rather your
favorite other vape explosives they
better do it the Croesus surplice vaping
population I say don't change a thing
hey speaking of things that people are
gonna get mad about Elon Musk I know you
guys all he's your darling he's better
known for Tesla someone saying SpaceX is
now starting a candy company he tweeted
out that he's starting a candy company
and it's going to be amazing when people
thought it was a joke he later went on
to say quote super serious so um you
know this is a topic that's been
capturing the public's attention and we
wanted to talk with him about it I
believe we have Elon Musk
do we have a Miss line mr. musk thank
you for being with us sir thanks for
having me Steven absolutely so Elon the
first question this begs candy industry
why why would you the canned industry is
one of the few that has been stagnant
for decades as a matter of fact in our
lifetimes the canned industry has
remained almost completely unchanged in
merit but agriculture and industrial
revolutions let alone digital uh-huh I'm
having a little trouble direction and
which is what I plan to disrupt with my
new confections theme you know you keep
saying that I'm not entirely sure with
that what are you what are you doing -
soda pop rock delicious and renewable
yeah I'm not I don't think that's
exactly going to catch on mr. Ilan I
don't think that's going to be a well
Osby complimented by our new wind
turbine fields man hi y'all gummy see I
don't think that your target demographic
namely six-year-olds are gonna be overly
concerned with with that with renewable
energy bodies ring pops yeah which can
launch into space
that sounds in expensive of course
subsidized ah well of course mr. mr.
musk um what do you say to critics is
just a move to distract from the fact
that you may be removed as a chairman
that a test was soon that this could be
a little bit of smoke world will always
have critics to them I simply say come
with me this is incredibly a world of
pure imagination take a look and help me
okay Elon yeah yeah I think that's
enough with with your singing and I have
a flair for showmanship but a trance do
you think we'd have more common ground
on this then you would expect okay all
right I'm willing to listen house
make paradise simply open up your
wallets anything you want to do it want
me to change the world just a few
billion yeah that's pretty much what I
expected that's enough Elon Musk
everybody I don't yeah I don't know I
don't need to think about it
come on cut him off I don't think we
need to have Elon Musk on the program by
the way ever see use fan and Elon in the
