[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
there we go glad to have our guests so
this is a long-form interview it is for
now and then it's kind of first twenty20
team first or 2018 the reason is because
we are going to be a bridging attack
February 6th true so we need to buy some
time on the road they're only select a
few people who are worthy of long-form
interviews very very it's a boiler alert
it's not you that's never ma so our next
guest he's been making the rounds and
he's probably as viral right now he's as
hot a ticket has ever been his book is
that of course the 12 rules for life
you've been reading it quite a bit been
reading it I've had to look at the cliff
notes because I have it in my queue
right now I have Erica I think Eric
Metaxas his book on Martin Luther that
I'm finishing and he'll be on the show
too but this is of course by dr. Jordan
Pederson you can also do the self
authoring program if you go to use a
promo code Crowder you get 25% off
because I'm a basket case so it's helped
me so if you're as messed up as me he
can be as useful for you of course he's
on the Twitter at Jordan B Peterson dr.
Peterson thank you for being here sir
thanks for the invitation well no of
course and you knew you were gonna get
an invitation I think you invited
yourself as a matter of fact oh yeah
yeah well yeah it's my live stream yes
exactly
well come on we have some firepower even
if they happen to be some people who you
might not necessarily want your fan base
um so first off this book it's been
selling like hotcakes correct what's
what's the reaction been by and large
and I know there's been viral videos but
the book it's spelt itself what kind of
feedback have you gotten well it's it's
hovering between number one and number
two on Amazon in Canada the US the UK
and Australia and it's the same on the
bestseller lists the big bestseller
lists like the Wall Street Journal and
the London Times and all that it's crazy
it's selling like mad yeah for those who
haven't read it kind of give them
obviously a bit of a summary you know
what's what this stems from what what
kind of data is it is it you know by and
large a big component of or is I should
say maybe the self authoring program a
big component of this book well part of
what the book does what promote is the
idea that you need a vision in life and
a strategy and so that's a good overlap
with the self authoring program isn't
doesn't make
cific reference to the program but it I
would say provides the psychological and
philosophical and ethical underpinnings
for what what we're doing with the self
authoring program and so the idea
basically is is that well that there's
no doubt that life is difficult and that
people get betrayed and that hard things
are coming down the pipeline for
everyone all the time but that if you
organize your life reasonably and face
it courageously and make a plan so that
you're not just a leaf in the wind and
try to do things that are meaningful
then you can extract out path of being
from all of that that's worthwhile and
Noble and helpful and productive and all
of those things and and so the book is a
description of of how you might do that
and but more importantly why right
couple of things are there that could be
this is one of those issues that I
notice a lot with your interviews what
you just said right now if I were
looking to mince it I could say that
sexist against men why because he talked
about organizing your life this book
effectively is using a trait or teaching
people how to best enact a trait that is
actually pretty women have naturally
more than men organizational skills this
is something you talk about now if I
were looking to mince that as a radical
left is when they say well that's sexist
that's a byproduct of patriarchy you
extolling the virtues of organizational
capabilities could easily be turned as
so you're saying women are better than
men because they're more organized
here's here's where here's where you get
wrong because in the book y'all sucks
about how order is a stem of masculinity
in chaos from femininity so he does it
out okay
explain yourself haha are you teasing
poor Kathy Newman from channel 4 again
net well okay see that's that's what we
call a segue he was he was okay before
we get to Kathy Newman yeah um I'm
refraining here before we get to Kevin
your rise has obviously been meteoric
here this last year which will also be a
test of your northeast narcissism we'll
have to test those levels afterward
because often the kids right you know
right well I'm trying to keep that and
my existential terror is keeping the old
narcissism under control
well we'll test that later on in the
program but in the states large positive
feedback say
it seems in UK for people not named
Kathy Newman but Canada still a lot of
people there hate you what's interesting
to me is this is effectively a self-help
book I can't remember in my lifetime I'm
I'm sure someone will fact-check me here
I'm sure it's happened but certainly not
to this degree that a self-help book
has been met with so much backlash why
do you think that is because ultimately
what you are doing as someone who's
who's gone through the self authoring
program you are looking to help people
that's your goal well you know what I
took a stand against the radical
leftists that started about it's almost
18 months ago now and if you take a
stand against the radical leftists then
they immediately try to paint you as a
super villain of the right and so that's
just continuing in Canada or not with
everyone I mean I have many journalists
who are supporting what I'm doing in
Canada but it's definitely polarized and
like there was an article in Canada's
so-called national newspaper The Globe
and Mail this week which by the way is
failing dismal E as it moves forward
through time that really was a hip piece
and and it's an attempt by the people I
would say on the radical left or people
who are just misinformed to tar everyone
who dares to stand up to their
hypocritical and racist idiocy by making
the case that they're associated with
like far-right thinking which is just
preposterous it's first of all you don't
you don't have to be far-right to
dislike the radical left you just have
to be sensible and reasonable and not
full to the brim with resentment and
false what do you call that false
compassion so the problem is is if the
radical left admits that someone like me
actually happens to be reasonable then
they have to admit that reasonable
people can object to what they're doing
and then if reasonable people can object
to it then there's always the
possibility that there's something wrong
with it imagine that something wrong
with identity politics and identifying
people by race and ethnicity and and
construing the world as victim and
victimizer I would renowned I would
reduce that and just say imagine
something being wrong period
right and wrong you know that's just
amazing to me and you see that in some
interviews with you let me say one thing
if okay let's do a little test a little
bit of the narcissist in you this is
obviously the most viral interview I
think you've done with Kathy with Kathy
Newman
what would you say yes okay yes
definitely and it's one where I've seen
even leftists if you look at the
feedback saying okay this is an example
of someone who I disagree with but this
person is reasonable the feedback on the
Kathy Newman interview is almost
entirely positive would you say that's a
compared with other interviews that were
seen as more polarizing when you say
that's a relatively accurate assessment
yeah the only exception would be that
there was a flurry of newspaper articles
after the interview came out claiming
that Kathy Newman was victimized by my
evil army of trolls because I seem to
apparently have an evil army of five
million trolls yes which is a lot of
trolls you know at some point you start
wondering if the trolls are just normal
people yeah but yes I would say that the
apart from the press and there was a lot
they were they want people to think you
have direct access to Jim Henson's
Creature Shop and you're sending them
out yeah it's exactly and well in The
Guardian claim and Channel four as well
that they had to bring in the police to
do a security analysis and and you can
bring in the police under any
circumstances doesn't mean that the
threats are credible and I don't think
they produced any evidence whatsoever
that the threats the threats so-called
were credible but yes I would say
overwhelmingly the consensus is that
Kathy Newman conducted that interview in
a highly biased ideologically rigid
confrontational and inappropriate manner
okay good so I just want to make sure
that we recap this so your most viral
interview and certainly the feedback
among amongst viewers and listeners as
positive as we've seen this year let's
kind of separate the media from it a
little bit because you know yeah when
it's more wrong so yeah so I think a big
question here is you know why is that
why were you so successful at this and
obviously you're wildly successful so by
the way take this or leave it and I am
not at all assuming that four people
hold your comments and I know anything
more than Jordan Pederson on any given
topic he's a doctor I'm not got it what
I will say is this as an intellectual as
kind of an existentialist and you've
talked about this sometimes you can be
almost too smart for your own good
what I think you did with this interview
so well certainly I would say more
perfectly than I've seen in any other
interview is this this form of I've
talked about a pattern disruption in
sometimes you'll you'll wax on sometimes
which is in a way that's very
intelligent but the viewer may not
necessarily directly correlate it to a
point I think what you do with Kathy new
one that was so effective is you asked a
follow-up question
you made her clarify her questions which
showcased them as absurd and you lasered
in on an answer better than I think I've
ever seen you do not that you haven't
done it well but you did it with every
question here it was almost like a boxer
just coming back making her overreach
and straight down the pipe that's what I
saw would you say maybe that's why
didn't know oh there he is yeah it was
fortunate to have handled that interview
properly I think what clued me in I
think very rapidly was when we when I
first sat down with her in front of the
cameras before they were running she was
very friendly and engaging and chirpy
and and you know I thought that we were
actually going to have a conversation
because that's what we were having
before the cameras rolled but as soon as
the cameras went on it was like she was
a completely different person and what
happened in some sense was that I I the
clinical psychologist in me turned on
because that was such a dramatic shift
in character I thought oh there's
something strange going on here and so I
got really detached from the interview
now I not completely detached because it
was still a high-pressure situation I
would say but I started just to watch
what she was doing instead of taking it
personally and what I realized almost
immediately was that the person she was
talking to bore virtually no resemblance
to me and so it was hard to take it
personally you know like if people come
after you with attacks let's say or
insults or or they're after your
character and they and they cut close to
the bone well that's one thing but if
they come at you with all sorts of
accusations that really bear no
relationship whatsoever to either what
you think or what you said
then it's easier to be detached and I've
also been trying hard to maintain a
sense of humor through everything that's
happened over the last 18 months and
that's been difficult
partly because I've had very serious
health problems and of course that makes
having a sense of humor difficult but
also because in many situations I had a
lot on the line and wasn't sure how it
was going to go but my sense of humor
has returned and although I don't know
if you can tell that in this interview
yet but it has there's this ironic
because usually in this this is one of
the few places people go Jordan Peterson
laughing but I'm just facet I wanted to
get to this you seem more relaxed yeah
you seem more relaxed in the interview
flip more I hate to use word but use
this a lot in in combat sports more
fluid you know you just you were able to
take what she gave you and every time
return it back tenfold and and it's
almost like you know that analogy you're
a tiger who kind of has to bleed a
little bit before you're in the fight
I've noticed that when you're with
friendly people there's no time
constraint you have so much room to you
know expand upon an idea sometimes being
framed in by someone else who's
confrontational might bring out the best
in you and I think we saw that it was
formidable yeah well it's a lot easier
to have a sense of humor when you're not
feeling 3/4 dead right yeah so you know
my health is back I'm in pretty good
shape again and so it's a lot easier to
be sharp as well and to pay attention to
what's going on but also to to do to
have a bit of a lighter touch and I've
always struggled with that with the
material I deal with because it's so
serious you know I mean totalitarianism
an atrocity is what I've been studying
for 30 years and it doesn't really get
any darker than that but I do know that
even despite the fact that that what I
study is very dark and and I suppose
some of the things I talk about is very
dark too that the humor is just
unbelievably necessary and I think I was
able to keep a lighter touch in that at
an interview and to laugh a little bit
especially at the absurdity of it
because it just became well I think the
reason that it went viral is because the
interview became its own parody yeah
like she could have what what should
have happened likely was that she should
have gone after me like
I thought afterwards I thought that was
like being mauled by 20 miniature
pitbulls and I was sure that I was sure
the channel 4 was going to edit that and
cut it up so that I would look like an
absolute monster and I guess they did
that to some degree with regards to what
they broadcast and also what they put
put on their Facebook page but they put
the whole interview up on YouTube which
I actually think you know you could say
well more power to them and fairness but
I actually think they did that out of
straight naivety I don't think they had
any idea whatsoever what that interview
actually looked like to the outside
world the shell shocked by the response
I really believe that I have some inside
information from channel 4 and I've been
following people's reaction to it like I
invited Kathy Newman to do another
interview
no because I suit through a back door
gentleman I said look like why don't we
basically make this right instead of it
ending this way because you've taken a
lot of flack for this why don't we
actually sit down and have it a talk and
then that'll work out fine and she said
something like well I need to let this
die down and rethink it but I don't
understand what all the fuss is about I
thought the interview went very well
well I think whoever's in charge of
their YouTube account probably not a big
Kathy Newman fan and uploads it access
to YouTube that's fascinating so she
didn't take you up on it
I mean you know yeah I think there is
some naivete there but it's interesting
that they they uploaded that entirety
what we had that with Sky News remember
that I'm not gay Joe you were there one
time and there were some producers there
who didn't like one of their hosts but
they brought me on and you could tell
that's how I got my gig at Fox News and
that's how I got my spots at CNN you
know as a young kid was just a comedian
even have the show back then it was just
kind of kind of a lamb for the slaughter
and I did all right you know it's like
they set me in front of Alan Combs and I
did okay and then they kept bringing me
back I don't think they always
necessarily expect it and like you said
they're out of touch they she may have
thought that she did really well in that
interview one thing that I often do and
I think we've talked about this to
prepare for debates to prepare for
conversations or even just to see kind
of where I stack up against great
thinkers and you would be certainly in
today's sort of great thinker Mount
Rushmore I would say is all what the
first time
watch an interview I'll watch the Kathy
Newman portion and pause it before I
hear your response and I respond as
though it's in real-time I'll do this
with Bill Maher I'll do it with I don't
know Don Lemon I'll do it with Kathy
Newman just to see how I would respond
so it's as close to a live simulation as
possible one thing that you handled
superbly it was very different I noticed
from where I took this when she said
well hold on a second I'm talking about
the transgender law in Canada
she said why does your freedom of speech
Trump their right to not be offended and
I just paused it and my answer was there
is no right to not be offended but that
way and yours was actually I thought oh
this might play against him I thought it
was a little too intellectual but it
actually drew her into a firefight to
where you ultimately said gotcha you
said well think about it you need to
have the right to be offensive because
you need to have the right to dagan to
offend me and that's absolutely
something you should be doing and you
turned it in a personal analogy and
telling her giving her more free rein
and I think she was caught off guard by
that that was handled really well but
she was because it was so the thing is
it was so patently obvious by that point
that she was doing everything she
possibly could to make me uncomfortable
she knew it I knew it the viewers knew
it there was no doubt about it and it
was easy just to point to that and then
to say well perhaps that's what you
should be doing at least you certainly
have the right to do that right that
offense argument like we can break that
down a little bit because that's
worthwhile it's like okay you don't have
the right to say anything that offends
someone else it hurts their feelings
okay what if you're talking to a
thousand people you don't have the right
to say anything that's going to offend
any one of those thousands of people
which basically means you do not have
the right to say anything at all because
in a group of a thousand people people
virtually anything you say will be
regarded as offensive by at least one
person even if it's merely a consequence
of the fact that they're misinterpreting
you and so really the the right the
absence of the right to offend is
absence of the right to speak at all
right and that just seems so
self-evident all you have to do is think
about it and if it's not a thousand
