ladder with Crowder studios is protected
exclusively by Walther in Upper and not
gay Jarrod the Winter Olympics can
inspire anyone who want to get in shape
but you don't have to wait for that
fresh coat of powder that's right your
local skating rink is a great place to
stay fit and have fun today we're going
to be learning how to figure skate I'm
uncomfortable on the ice and always
remember as with any new athletic
endeavor safety first
now before you move on to any advanced
tricks it's important to take a few laps
and stretch those cold muscles
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
down home body break with steven crowder
and not gay jerry sponsored by mud club
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
what's that story when all you had to
worry about were white guy gangs with
short blades great show tonight
huge show unbelievable so we have Nigel
Faraj of course the pimp pimp from from
the UK the West mr. Lynch Big Daddy
we have stefan molyneux on KD I think we
have Owen Benjamin a little ditty from
Owen Benjamin and we have some we have
some information to get to Big Joe Neal
some really big show producing with me
in video studio as always it's dear to
his neck a follow him on Twitter and
knock a jeer and me it s Crowder with
your comments your thoughts your
photoshop's
we don't love them but will allow them I
fulfilled my legal obligations during
conclusions are we good charger beings
is as authority yes absolutely at G
Morgan Jr simplified wine calm delivered
straight to your door what's the one of
the day one of the days bellicose las
alturas
that look glows that look loose I'm
pretty sure you pronounced that
incorrectly then again what would I
expect trend computer ready for overlays
good evening ready as always he doesn't
seem ready at all it almost seems as
though he is ill-prepared as let me just
boot him up and we'll be talking today
of course quite a bit about the CNN
scripting town halls I know what you're
thinking and you're thinking Illuminati
crisis actors no that's not the
direction we're going what are you doing
there you go do you see this earlier
now could you put his computer did
corner living right there next to water
for no why would you type that room live
on the edge yes but it's not even like a
physical engine sits edge I have watched
him wet himself at the site of a Honda
Cub but then he will take a needless
risk it doesn't even add there's no
reward don't even understand this all
right speaking of affordable Falcon 9
SpaceX is latest expedition finally
launched today and feminists are mad
like this headline from NBC the
patriarchal race to colonize Mars is
another example of male entitlement they
write and I quote it is the same
instinctually and cultural force that
teaches men that everything and everyone
in their line of vision is theirs for
the taking
you know just like walking up to a woman
and grabbing her by the I love how
this this isn't just proof that
yesterday's salon in Slate is today's
NBC I know it's what point do you say
maybe it's not Fringe its NBC front page
headline look as much crab as we gave
him
Elon Musk just put a rocket in space
okay you just mash your fat feminist paw
on a keyboard and hit auto correct did
you mean to say you can't do anything
Elon Musk might have been pushing this
one a little bit it does seem like an
instigator president it's almost like
they should have blurred that and it
only cost you four hundred billion
dollars worth it
just just grab that solar system when
you say when will feminists be mad about
everything oh now yesterday you imagine
landing on the moon was feminists today
back then look at those giant penises
going for man and one giant we say
people kind not a lawyer in dortmund is
now pressing charges over repeat this
comes to us from spend computer from
journalist how do you pronounce this pen
defend computer don't want no no
deutsche welle okay thank you you were
dismissed a lawyer in Dortmund is now
pressing there's pressing charges over
being repeatedly sent Frank pizzas so
far in Dortmund Grohl has received more
than a hundred on Roxas from different
suppliers you know Michael Moore as my
dreams about that but you know what the
movie rights have already been secured
because he's taking the law into his own
hands
the court will wait for an answer if
lieutenant Kendrick didn't place an
order but two meat lovers into my house
then why did his number show up in a
call lock for you no no I didn't order a
large wine now I have requested to be
removed from this delivery please do the
research when I have requested you
lieutenant Kendrick ordered a mountain
you don't have to answer that question
I'll answer the question you want
answers I feel the truth you can't
handle the truth it's a sad statement
our legal system I hope he finds what
he's looking for an angry cow beat up a
British tourist yesterday so that's I'm
female a tourist was left bloodied and
bruised by a ferocious cow which became
angry after this lady sang at a
black-eyed pea song amused by how large
the creature was she jokingly began
singing the popular song popular my
humps my humps my peace now the cow and
I quote unamused by her rapping ha
suddenly charged at her with its horn
most saddened by the story but still
thrilled but their name is finally back
in the news the black-eyed pea this cow
is awesome I'm now v let's look right
there you guys you to forgive yourself
sing around the sing the song should be
dead
I'm trying to be sexy to the cow wasn't
gosh I don't know it does make you the
black-eyed peas it's kind of like I
meant when the first dollars came out
episode 1 everyone now almost a
gazillion it yeah and people loved it I
hated it I always hated the Black Eyed
Peas I've never had I feel vindicated
did you see them was it was Super Bowl
they right a couple years ago it was so
yeah he worst thing I've ever seen it
might it feels like yesterday is still
the ruins are so fresh even Lady Gaga I
was one she did the spider-man yeah she
put on actually a pretty good show it
you could just tell she hadn't balanced
it someone hadn't calibrated it put on a
few pounds do but a carjacker carjacker
story is always fun carjackers by the
way
from Detroit we invented carjacking
you're welcome that's our gift to the
world made his victim drive to Wendy's
on the way to a drug deal this we're
gonna get to CNN in their fake news
Brett angle was charged with felony
aggravated robbery and abduction for
carjacking one with a box cutter seem
self-explanatory he then forced her to
go to an ATM to take out $200 police
then said that the suspect had the woman
drive to a nearby Wendy's and forced her
to buy him something to eat didn't go
dutch then the 84 year old brought him
to a gas station before finally driving
him to a White Castle where he appeared
to be conducting a drug deal
so most upset by the ordeal is White
Castle for finding out that they're not
serving food fit for drug dealers for
them I can attest it's so insulting he
added ten years to his sentence to avoid
White Castle and it wasn't like that
much of an upgrade it wasn't like no no
we're going to Houstons it was Wendy's
there's that much of a discrepancy this
is a guy who's going to prison because
he didn't know what Ober was yeah so
much trouble
Hey different ubers go ooh BRR ex do the
carpool they can't track you know keep
smarter than us we stopped at what we
did when we were driving fishing in new
Texas manly not fun
very odorous but a very distinct oh
tweet me a desk ride if you noticed this
I was talking about us everyone else
learn oh no White Castle it leaves a
distinctive after burn we don't just
mean like oh we like you ate a bunch of
greasy food there's something very
peculiar about White Castle on what it
does to the humanity and this guy was
like I ain't going down and I smell like
hamster cages hey no way we left and
came back so that they could turn on the
fryers
oh that's right if we waited we had two
minutes at White Castle gosh we had
opportunities everywhere made bad
decisions if that were on our record
there's no way we'd be buying a gun a
doctor who denied sex abuse
well this tada doctor has denied sex
abuse from I think Canada by saying his
belly was too big he lost his license
subsequently apparently the excuse
didn't necessarily work so Ontario's
medical regulator they revoked the
lessons of the very dermatologist who
argue that there was no way he had
complaints that he could have possibly
rubbed his
penis against his female patients
particularly their breasts whole area
because of his large reality I'm trying
to be clean here this is the actual
story so his argument was that he
couldn't I couldn't have done it because
I'm because I haven't done push ups and
the panel actually was unable to
conclude after expert examination mind
you whether his penal area actually made
contact with patients so it was
inconclusive because if the gut don't
fit you probably didn't touch her tit
another guilty man gets off can you
believe that
imagine that that's your argument I mean
you just have to have given up on life
yeah it's like you're cornered here's
like uh-uh-uh
no I couldn't have committed sexual
harassment really why is that
because I'm disgusting morbidly obese
have you seen me I have a rectal
dysfunction I'm unattractive and my
belly gets in the way and I would like
to be free to go Your Honor I haven't
seen a penis in years there's no way I
could have done it no way there's no way
imagine in trying to just to prove that
just like those those those poor
infomercials I can't even heard of old
cell phones there's got to be a better
way to commit sexual assault technology
today gotta be away yeah I don't know
what this is a great intro to nigel
farage so here's one thing we're gonna
talk about CNN this is in the news
obviously CPAC is going up by the way no
we're not coming to your CPAC party
everyone's been asking we're not there
no and a lot of people we ate we're
hanging out here and we have our own
lanyards yes exactly we have our own
lanyards we have the VIP plus plus plus
pass who what does that mean free Klean
Kanteen
so uh Florida obviously I don't want to
name the shooter
there was a you've seen the kids who
have been trotted out yeah 17 kids been
trotted out now one kid came out who was
supposed to speak at the town hall and
he said the CNN rejected his Town Hall
question on armed guards and that it
ended up being scripted that's what the
kid said so the message is you know well
please listen to the children giving
well they
why don't the children of the boys shut
that little up please not that one
not that one not that one CNN went as
far as calling the kid a liar
on Twitter they wrote there's absolutely
no truth to this CNN did not provide
script questions for anyone in last
night's Town Hall nor have we ever okay
if you would have said last night's Town
Hall the kid might have been in a pickle
because maybe he didn't save your Google
Doc right maybe he didn't save the
question that you sent him and you could
wiggle out of it but when you say nor
have we ever be yourself Oh a little bit
of a backdoor it's like the first thing
you learn in political science is just
don't speak and absolutely yeah I you
don't but you don't need a conspiracy
for this by the way okay CNN has a long
history of scripting and that's why
they've been catching flack for it that
Don Lemon is all torn up about it no an
actual lemon just a bitter little fruit
Duncan here he's looking old he really
doesn't like that Johnny Mathis he's
just decayed really fast
oh those Don Lemon every way that one
that one will be seen in the Twitter
section so here's your CNN they have a
hit and let's not I don't want to give
the whole crisis actor thing because
that's a conspiracy that you don't you
don't need a conspiracy theory that you
can't prove verifiably beyond all shadow
of a doubt when you have the truth the
truth should be enough CNN has a long
history with this Donna Brazile right
she they shared debate questions Hillary
Clinton campaign while working at Cena
we know that Michelle Malkin revealed a
long time ago she talked about the
systemic problem I think with the CNN
Town Hall's having Democratic operatives
and activist plants as undecided voters
I mean it's it's not really all that out
of the realm of possible when you
consider we did the ant if a thing and
the media just didn't want to pick up on
it at all yeah is this is the lies by
omission right exactly yeah and you had
guys like Chris coma I think I think
spent computer has it I do you have that
do you have that trend computer so this
was okay yeah Romo
yeah the Chris Brown with a CNN boy in
chief except nobody the kid said I
actually went and didn't actually buy
the gun and walked out without filling
any paperwork out but that's what do you
read tweets and he doesn't go back and
correct my story like walked in looked
into it yeah license and he's like
that's I got it
the rate of fire yeah it's like gosh
this is the kind of story that sways
opinion though yeah no exact or Bono's
well it's antigen there's scripting that
has been going on for a long time and
then there are lies by omission that
they don't even realize their inherent
biases we've talked about that with with
what occurs on campus I think some of it
comes out of mouth and I think some of
that comes out of they just don't even
know I think maybe this person who
issued the CNN statement didn't know
about the donna brazile thing didn't
know about candy candy crowley what
happened with Mitt Romney maybe this
person didn't know it was the same
person was bitching that Elon Musk sent
a penis rocket ship in the sky I have no
idea media there's you want to know why
there is no trust in American
institutions which ones you're asking
all of them now it's because of things
like this we have never ever ever ever
ever provided any scripted question
except if you were to ask me if you were
to say hey Steven scripted an interview
with with Nigel Faraj I would say no no
listen
of course now now let me show you I have
a list of questions where I asked Nigel
Farraj what he's doing at CPAC and later
on I'll be asking him those questions
here they are and then we go off-book I
just haven't I would tell you that
that's what happens but I would not say
no no we've never ever ever ever moved
down any questions at all it's just not
true such a lie and the difference is
CNN is having the people the guests
asking the questions scripted yeah so
hosts should be prepared right Chris
Cuomo so they tried out the kids and
this is a conversation
someone corrected me on Twitter today
and and and they were right I said you
know listen of course everyone has the
right to be heard and kids shouldn't be
in charge of making policy decisions
both computer but they said you know
what no not everyone has the right to be
heard I came rember who said this on
Twitter you can tweet me again it s
Crowder I'll try and retweet you because
it was it was insightful they said no
you have the right to speak you don't
have the right to be heard you can't
force somebody to listen so really they
have a right to speak and a complicit
media ensures that everyone is force-fed
what they're talking about kids no I
don't hate these kids I think I think
one of them for sure the one is
definitely a political opportunist he
was tweeting from the school or started
doing the the Instagram video that's why
I just don't like using kids as gimmicks
they do that seat back to they just
bridge I don't like kids being involved
in politics we just try and avoid on
this show so Seth MacFarlane though
tweeted this out this is the narrative
just like Christopher Titus means in the
show don't you care about kids
since they Fraulein tweeted the American
right is terrified of the students of
Marjory Stoneman Douglas high the
students who rapidly turn themselves
into activists after 17 of their fellow
student and teachers were murdered have
become the most visible face of this new
phase of gun debate number conservatives
of limited okay so we're afraid of kids
that says it used to be you don't care
about kids now we're afraid of kids how
many kids have they trotted out how many
kids were at the town hall anywhere from
15 to 20 oh yeah let's let's say 30 tops
what about the other all students at the
high school who haven't been on the news
what about the kids who actively come
out and said hey you know what I'd like
to talk about it I actually disagree
with what some of these kids are saying
I actually think that this is something
that could have been avoided I think
there's some policies that could be
changed for example putting this in the
in the database nationally the next
background check this guy had thirty
nine calls to the house I think shot a
chicken with his gun there have been
other kids no no no no not so fast right
kids with opinions they agree with trot
him on up Steve okay do you tell me this
what what were you know someone there
had to be a grooming process for that of
course coming through who has the
political viewpoint that they want to be
at some point that had to occur that is
the truth now the lie that people run
with unfortunately the crisis actors go
this kid is pay yeah
just put him in a school for years to
lay low until there's a shooting no what
happened is the kid decided he can get
on TV kids get attention just like a kid
who gets a laugh and so it keeps
repeating the stupid joke because he
keeps getting attention that's what
happens with these kids and then they
stutter over their lines and they get
some scripted dialogue that happens in a
lot of these interviews especially with
inarticulate kids who don't understand
the Second Amendment but it's just funny
you tell me this okay
kids with opinions on gun control some
of them weren't even in the same wing of
the high school they're more relevant
then Steven Willeford who killed the
shooter who shot him with his own ar-15
no one wanted to interview Steven
Willeford every night but throws - we
had him on the show we had an exclusive
because no one was calling so you bring
up the girl with the buzz cut you bring
up the girl who looks like the Minority
Report Oracle to yell at Dana lash on a
CNN Town Hall don't hate the girl I'm
